<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211122_10-K_edgar_data_1418100_0001418100-21-000095.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>24750421</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>535909</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3564434</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8708326</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6434484</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5095441</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001418100-21-000095.hdr.sgml : 20211122
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211122161021
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001418100-21-000095
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		148
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211122
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211122

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Avaya Holdings Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001418100
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH APPARATUS [3661]
		IRS NUMBER:				261119726
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38289
		FILM NUMBER:		211432597

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		co Avaya Inc
		STREET 2:		2605 MERIDIAN PARKWAY, SUITE 200
		CITY:			DURHAM
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27713
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(908) 953-6000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		co Avaya Inc
		STREET 2:		2605 MERIDIAN PARKWAY, SUITE 200
		CITY:			DURHAM
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27713

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sierra Holdings Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071109

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001418100-21-000095.txt : 20211122

10-K
 1
 avya-20210930.htm
 10-K

avya-20210930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For The Fiscal Year Ended , 2021 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of Principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to 
 Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was 
 required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant's Common Stock held by non-affiliates on March 31, 2021, the last business day of the 
 registrant's most recently completed second quarter, was million . 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes No 
 As of October 31, 2021, shares of Common Stock, .01 par value, of the registrant were outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K will be incorporated by reference from certain portions of the registrant's definitive proxy 
 statement for its 2022 Annual General Meeting of Stockholders, or will be included in an amendment hereto, to be filed with the 
 Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the close of the registrant's fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Item Description Page PART I 1. Business 
 2 
 1A. Risk Factors 
 16 
 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 37 
 2. Properties 
 37 
 3. Legal Proceedings 
 37 
 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 37 
 PART II 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 38 
 6. Selected Financial Data 
 40 
 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 41 
 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 54 
 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 55 
 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 117 
 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 117 
 9B. Other Information 
 117 
 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 117 
 PART III 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 118 
 11. Executive Compensation 
 118 
 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 118 
 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 118 
 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 118 
 PART IV 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 119 
 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 123 
 
 When we use the terms "we," "us," "our," "Avaya" or the "Company," we mean Avaya Holdings Corp., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole, unless the context otherwise indicates. 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains the registered and unregistered trademarks or service marks of Avaya and are the property of Avaya Holdings Corp. and/or its affiliates. This Annual Report on Form 10-K also contains additional trade names, trademarks or service marks belonging to us and to other companies. We do not intend our use or display of other parties trademarks, trade names or service marks to imply, and such use or display should not be construed to imply, a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, these other parties. 

i 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements 
 Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements containing words such as "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "plan," "project," "target," "model," "can," "could," "may," "should," "will," "would" or similar words or the negative thereof, constitute "forward-looking statements." These forward-looking statements, which are based on our current plans, expectations, estimates and projections about future events, should not be unduly relied upon. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance and achievements to materially differ from any future results, performance and achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. We caution you therefore against relying on any of these forward-looking statements. 
 The forward-looking statements included herein are based upon our assumptions, estimates and beliefs and involve judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive and market conditions and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, our actual results and performance could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements and may be affected by a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause these forward-looking statements to be inaccurate include, among others: the risks and factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A "Risk Factors" and Part II, Item 7 "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 All forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the risk that actual results will differ materially from the expectations expressed in this Annual Report will increase with the passage of time. Except as otherwise required by the federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements after the date of this Annual Report, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or any other reason. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report, the inclusion of such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that the objectives and plans set forth in this Annual Report will be achieved. 
 Marketing, Ranking and Other Industry Data 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes industry and trade association data, forecasts and information that we have prepared based, in part, upon data, forecasts and information obtained from independent trade associations, industry publications and surveys and other information available to us. Some data is also based on our good faith estimates, which are derived from management s knowledge of the industry and independent sources. Industry publications and surveys and forecasts generally state that the information contained therein has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. We have not independently verified any of the data from third-party sources, nor have we ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon therein. In particular, the Aragon reports described below represent research opinion or viewpoints published, as part of a syndicated subscription service, by Aragon Research, Inc. ("Aragon") and are not representations of fact. Each of the Aragon reports speaks as of its original publication date (and not as of the date of this filing) and the opinions expressed in the Aragon reports are subject to change without notice. Aragon does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Aragon research publications consist of the opinions of Aragon's research organizations and should not be construed as statements of fact. Aragon disclaim all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Statements as to our market position are based on market data currently available to us. Our estimates involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed under the heading Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information in the text of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is contained in industry publications or data compiled by a third-party. The sources of these industry publications and data are provided below: 
 Aragon Report: The Aragon Research Globe TM for Unified Communications and Collaboration, 2021, Jim Lundy, June 2021 
 Aragon Report: The Aragon Research Globe TM for Intelligent Contact Centers, 2021, Jim Lundy, July 2021 

1 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Our Company 
 Avaya is a global leader in digital communications products, solutions and services for businesses of all sizes, delivering its technology predominantly through software and services. We enable organizations around the globe to succeed by creating intelligent communications experiences for our clients, their employees and their customers. Avaya builds innovative open, converged unified communications and collaboration ("UCC") and contact center ("CC") software solutions to enhance and simplify communications and collaboration in the cloud, on-premise or a hybrid of both. Our global, experienced team of professionals delivers award-winning services from initial planning and design, to seamless implementation and integration, to ongoing managed operations, optimization, training and support. 
 Businesses are built by the experiences they provide, and Avaya delivers millions of those experiences globally through its software and solutions every day. Avaya is shaping the future of businesses and workplaces, with innovation and partnerships that deliver tangible business results. Our cloud communications solutions and multi-cloud software ecosystem power tailored, intelligent, and effortless customer and employee experiences that enable our clients to effectively engage and interact with their customers. 
 Avaya shifted its entire comprehensive software portfolio to Avaya OneCloud, which offers significant capabilities across contact center (OneCloud CCaaS), unified communications and collaboration (OneCloud UCaaS), and communications platform as a service (OneCloud CPaaS). We believe the Avaya OneCloud open, composable platform approach uniquely positions us to address a customer s needs in creating a Digital Workplace for their campus-based and remote employees through Unified Communications and Collaboration and the Customer Experience Center, our name for contact centers, helping clients deliver tangible business results. 
 Avaya offers a range of software sales and licensing models that can be deployed on-premise or via a public, private, or hybrid cloud. With our open, extensible development platform, customers and third parties can easily create custom applications and automated workflows for their unique needs, and integrate Avaya s capabilities into the customer's existing infrastructure and business applications. Our solutions enable a seamless communications experience that adapts to how employees work, instead of changing how they work. 
 Avaya also offers one of the broadest portfolios of business devices in the industry, including handsets, video conferencing units and headsets to meet the needs of every type of worker across a customer s organization and help our customers get the most out of their communications investments. Avaya IP-enabled handsets, multimedia devices and conferencing systems enhance collaboration and productivity, and position organizations to incorporate future technological advancements. 
 Operating Segments 
 Our business has two operating segments: Products Solutions and Services. 
 Products Solutions 
 Products Solutions encompasses our UCC and CC software platforms, applications and devices. 
 Avaya OneCloud UCaaS solutions enable organizations to reimagine collaborative work environments and help companies increase employee productivity, improve customer service and reduce costs. With Avaya OneCloud UCaaS, organizations can provide their workers with a single app for all-channel calling, messaging, meetings and team collaboration with the same ease of use as existing consumer apps. Avaya embeds communications directly into the apps, browsers and devices employees use every day, giving them a more natural, efficient and flexible way to connect, engage, respond and share where and how they want. During fiscal 2021, we expanded our portfolio to include new cloud-based solutions, and we continued integrating Artificial Intelligence ("AI") to create enhanced user experience and improve performance. For additional information on Avaya OneCloud, see " Avaya OneCloud Deployment Options and Capabilities." 
 Avaya OneCloud CCaaS solutions: Avaya s industry-leading digital contact center solutions enable clients to build a customized portfolio of applications to drive stronger customer engagement and higher customer lifetime value. Our reliable, secure and scalable communications solutions include voice, email, chat, social media, video, performance management and third-party integration that can improve customer service and help companies compete more effectively. Avaya delivers OneCloud CCaaS solutions for cloud deployment and, in fiscal 2021, we continued to aggressively integrate AI, machine learning and leading-edge cybersecurity capabilities into our portfolio, providing our clients a deeper understanding of their customers needs with a robust and secure platform. 
 Avaya OneCloud CPaaS combines the cloud with our communications platforms, providing a development platform and the application programming interfaces that enable developers to easily integrate both UCC and CC 
 2 

communications capabilities directly into internal and customer-facing applications and workflows. Organizations can quickly deliver modular, composable applications ("apps") and experiences that meet ever-changing customer and operational needs. 
 Services 
 Complementing our product and solutions portfolio is a global, award-winning services portfolio, delivered by Avaya and our extensive partner ecosystem. Our services portfolio, which includes solution upgrades and provides new technology through our Avaya OneCloud subscription offerings, consists of: 
 Global Support Services provide offerings that help businesses protect their technology investments and address the risk of system outages. We help our customers gain a competitive edge through proactive problem prevention, rapid resolution and continual solution optimization. Global support services also provide software solutions delivered through a subscription model to provide our customers an improved user experience and solution enhancements. Most of our global support services revenue is recurring in nature. 
 Enterprise Cloud and Managed Services enable customers to take advantage of our technology via the cloud, on-premise, or a hybrid of both, depending on the solution and the needs of the customer. Most of our enterprise cloud and managed services revenue is recurring in nature and based on multi-year services contracts. 
 Professional Services enable our customers to take full advantage of their IT and communications solution investments to drive measurable business results. Our experienced consultants and engineers partner with customers along each step of the solution lifecycle to deliver services that add value and drive business transformation. Most of our professional services revenue is non-recurring in nature. 
 
 With these comprehensive services, customers can leverage communications technology to help them maximize their business results. We help our customers use communications to minimize the risk of outages, drive employee productivity and deliver a differentiated customer experience. 
 Our services teams also help our customers transition at their desired pace to next-generation communications solutions. Customers can choose the level of support for their communications solutions best suited for their needs, which may include deployment, training, monitoring, solution management, optimization and more. Our systems and service teams' performance monitoring can quickly identify and address issues before they arise. Remote diagnostics and resolutions focus on fixing existing problems and avoiding potential issues in order to help our customers save time and reduce the risk of an outage. 
 Avaya OneCloud Deployment Options and Capabilities 
 Cloud and Software-as-a-Service SaaS models generally refer to the products and services that allow organizations to move from owning, managing and running solutions to paying only for the capabilities they need. Avaya OneCloud provides an option for customers to access all of Avaya's software and solutions and customize as they see fit. 
 Avaya OneCloud provides the full spectrum of deployment options, including via private, public and hybrid cloud, as well as on-premise. This enables organizations to deploy our solutions in the way that best serves their business requirements and complements their existing investments, while moving with the speed and agility they require. 
 Avaya OneCloud, delivered as Private, Public, Hybrid or On-Premise 
 Private cloud: Each organization has its own instance of the software, although the platform is shared across multiple organizations, and can leverage its existing technology infrastructure investments without having to operate them. In this model, the organization transitions from a commercial model to a usage model and engages Avaya or a business partner to operate its investments on their behalf. The customer receives a tailored solution using the latest software with standardized cloud contracts. 
 Public cloud : Each organization is a tenant of a shared instance of the software on a shared platform. 
 Hybrid cloud: In a hybrid deployment, customers are able to leverage private cloud features that are already performing to their specifications and then integrate newly developed capabilities from the broader public cloud portfolio. 
 On-Premise: While a growing portion of our business is transitioning to our private, public and hybrid cloud-facing consumption models, there are customers that have business models and/or requirements that mandate a premise-based infrastructure and therefore we will continue to support such solutions. 
 Avaya s solutions are addressing the convergence of private and public cloud deployments observed across the industry. Used in conjunction with our private cloud solution, a customer can use a public cloud to provide capability at the edge of their network in a cost effective manner. Avaya s investments in data-driven intelligent automation mean that if an organization 
 3 

needs to deploy an advanced, integrated, value-focused solution via a private cloud but needs it deployed in just hours, Avaya can deliver such a solution on the requested timeline. The benefit to the organization is always available access to the latest capabilities and innovation, quickly and at scale. 
 Avaya OneCloud, delivered as Subscription 
 Subscription begins the customer s journey to the cloud by changing the commercial model from an ownership model with an existing on-premise solution to a usage model with monthly or annual subscription payments. The customer only pays for the software and solutions that they need as opposed to buying an off-the-shelf solution that cannot be easily tailored to their needs, while providing access to the latest software. 
 Avaya OneCloud Migration 
 We believe our migration methodology differentiates us from many other cloud vendors in the market because of our range of services and ability to seamlessly migrate our customers to the cloud. We provide a range of cloud-facing deployment options best suited to a customer s business and the capabilities to help our customers deploy these options. Our approach also provides flexible options based on standardized methodologies, a range of services, enterprise software expertise and tools to help organizations along every step of their journey to the cloud by reducing transition complexities and risks as they move from their current deployment to a cloud-based one. 
 With our comprehensive Avaya OneCloud portfolio and a long-term technology development roadmap in place, we are helping our customers build state-of-the-art digital workplaces and contact centers. Our customers can take advantage of public, private and hybrid cloud solutions at any stage in their journey, and leverage new capabilities and innovations from Avaya and its ever-expanding partner ecosystem by consuming these software capabilities from the cloud, over-the-top of their on-premise solutions. 
 Application Developer Products 
 Along with off-the-shelf integration with frequently used business applications across an organization, Avaya s converged communications platform simplifies the embedding of Avaya OneCloud communications and collaboration capabilities into business applications, including customer relationship management and enterprise resources planning. Our platform enables customers and third parties to work with Avaya to create customized engagement applications and to meet the unique operating requirements of a customer with unified communications and contact center capabilities including voice, video, messaging, meetings and more. Avaya also offers a cloud-based execution and test environment for developing proof-of-concept applications. 
 The Avaya Client Software Development Kit ("SDK") provides a developer-friendly set of tools that enables the building of innovative user experiences for vertical or business specific applications. Any functionality Avaya uses in its own clients and applications is available to developers through the SDK. Developers can mix and match functionality from both our unified communications and contact center solutions. 
 Avaya has an extensive developer program, Avaya DevConnect, that enables third parties to support and extend the capabilities of Avaya solutions to address business challenges. Thousands of companies around the world are program members, including developers, system integrators, service providers and Avaya customers. 
 Cloud, Alliance Partner and Subscription CAPS Revenues 
 We measure our success in transforming our business to the cloud and our ability to reduce our dependence on premise-based perpetual licensing models by analyzing the contribution of our CAPS revenue to total consolidated revenue. CAPS revenue refers to revenue from cloud based solutions, together with revenues from our Strategic Alliance Partnerships and Subscription revenue. Our CAPS revenue as a percentage of total consolidated revenue has grown over the past three fiscal years, representing 40 , 26 and 16 of total consolidated revenue for fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. 
 Global Alliances 
 Avaya global alliances are strategically oriented technical and commercial relationships with key partners that we believe enhance both companies' go-to-market strategy. We have three primary types of global alliances: Global Service Provider alliances, Global Systems Integrator alliances and Ecosystem alliances. 
 Global Service Provider alliances: Through these partnering arrangements with leading telecommunications service providers, we pursue sell-to and sell-through opportunities for Avaya solutions and services. These alliances are integral in selling and implementing our cloud-based services. We also see them as a principal route to market for our UCaaS and CCaaS solutions. During fiscal 2020, we entered a strategic partnership with RingCentral, Inc. RingCentral") and began deployment of Avaya Cloud Office, our OneCloud UCaaS solution the same year. 
 4 

Global Systems Integrator alliances: These refer to arrangements with systems integrator partners, as well as key channel partners with strong professional services and personalized integration capabilities who include Avaya solutions within broader digital transformation programs and end-to-end vertical solutions. 
 Ecosystem alliances: These partnering arrangements are with industry leaders and leading technology companies. They feature deeper, R D-led integrations and/or expanded go-to-market efforts, such as the DevConnect Select Product Program or the Avaya Friends Program for international markets. During fiscal 2021, we expanded our partnership with Salesforce by developing Avaya OneCloud for Salesforce and offering it in Salesforce AppExchange, we worked with Google to develop AI based solutions for the contact center, and we worked with Microsoft to develop an Azure based contact center and offer it through the Azure MarketPlace. 
 Channel Partners 
 Our channel partners serve our customers worldwide through our Avaya Edge business partner program. Through certifications, the Avaya Edge program positions Value Added Reseller partners to sell, implement and maintain our communications systems, applications and services. Avaya Edge offers clearly defined partner categories with financial, technical, sales and marketing benefits that grow with levels of certification and revenue contribution. We support partners in the program by providing our comprehensive Avaya OneCloud portfolio of solutions in addition to sales, marketing and technical support. Although the terms of individual channel partner agreements may deviate from our standard program terms, our standard program agreements for resellers generally provide for a term of one year, with automatic renewal for successive one-year terms. Agreements may generally be terminated by either party for convenience upon 30-days' prior notice, and our standard program agreements for distributors may generally be terminated by either party for convenience upon 90 days prior notice. Certain of our contractual agreements with our largest distributors and resellers, however, permit termination of the relationship by either party for convenience upon prior notice of 180 days. Our partner agreements generally provide for responsibilities, conduct, order and delivery, pricing and payment, and include customary indemnification, warranty and other similar provisions. The Company's largest distributor, ScanSource Inc., is also its largest customer and represented 7 of the Company's total consolidated revenue for fiscal 2021. See Item 1A, "Risk Factors-Risks Related to Our Business-Our Operations, Markets and Competition-Our growth strategy depends in part on our reliance on our indirect sales channel" for additional information on the Company's reliance on its indirect sales channel. 
 Our Business Today 
 Our solutions address the needs of a diverse range of businesses, including large multinational enterprises, small and medium-sized businesses and government organizations. Our customers operate in a broad range of industries, including financial services, healthcare, hospitality, education, government, manufacturing, retail, transportation, energy, media and communications. We employ a flexible go-to-market strategy with direct or indirect presence in approximately 190 countries. As of September 30, 2021, we had more than 3,800 active channel partners and for fiscal 2021 our product revenue from indirect sales through our channel partners represented 68 of our total Products Solutions segment revenue. 
 For fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, we generated revenue of 2,973 million, 2,873 million and 2,887 million, of which 33 , 37 and 42 was generated by Products Solutions and 67 , 63 and 58 by Services, respectively. Revenue by business area is presented in the following table for the periods indicated: 
 Fiscal years ended September 30, (In millions) 2021 2020 2019 Products Solutions: Unified Communications and Collaboration 
 683 710 863 Contact Center 
 309 363 359 992 1,073 1,222 Services: 
 Global Support Services 
 1,401 1,238 1,086 Enterprise Cloud and Managed Services 
 281 282 297 Professional Services 
 299 280 282 1,981 1,800 1,665 2,973 2,873 2,887 
 Our software revenue as a percentage of total consolidated revenue has grown over the past three fiscal years, representing 64 , 61 and 52 of total consolidated revenue for fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. Our software revenue aggregates revenue across our two reporting segments. Software revenue includes subscription, public and private cloud, 
 5 

perpetual licenses and related software maintenance revenue. On-premise license revenue is included in Product Solutions, while subscription, cloud related software maintenance revenue are primarily included in Services. 
 One of our key focuses is increasing our recurring revenue revenue from products and services that are delivered pursuant to multi-period contracts, including recurring subscription-based software revenue, maintenance, global support services and enterprise cloud and managed services. Non-recurring revenue consists of hardware, non-recurring perpetual-based software and one-time professional services. Hardware predominantly consists of endpoints, which include phones, video conferencing equipment and headsets. Non-recurring software is predominantly comprised of perpetual licenses. One-time professional services include installation services, as well as project-based deployment, design and optimization services. 
 During fiscal 2021, Avaya introduced Avaya OneCloud ARR (Annualized Recurring Revenue) as a key performance indicator, which provides a leading indicator into the software solutions driving our growth. This metric is similar to what our industry peers report and reflects only the recurring components of Avaya s portfolio. Revenues reported as part of Avaya OneCloud ARR include revenues from: 
 Avaya OneCloud CCaaS 
 Avaya OneCloud CPaaS 
 Avaya OneCloud DaaS (Device as a Service) 
 Avaya OneCloud Private Cloud 
 Avaya OneCloud Subscription 
 Avaya Spaces 
 Recurring revenues generated from Avaya Cloud Office 
 Avaya OneCloud ARR does not include recurring revenues from Maintenance, Managed Services or Avaya Cloud Office one-time revenues. 
 In fiscal 2021, OneCloud ARR was 530 million, compared to 191 million reported for fiscal 2020. We believe the OneCloud ARR, combined with our remaining performance obligations, provides a view into our long-term revenue growth potential and trajectory. 
 Trends Shaping Our Industry 
 We believe several key trends are shaping our industry, creating a substantial opportunity for Avaya and other market participants: 
 The COVID-19 pandemic significantly accelerated the trend toward remote work and workforce mobility requirements as the need to work from home or from anywhere dramatically increased and highlighted the need for dynamic, cloud-based solutions that can be used anytime and anywhere. Our customers have realized the advantages of remote work and many are adopting or are considering adopting a permanent hybrid model that combines remote work with a return to the office. Avaya solutions are well positioned to enable this new future of work and collaboration. 
 UCC, CC and CPaaS are converging to become part of an integrated services offering delivering next-generation communications capabilities across a host of devices and channels. 
 Preference for cloud delivery of software applications and management of multiple and varied devices continues to grow, all of which must be handled with the security that business demands. 
 The Experience Economy continues to grow. The Experience Economy is based on the concept that experience is a key source of value it is a differentiator that creates competitive advantage for products and services. As consumers embrace new technologies and devices in creative ways and at an accelerating pace, Avaya is continuing to invest in AI-powered solutions delivered through cloud and subscription models to create Experiences that Matter for customers, employees and agents. This increased adoption and deployment of AI is providing significant new opportunities for enhanced UCC and CC solutions that improve the customer experience and transform the Digital Workplace. 
 Our Market Opportunity 
 We believe that these trends create significant market opportunity for the next-generation UCaaS, Collaboration, CCaaS and CPaaS solutions that Avaya has brought to the market in fiscal 2021. The limitations of traditional premise-based communications solutions and services and capital-intensive buying models present an opportunity for differentiated vendors to gain market share in the cloud. We believe that the total available market for these solutions includes spending on communications applications, and the business devices that improve the application experience, as well as spending on one- 
 6 

time and recurring professional, enterprise cloud and managed services, and support services to implement, maintain and manage these solutions. 
 We are expanding our business in several of these areas, primarily with cloud-facing and subscription-based consumption models. We are also growing in the customer segments that we serve, including large enterprises with more than 1,000 employees, as well as midmarket enterprises with between 50 and 250 agents in the contact center market and between 100 and 1,000 employees for customers using our communications and collaboration solutions. The growth opportunity in these markets comes from the need for enterprises to increase productivity and upgrade their unified communications and collaboration and contact center strategy to a more integrated approach to account for changing customer expectations and the accelerated work from home / work from anywhere trend, increased mobility, and the demand for seamless experiences across multiple communications channels. In response to these needs, we expect that aggregate total spending on UCC, CC, CPaaS, services and support, and enterprise cloud and managed services to grow, with the majority of growth coming from cloud services. 
 Although the decision makers for our solutions and services have traditionally been senior IT leadership, up to and including Chief Information Officers ("CIOs"), our research finds that now more of the buying decisions are being influenced by business units and the broader C-suite, including Chief Executive Officers CEOs ), Chief Marketing Officers CMOs and Chief Digital Officers ("CDOs"). They have become more involved as digital transformation has expanded beyond the data center and IT infrastructure to encompass lines of business operations and customer experiences. CEOs, CMOs and CDOs are recognizing growing customer and employee demand for better interactions across multiple channels of their choosing, and they see an opportunity to differentiate their companies and lines of business by providing their employees with an opportunity to deliver a superior customer experience. 
 We believe that due to the increasing importance of technology as both an internal and external-facing presence of the enterprise, as well as the high stakes of data breaches and similar cyber-security events, CEOs are increasingly engaged in the decision-making process. CMOs and CDOs are gaining additional budget authority as they are tasked with managing customer experience and marketing activities using sophisticated communications technology and rich data. We believe that because of the shifts in decision-making roles, the focus of customer experience solutions should be to provide businesses with better ways to engage with end users securely across multiple platforms and channels, creating better customer experiences, and ultimately, higher revenues for the business. 
 In our experience, decision makers have three critical priorities: 
 Shift to cloud-based solutions: Companies today seek technology that helps them lower Total Cost of Ownership TCO and increase deployment speed and application agility, including a variety of public, private and hybrid cloud solutions. They are also shifting away from a complex, proprietary capital-intensive consumption model to one that is more flexible and efficient in gaining access to the latest technology. 
 Leverage existing technology infrastructure while positioning for the future: The speed at which new technology enters the market is challenging companies to rapidly adopt and install new technology. We believe this pressure creates strong demand for scalable systems that do not require enterprise-wide overhauls of existing technology to implement newer solutions and technologies. Instead, it favors incremental, flexible, extensible technologies that are easy to adopt and compatible with existing infrastructures. 
 Manage the reliable and secure integration of an increasing number and variety of devices and endpoints: Today, business users leverage laptops, smartphones and tablets just as often if not more than desk-based devices. The ability to communicate seamlessly and securely across devices, applications and endpoints must be managed as part of an integrated communications infrastructure. 
 Our Answer 
 We believe we have positioned Avaya as the leader in cloud-based Digital Workplace and Customer Experience Solutions by: 
 Defining innovation in our core market segments by delivering powerful AI-enabled cloud communications solutions. 
 Winning with global services capabilities that support customer cloud adoption and drive expansion. 
 Activating, converting and transforming our installed base by providing a customer journey that enables them to effortlessly migrate to and consume Avaya cloud services. 
 In addition, Avaya intends to: 
 Increase our Midmarket Capabilities and Market Share: We believe our market opportunity for the portion of the midmarket segment that Avaya serves is growing. We define the midmarket as firms with between 50 and 250 agents for CC and between 100 and 1,000 employees for UCC. Not only do we believe this segment is growing, but we also believe midmarket businesses are underserved and willing to invest in IT enhancements. We intend to continue to 
 7 

invest in our midmarket offerings and go-to-market resources to increase market share and meet the growing demands of this segment. 
 Increase Sales to Existing Customers and Pursue New Customers: We have a significant opportunity to increase sales to our existing customers by offering new solutions from our Avaya OneCloud portfolio. Our market leadership, global scale and extensive customer interaction, including at the C-suite level, supports our Avaya OneCloud portfolio, creating a strong software platform from which to drive and shape the evolution of enterprise communications. We have strong credibility with our customers, which provides us with a competitive edge as our customers make the transition to the cloud. Additionally, our refreshed product and services portfolio increases the potential for acquiring new customers. 
 We are both HIPAA and PCI DSS (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard) compliant as we believe the ability to service the healthcare and pharmaceuticals industries, as well as merchants that accept credit cards, significantly expands our potential customer base and total addressable market. These certifications allow for market penetration into what are otherwise restrictive and difficult markets. 
 Invest in Sales and Distribution Capabilities: Our flexible go-to-market strategy consists of both a direct sales force and an indirect sales force through our alliances and channel partners, which allows us to reach customers across industries and around the globe. We believe our channel partner network is a valuable competitive differentiator based on our brand and long history of having a channel sales go-to-market motion. We intend to continue investing in our channel partners and sales forces to optimize their market focus and enter new vertical segments. We provide our channel partners, including master agents and sales agents, with training, marketing programs and technical support that helps to further differentiate our offerings from those of our competitors. These agents are our primary distribution channel for small to midmarket customers. Under our master agent program, small to midmarket sales agents connect prospective customers with our direct sales force which then handles the transaction from contracting and partnering with the customer to determine what services are appropriate to ultimately managing and billing the customer for the Avaya services provided. The master agent program provides an option that rounds out the available choices for customers, channel partners and sales agents to access Avaya s industry-leading communications solutions. 
 We also leverage our sales and distribution channels to accelerate customer adoption of our cloud-based solutions and generate an increasing percentage of our revenue from our new high-value software products, video collaboration, midmarket offerings and user experience applications. 
 Our Competitive Strengths 
 We believe the following competitive strengths position us to capitalize on the opportunities created by the market trends affecting our industry. 
 A Leading Position across our Primary Markets 
 With a full suite of UCaaS, CCaaS and CPaaS solutions offered under Avaya OneCloud and our expansive go-to-market capability, we are a global leader in business communications. We maintain a leading market share in worldwide contact center agents and are recognized by industry analysts as being among the leaders in unified communications and collaboration seats. Additionally, we believe we are a leading provider of private cloud and managed services and that our market leadership and incumbent position within our customer base provides us with a superior opportunity to cross-sell to existing customers and position ourselves to win over new customers. 
 Our Open Standards Technology Supports Multi-vendor, Multi-platform Environments 
 Our open, standards-based technology is designed to accommodate customers with multi-vendor environments seeking to leverage existing investments. Providing enterprises with strong integration capabilities positions them to take advantage of new UCC and CC technology as it is introduced. Our software technology does not limit customers to a single vendor or add to the backlog of integration work. We also continue to invest in our developer ecosystem, Avaya DevConnect, which has grown to include approximately 120,000 members as of September 30, 2021. Avaya DevConnect, together with our Application Programming Interfaces ("APIs"), which are a set of routines, protocols and tools for building software applications and applications development environments, allow our customers to derive unique and additional value from our architecture. 
 Building on our Leading Service Capabilities for a Significant Recurring Revenue Stream 
 Avaya's services relationships have long been significant contributors to our large recurring revenue base and provide us with significant visibility into our customers' future collaboration needs. Our global support services and enterprise cloud and managed services are typically provided to customers through recurring contracts. These contracts generally have terms that range from one to five years. 
 8 

In addition to insights into their ongoing operational needs, our professional services team engages in migration planning, security services, custom application integration and other consulting activities that position us to understand our customers business needs today and in the future. 
 Global Support Services: Avaya is a leading provider of recurring support services for business communications solutions. Our worldwide services-delivery infrastructure and capabilities help customers address critical business communications needs from initial planning and design through implementation, maintenance and day-to-day operation, monitoring and solution management. With more than 3,800 trained and certified services professionals worldwide, we can help customers find and implement the right communications solutions. The launch of Avaya OneCloud Subscription is a further evolution of our global support services business and provides our customers with additional flexibility in how they consume our solutions. 
 We believe the Avaya support services team continues to be well-positioned for success due to the close collaboration between our R D and service planning teams in advance of new product releases. We offer high levels of automation to onboard and manage a customer s communications infrastructure, delivering faster, more effective deployments from proof of concept to production. This includes a robust communications automation platform with full event orchestration leveraging advanced AI functionality. As a pioneer of the omnichannel support experience in enterprise support, Avaya also provides customers the option to interact with our chatbots to access immediate support online. Customers can also connect with one of our experts via web chat, web talk or web video. When necessary, Avaya Services can also directly access our R D teams to resolve customer issues. All combined, these capabilities enable Avaya to provide the highest-quality service for Avaya products. 
 Enterprise Cloud and Managed Services: Avaya s enterprise cloud solutions and managed services solutions focus on customer performance and growth, encompassing software releases, operating customer cloud, premise or hybrid-based communication systems and helping customers migrate to next-generation business communications environments. We believe that our deep understanding of application management supporting unified communications, collaboration and contact center solutions positions us to best manage and operate cloud-based communications systems for our customers. 
 Professional Services: Avaya offers a broad portfolio of capabilities through its professional services, including implementation/enablement services, system optimization, innovation services, partner solution integration and custom applications development. 
 
 We believe our employees and consultants are among the best in our industry because they are trained and supported by the best in the industry. The high level of customer satisfaction ratings we receive for support transactions is a testament to the expertise of our people. Our dedicated professionals are focused on satisfying customer needs, driving a proactive and preventive agenda to help customers maintain optimum levels of service. 
 We continue to broaden the options for cloud-based service offerings, expanding our consulting services capabilities and upselling our existing customers to our cloud-based and managed services offerings. We are investing to provide additional options along the spectrum of support service offerings, constantly developing our tools and infrastructure to improve our service levels. An important element in Avaya s cloud strategy is its continued investment and growth of the Avaya Customer Success Function which includes three main responsibilities: Adoption, Expansion and Renewal for all cloud-based commercial agreements. 
 The Adoption responsibility centers on ensuring Avaya cloud customers are effectively onboarded onto the cloud solution and have the capabilities to begin consuming their Avaya entitlements. 
 The Expansion responsibility centers on the Customer Success team working with Avaya customers during the term of the arrangement to determine where Avaya technology solutions could be of value throughout their organization. This could mean additional entitlements of the same solutions or the positioning of new Avaya capabilities and solutions. 
 Finally, the Renewal responsibility centers on ensuring that Avaya customers have fully consumed and adopted their entitlements and extend their commercial agreement with Avaya. 
 
 It is through Customer Success that Avaya intends to provide a consistent cloud journey for Avaya s cloud customers. 
 Open Standards, Product Differentiation and Innovation 
 Avaya s open architecture provides a competitive advantage for us as potential customers consider migrating to our solutions and services because we can integrate with incumbent competitor systems and provide a path for gradual transition, while immediately achieving overall cost savings and improved functionality. 
 9 

Throughout fiscal 2021, we enhanced our Avaya OneCloud portfolio by rolling out new solutions to address growing demand for our UCaaS, CCaaS, CPaaS and Subscription offerings, as customers transition to cloud-based and subscription consumption models to support public, private and hybrid cloud or on-premise deployments. 
 We expect to continue investing in innovation across the portfolio to bring further enhancements and breakthroughs to market, encouraging customers to continue to add innovative new capabilities to their systems. As we expand our cloud and mobility opportunities, we are also identifying new ways to leverage virtual desktop infrastructure to securely deliver business communications to users. We are developing AI solutions internally and with partners to help organizations transform customer experiences. We are deploying these disruptive solutions to drive incremental value for our customers, and their customers. 
 Research and Development ("R D") 
 Avaya makes substantial investments in R D to develop new systems, solutions and software in support of business communications, including, but not limited to, converged communications systems, communications applications, multimedia contact center innovations, collaboration tools, messaging applications, video, speech-enabled applications, business infrastructure and architecture, converged mobility systems, cloud offerings, web services, artificial intelligence, communications-enabled business processes and applications, and services for our customers. Over the past three fiscal years, we have invested approximately 650 million in R D, including technology acquisitions. 
 We invested 23.0 , 19.3 and 16.7 in R D as a percentage of product revenue in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, reflecting a consistent investment in R D as a percentage of product revenue and evidencing our commitment to innovation. Our investments in fiscal 2021 focused on driving innovative cloud solutions across our portfolio and new releases of our UCC and CC solutions. 
 Patents, Trademarks and Other Intellectual Property 
 We own a significant number of patents important to our business and we expect to continue to file patent applications to protect our R D investments in new products and services across all areas of our business. As of September 30, 2021, we had more than 4,300 patents and pending patent applications, including foreign counterpart patents and foreign applications. These patents and pending patent applications cover a wide range of products and services involving a variety of technologies. For the United States, patents terms may be 20 years from the date of the patent's filing, depending upon term adjustments made by the patent office. In addition, we hold numerous trademarks in the United States and in other countries. We also have licenses to intellectual property for the manufacture, use and sale of our products. 
 We obtain patent and other intellectual property rights used in connection with our business when practicable and appropriate. Historically, we have done so both organically, through commercial relationships, and in connection with acquisitions. 
 We manage our patent portfolio to maximize return on investment by selectively selling patents at market prices and cross-licensing with other parties when such sales or licensing are in best our interests. These monetization programs are conducted in a manner that helps to preserve Avaya s freedom to operate and to help ensure that Avaya retains patents needed for defensive use. 
 From time to time, assertions of infringement of certain patents or other intellectual property rights of others have been made against us, and certain pending claims are in various stages of litigation. Based on our experience and customary industry practice, we believe that any licenses or other rights that might be necessary for us to continue with our current business could be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. For more information concerning the risks related to patents, trademarks and other intellectual property, see Item 1A, "Risk Factors-Risks Related to Our Business-Intellectual Property and Information Security-We may be subject to litigation and infringement claims, which could cause us to incur significant expenses or prevent us from selling our products or services." 
 Customers 
 Avaya employs a flexible, go-to-market strategy to support our diverse customer base. Our customers range in size from small businesses employing a few individuals to large government agencies and multinational companies with tens of thousands of employees. Our customers operate in a broad range of industries, including financial services, manufacturing, retail, transportation, energy, media and communications, hospitality, health care, education and government. Our customers include leading Forbes Global 2000 companies across all these industries. For more information concerning the risks related to contracts with the U.S. federal government, see Item 1A, "Risk Factors - Risks Related to Our Business-Our Operations, Markets and Competition-Contracting with government entities can be complex, expensive and time-consuming." 
 Sales and Distribution 
 Our cloud first, global go-to-market strategy is designed to focus and strengthen our reach and impact on large multinational enterprises, midmarket and regional enterprises and small businesses. Our sales organizations are equipped to sell our comprehensive Avaya OneCloud portfolio complemented by services offerings including product support, integration and other professional services and enterprise cloud and managed services serving our customers in the way they prefer to work with us, 
 10 

either directly with Avaya or indirectly through our sales channels. Underneath our Avaya Edge Channel program, we have built an expansive network of cloud system integrators, technology solutions distributors (master agents), sales agents and other service providers which also have been enabled to market, sell and service our Avaya OneCloud portfolio along with our traditional global partner network consisting of strategic alliances, channel partners, distributors, dealers, value-added resellers, telecommunications service providers and system integrators which have the ability to sell our full portfolio of offerings, including our Avaya OneCloud offerings. 
 We continue to focus on efficient deployment of Avaya sales resources, both directly and indirectly through our channel partners, for maximum market penetration and global growth. Our investment in our sales organization includes fully integrated curricula on the sales process, guided selling, sales enablement and on our solutions for all roles within our sales organization. 
 Seasonal trends impact the sale of our products. Typically, our second fiscal quarter is our weakest and our fourth fiscal quarter is our strongest, see Item 1A, "Risk Factors - Risks Related to Our Financial Results, Finances and Capital Structure-In addition to experiencing some seasonal trends, our quarterly and annual revenues and operating results have historically fluctuated and the results of one period may not provide a reliable indicator of our future performance." 
 Development Partnerships 
 The Avaya DevConnect program is designed to promote the development, compliance-testing and co-marketing of innovative third-party products that are compatible with Avaya s standards-based products. Member organizations have expertise in a broad range of technologies, including IP telephony, contact center and unified communications and collaboration applications. 
 As of September 30, 2021, over 33,000 companies have registered with the program, including approximately 300 companies operating at higher program levels, eligible for technical support and to submit their products or services for compatibility testing through the program by the Avaya Solution Interoperability and Test Lab ("Avaya Test Lab"). Avaya DevConnect engineers work in concert with each submitting member company to develop comprehensive test plans for each application to validate the product integrations. 
 Manufacturing and Suppliers 
 We have outsourced substantially all of our manufacturing operations to several contract manufacturers. All manufacturing of our products is performed in accordance with detailed specifications and product designs, furnished or approved by Avaya, and is subject to rigorous quality control standards. We periodically review our product manufacturing operations and consider changes we believe may be necessary or appropriate. We also purchase certain hardware components and license certain software components from third-party Original Equipment Manufacturers ("OEMs"), which we then resell separately or as part of our products under the Avaya brand. 
 In some cases, certain components are available only from a single source or from a limited number of suppliers. Delays or shortages associated with these components could cause significant disruption to our operations, although we have not yet had any such event have a material impact on us. For more information on risks related to products, components and logistics, see Item 1A, "Risk Factors-Risks Related to Our Business-Our Operations, Markets and Competition-We rely on third-party contract manufacturers, component suppliers and partners (some of which are sole source and limited source suppliers) and warehousing and distribution logistics providers. If these relationships are disrupted and we are unable to obtain substitute manufacturers, suppliers or partners, on favorable terms or at all, our business, operating results and financial condition may be harmed." 
 Competition 
 Although we believe we are differentiated from any single competitor, the following represent the Company's primary competitors in various lines of our business: 
 Enterprise UCC : Alcatel-Lucent Enterprise, Atos Unify, Cisco, Huawei, Microsoft and NEC. 
 Midmarket UCC : Cisco, Microsoft, Mitel and NEC. 
 Cloud Products and Services: 8x8, Alcatel-Lucent Enterprise (with RingCentral), Atos Unify (with RingCentral), Cisco, Fuze, Google, LogMeIn, Microsoft, Mitel, RingCentral, Twilio, Vonage and Zoom. 
 Video Products and Solutions: BlueJeans, Cisco, Google, Huawei, LifeSize, LogMeIn, Microsoft, Poly, RingCentral, Yealink, Zoom and ZTE. 
 Enterprise Contact Center Products and Services: Aspect Software, Cisco, Enghouse Interactive, Genesys, Huawei, Mitel and NEC. 
 Midmarket Contact Center Products and Services: Amazon, Cisco, Five9, Genesys, NICE InContact, Serenova, Talkdesk, Twilio and Vonage. 
 11 

We also face competition in certain geographies with companies that have a particular strength and focus in these regions, such as Huawei in China and Intelbras in Latin America. 
 While we believe our global, in-house end-to-end services organization as well as our indirect channel provide us with a competitive advantage, we face competition from companies offering products and services directly or indirectly through their channel partners, as well as resellers, consulting and systems integration firms and network service providers. 
 For more information on risks related to our competition, see Item 1A, "Risk Factors-Risks Related to Our Business-Our Operations, Markets and Competition- We face formidable competition from providers of unified communications and contact center solutions and services, including cloud-based solutions, and this competition may negatively impact our business and limit our growth." 
 Employees and Human Capital Management 
 Our Global Footprint 
 Our ability to attract, retain and engage diverse talent is critical to the successful execution of our strategy and delivering on our mission to create experiences that matter for our customers and employees. Our cultural principles of Simplicity, Trust, Accountability, Teamwork and Empowerment are foundational to our culture and serve as the framework for each phase of the employee life cycle. 
 As of September 30, 2021, we employed 8,063 employees, of which 39 were located in North America (United States and Canada), 24 were located in Asia Pacific, 9 were located in the Caribbean and Latin America and 28 were located in Europe, Middle East and Africa. In addition, 23 of our global employee headcount identified as female. In the United States, 28 of the employee headcount identified as female and 27 of our employees self-identified as a minority group. 
 Of our 2,729 employees located in the United States, 11 are represented by a labor union. In certain foreign countries, our employees are represented by trade unions, work councils or collective bargaining agreements at the national level. 
 At Avaya, we champion an open, fair and supportive environment where our employees can thrive both professionally and personally. We work hard, give back to our communities, take care of our customers and promote high levels of employee engagement and well-being. Human capital management and environmental, social and governance ("ESG") matters are woven into the everyday fabric of Avaya's culture and actively sponsored by our executive leadership. In addition, aspects of human capital management and ESG are overseen by our Board of Directors as well as the Compensation Committee, Audit Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 
 Our People First Strategy 
 Our people first strategy enables a culture that empowers our team members to leverage their strengths and experiences and also provides development and growth opportunities to sustain and expand our world class services and cultivate innovation. Underpinned by our cultural principles, our global population demonstrates the following attributes in the way we work and in everything we do: 
 We espouse a customer-centric approach to focus on making our customers' lives simpler and more efficient. 
 We foster a safe environment where innovative solutions are encouraged and rewarded. 
 We encourage our people to speak up, take responsibility and embrace ownership. 
 We lead by example and function as a transparent and dynamic team working towards a unified vision. 
 We recognize one another for our achievements and strengths and value diversity of thought and the uniqueness of everyone in a collaborative environment. 
 We empower our people to take risks, immerse themselves in the experience and drive customer success. 
 Employee Engagement 
 We enhance employee engagement by soliciting and addressing feedback, investing in our employees and promoting diversity, equity, inclusion and belonging. 
 We regularly conduct employee surveys to better understand and improve perceptions in the areas of engagement, recognition, career development, inclusion, leadership and management effectiveness and ethics and integrity. We met industry benchmark for participation rate in our most recent survey in 2021 with employee engagement of 84 . We use the feedback to identify opportunities and take action to continually strengthen our culture and enhance engagement, as demonstrated by our successful retention of 94 of our employees who were top-rated in our annual performance reviews and further validated by Forbes' recognition of Avaya as one of the World's Best Employers in 2021 for the second consecutive year. 
 12 

At Avaya, we are acutely aware that developing our talent is both critical for continuing success in a rapidly evolving industry as well as for employee retention. We invest significant resources in professional development, career advancement and training for our global employee population. In addition to ongoing performance reviews and development discussions that occur as part of our formalized annual performance lifecycle, consistent, meaningful conversations are encouraged between employees and managers to continue the dialogue regarding aspirations, goals and career growth. 
 We invested in new tools, resources and partnerships to further develop our internal capabilities to develop talent and build leadership acumen to support our business success in 2021. We made learning tools such as LinkedIn Learning available to all global employees, hosted leadership development programs with partners such as BetterUp and ZengerFolkman and launched initiatives to promote diversity awareness with Blue Ocean Brain. 
 Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging (DEI B) at Avaya 
 At Avaya, we drive and promote a clear strategy to build a workplace that mirrors the society in which we do business a workplace where individuality is celebrated and harnessed to create a culture of engagement, innovation, inclusivity and belonging. 
 To successfully execute on our strategy, we have established a Global DEI B Council, chaired by our CEO, to ensure alignment between our DEI B strategy and our overall business strategy and a Global DEI B Committee, chaired by our Chief Human Resources Officer, to ensure global calibration and oversee the execution of various DEI B initiatives. 
 In addition, we benefited from significant growth in Employee Resource Groups ("ERGs"), employee-led groups that bring employees together to foster a sense of belonging, at Avaya. Following a revamp of the ERG process and design construct in 2020, we now have six active ERGs: Avaya Blacks Leading Empowerment (ABLE), Abilities Employee Resource Group (AERG), Asociacion Latinos Mundiales Avaya (ALMA), Asian Pacific Islanders @ Avaya (API@A), PRIDE, Veterans @ Avaya (VETA) and Women's Inspired Network@Avaya (WIN@A). ERG representatives serve on the Global DEI B Committee to discuss insights, recommendations and initiatives with leadership. 
 We focus on ensuring our hiring pipeline is accessible, dynamic and that we draw from a diverse pool of talent. To further these objectives, we utilize tools to support 'blind sourcing', conduct on-going training of our talent acquisition teams around topics such as unconscious bias, micro aggressions and inequities, and provide hiring managers toolkits to engage and attract diverse talent networks. 
 Employee Benefits 
 We provide comprehensive health insurance plans that include medical, dental and vision for our employees and their families in most countries. Our global employee population has access to employee assistance and wellness programs, including those covering financial wellness. 
 We offer an Employee Stock Purchase Plan that permits employees to use payroll deductions to purchase our stock at a 15 discount to market. Following a phased launch initiated in late 2020, we have been experiencing robust participation rates. Approximately 40 of our employees in the United States are active participants. In addition to the Employee Stock Purchase Program, in fiscal 2021 we extended our incentive equity program, increasing the number of recipients six-fold as of September 30, 2021 as compared to the prior fiscal year end, to further align our employees with stockholder interests and our continuing success as well as to enhance engagement. 
 Corporate Responsibility 
 At Avaya, we are committed to ensuring the health and well-being of our employees, investing in our communities, creating products that are inherently sustainable, keeping our customers' solutions and data secure and reducing our environmental impact. Remaining steadfast in our commitment to combat climate change, Avaya exceeded its 2020 target by reducing Scope 1 Scope 2 emissions by 65 and Scope 3 emissions from business travel by 49 from 2014 levels. We plan to build on our achievements and continue the momentum as we develop new carbon emission reduction targets in support of the transition to a low carbon economy. Additional detail on our environmental, social and governance initiatives, including with respect to human capital, climate change and charitable giving, are included in our Corporate Responsibility Report and on our website. 1 
 Employee Safety and Well-Being / Our Response to COVID-19 
 The COVID-19 pandemic continues to have widespread and unpredictable impacts on global communities, economies and business practices, and continues to impact our global employees, partners and customers. Avaya successfully and swiftly instituted protocols and policies focused on prioritizing the health and safety of our employees, including creating COVID 
 
 1 The contents of our website and our Corporate Responsibility Report and CDP Climate Change Questionnaire are referenced for general information only and are not incorporated into this 10-K. 
 13 

response teams, while maintaining business continuity and minimizing disruption to customer support and service delivery at the onset of the pandemic. 
 We took immediate steps to modify employee travel policies, implemented office closures and allowed employees that were not critical to maintaining physical infrastructure to work remotely. Our COVID response teams continue to regularly review and adapt our policies to minimize health and safety risk based on evolving research and guidance and key COVID-19 related data. We facilitate data-informed executive decision-making and ensure consistent, regular and transparent communications with our employees and other stakeholders. 
 We are actively monitoring changes to regulations and guidance as we implement a phased re-opening of our offices, based on local circumstances and guided by safety. Our return to offices will incorporate new flexible work arrangements to combine the benefits of in-person collaboration with increased flexibility to drive both innovation and productivity. 
 This year truly demonstrated the importance of not only protecting our employees' physical safety but caring for their mental health. We monitored our employees' well-being and implemented programs to ensure that employees felt fully supported. All Avaya employees have access to a complete wellness platform with resources and tools to track activity, get wellness advice, find healthy recipes, and access support on the road to achieving their health goals. 
 Environmental, Health and Safety Matters 
 Avaya is subject to a wide range of governmental requirements relating to safety, health and environmental protection, including: 
 certain provisions of environmental laws governing the cleanup of soil and groundwater contamination; 
 various local, federal and international laws and regulations regarding the material content and electrical design of our products that require us to be financially responsible for the collection, treatment, recycling and disposal of those products; and 
 various employee safety and health regulations that are imposed in various countries within which we operate, including those related to COVID-19. 
 We are involved in a few remediations at currently or formerly owned or leased sites, which we do not believe will have a material impact on our business or results of operations. 
 Cybersecurity 
 Avaya has a vigorous, risk-based cybersecurity program, dedicated to protecting our data as well as data belonging to our customers and partners. We utilize a defensive in-depth strategy, with multiple layers of security controls to protect our data and solutions. Organizationally, we have a Product Security Council, cross-functional Cyber Incident Response teams, Security Operations Centers, and strong governance to ensure compliance with our security policies and protocols. These teams are comprised of experts across our enterprise, as well as outside experts, to ensure that we are monitoring the effectiveness of our cybersecurity governance and vulnerability management programs. 
 For more information on risks related to data security, see Item 1A, "Risk Factors-Risks Related to Our Business-Intellectual Property and Information Security- A breach of the security of our information systems, products or services or of the information systems of our third-party providers could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition." 
 Corporate Information 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 2605 Meridian Parkway, Suite 200, Durham, North Carolina. Our corporate telephone number is (908) 953-6000. Our website address is www.avaya.com. Information contained in, and that can be accessed through our website is not incorporated into and does not form a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Avaya Holdings is a holding company with no stand-alone operations and has no material assets other than its ownership interest in Avaya Inc. and its subsidiaries. All of the Company s operations are conducted through its various subsidiaries, which are organized and operated according to the laws of their jurisdiction of incorporation or formation, as applicable, and consolidated by the Company. 
 The Company's corporate governance documents, including the Board of Directors' Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee charters are available, free of charge, on Avaya s website at https://investors.avaya.com. 
 All of the Company's periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") pursuant to Section 13(a), 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available, free of charge, on Avaya s website, including its Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Proxy Statements and any amendments to those reports. These reports and amendments are available on Avaya s website as soon as reasonably 
 14 

practicable after the Company electronically files the reports or amendments with the SEC. The SEC maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains these reports, proxy and information statements and other information. 
 15 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 The risk factors summarized and detailed below could materially harm our business, operating results and/or financial condition, impair our future prospects and/or cause the price of our common stock to decline. These are not all of the risks we face and other factors not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also affect our business if they occur. Material risks that may affect our business, operating results and financial condition include, but are not necessarily limited to, those relating to: 
 Risks Related to our Business 
 executing our strategic operating plan, including our strategic partnership with RingCentral, Inc. 
 shifting more of our business to a subscription-based operating expense model which may harm our cash flows; 
 completing acquisitions and/or strategic alliances, including those needed to increase our share of the cloud communications industry and integrating such acquired businesses and alliances 
 market opportunities may not develop for our solutions and services in ways that we anticipate and we may not succeed in developing new innovative solutions and services to keep pace with rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards and customer preferences; 
 industry consolidation and competition from providers of unified communications and contact center solutions and services, including cloud-based solutions; 
 increasing use of artificial intelligence in our offerings may expose us to social and ethical issues which may result in reputational harm and liability; 
 our ability to continue to expand our cloud-based solutions and services offerings; 
 our reliance on our indirect sales channel; 
 disruptions to our third-party contract manufacturers, component suppliers and partners (some of which are sole source and limited source suppliers) and warehousing and distribution logistics providers; 
 compliance with laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration, performance and pricing of contracts with government entities; 
 our ability to detect and correct design defects, errors, failures or bugs in our products and services; 
 litigation, intellectual property, infringement claims and the protection of our intellectual property; 
 some of our products contain software from open source code sources; 
 failure to comply with laws and contractual obligations related to data privacy and protection; 
 security breaches of our information systems, products or services or of the information systems of our third-party providers; 
 operational, logistical, economic and/or political challenges in a specific country or region, including compliance with United States ("U.S.") and foreign government laws and regulations, which could negatively affect our revenue, costs, expenses and financial condition or those of our channel partners and distributors; 
 compliance with certain telecommunications or other rules and regulations, which could subject us to enforcement actions, fines, loss of licenses and possibly restrictions on our ability to operate or offer certain of our services; 
 compliance with laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration, performance and pricing of contracts with government entities and changes in, and responses to, U.S. trade policy, including the imposition of tariffs and sanctions and retaliatory measures by other countries; 
 Risks Related to Our Financial Results, Finances and Capital Structure 
 our revenues and operating results have historically fluctuated and may not be a reliable indicator of our future performance; 
 shifts in the mix of sizes or types of organizations that purchase our solutions or the mix of products, solutions and services purchased by our customers could affect our gross margins and operating results; 
 we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings if our goodwill or intangible assets become impaired; 
 our degree of leverage and related interest expense; 
 16 

restrictions included in our financing agreements and indentures; 
 our ability to service all of our indebtedness and other ongoing liquidity needs and to raise additional capital to fund our operations; 
 the price of our common stock may be volatile and fluctuate substantially; 
 our intention not to pay dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future; 
 potential for significantly dilutive issuance of common stock and/or preferred stock, including upon the conversion of our convertible notes and preferred stock; and 
 the holders of our Series A Preferred Stock have certain consent rights over charter amendments and issuances of senior equity and they may exercise their redemption or put rights. 
 
 17 

Risks Related to Our Business 
 Our Operations, Markets and Competition 
 If we do not successfully execute our strategic operating plan, which depends in part on our ability to increase our share of the market for cloud-based solutions, software and services offerings, our business could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Each year, we develop our strategic operating plan that serves as a roadmap for implementing our business strategy and the basis for the allocation of resources, capital, investment decisions, product life cycles, process improvements and strategic alliances and acquisitions. In developing our strategic operating plan, we make certain assumptions including, but not limited to, those related to the market environment, customer demand, evolving technologies, competition, market consolidation, the global economy and our overall strategic priorities for the upcoming fiscal year. Actual economic, market and other conditions may be different from our assumptions and we may not be able to successfully execute our strategic operating plan. 
 We sell business communications solutions and services in markets where the technology available and the utilized go-to-market models change rapidly. We are in the midst of a multi-year transformation, evolving from a traditional telecommunications hardware company into a software and services company, focused on expanding our cloud- and mobile-enabled contact center, unified communications and innovative next-generation workflow automation solutions. To increase our revenue, we must continue to expand and develop new cloud-based solutions and services offerings as the market rapidly develops and changes. Our cloud enabled unified communications and contact center solutions and services must offer relevant features and provide consistent high-quality services at competitive prices to attract new customers and to migrate existing customers to such solutions and services. The functionality, relevance and customer acceptance of our cloud-based solutions and services will depend, in part, on our ability and our partners' ability to integrate our offerings with third-party applications and platforms, including enterprise collaboration, enterprise resource planning, customer relationship management, human capital management and other proprietary application suites. Moreover, our business will remain dependent on customer decisions to migrate their legacy communications infrastructures to cloud solutions based on newer technology. 
 If the market for cloud-based communications fails to develop, develops more slowly than we anticipate, or develops in a manner different than we expect, or if we are not able to successfully develop and expand our cloud-based solutions and services offerings, our cloud-based solutions and services could fail to achieve market acceptance. This in turn could impact our growth strategy and our ability to execute our strategic operating plan, and our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely impacted. 
 The timing of our cash flows may be negatively impacted as we shift more of our business to a subscription-based model. 
 We intend to increase our recurring revenue by shifting more of our business to a subscription-based model instead of a perpetual license model. To do this, we need to offer relevant cloud-enabled unified communications and contact center solutions and services at competitive prices, which will both attract new customers and which we can bundle and upsell to existing customers. If we successfully increase our subscription revenues, we expect that it will result in more of our cash receipts being deferred relative to our historical perpetual license model as payments are spread over a pre-determined time period (e.g. monthly or annually) rather than being received upfront. 
 If we are unable to successfully complete acquisitions and/or strategic alliances and effectively integrate acquired businesses, our business, operating results and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 Our strategic operating plan requires continued investments in acquisitions and strategic alliances with other companies in various areas, specifically, with respect to, accelerating the development, sales and delivery of our cloud-based solutions and services, such as our acquisition of CTIntegrations, LLC, a digital channel platform, in August 2021. Identifying and evaluating potential strategic alternatives and/or partners may be time consuming and divert the attention and focus of management and other key personnel. Any potential transaction would be dependent upon a number of factors that may be beyond our control, including among other things, economic conditions, market consolidation, industry trends and competing bidders. There is no assurance that we will be able to complete any acquisition or strategic alliance even if we expend significant sums and efforts in connection with a potential transaction. Without such transactions it may be challenging for us to execute on our strategic operating plan in our desired time frame and our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed. 
 Once we complete an acquisition or other material investment, we may not be able to successfully integrate acquired businesses, resulting in the failure to realize the intended benefits. Acquisitions could result in difficulties integrating acquired operations and, where deemed desirable, transitioning overlapping products into a single product line, thereby resulting in the diversion of capital and the attention of management and other key personnel away from other business issues and opportunities. We may also fail to retain employees acquired through acquisitions, which may negatively impact our integration efforts or our due diligence efforts may not reveal all potential liabilities associated with the acquired entity. We may incur substantial expenses as part of these corporate development and integration processes and if we fail to successfully identify, execute and integrate acquisitions or product portfolios, or if they fail to perform as we anticipate, our existing businesses and 
 18 

our revenue and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Our strategic operating plan relies in part upon the successful execution of our strategic partnership with RingCentral, Inc. ("RingCentral"), which may not be successful. 
 Our strategic operating plan relies on market acceptance of our cloud-based solutions and investing in being at the forefront of offering these solutions. Our ability to implement this strategy relies, at least in part, on our strategic partnership with RingCentral. A strategic partnership between two independent businesses is a complex, costly, and time-consuming process that will require significant management attention and resources. Realizing the benefits of our strategic partnership with RingCentral will depend in part on our ability to work with RingCentral to develop, market and sell Avaya Cloud Office by RingCentral ("Avaya Cloud Office" or "ACO"). As with any strategic partnership, unforeseen challenges may arise, which could impact the ultimate benefits achieved from the alliance. In addition, the process of bringing ACO to market in additional countries may take longer than anticipated, which could negate some of our anticipated benefits and revenue opportunities. 
 The failure to meet the challenges involved in having two businesses work together could harm our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of this partnership, including realization of amounts previously paid, and cause an interruption of, or a loss of momentum in, our business activities. We may also incur significant costs associated with this partnership and our revenues may not increase as anticipated, which may materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Our business communications solutions and services may not match market opportunities and the new solutions and services we develop may not keep pace with rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards and customer preferences. 
 The demand for our solutions and services can change quickly and in ways that we may not anticipate because the market in which we operate is characterized by rapid, and sometimes disruptive, technological developments, evolving industry standards, frequent new product introductions and enhancements, changes in customer requirements and a limited ability to accurately forecast future customer orders. Our solutions and services may not satisfy customer needs and we may not be able to successfully identify new market opportunities for our solutions and services. Also, our partners may stop providing Avaya services or products or reduce the amount of Avaya services or products they offer. 
 In addition, we may not be able to successfully develop and bring new solutions to market in a timely manner. Our solutions need to keep pace with changes in technology, industry standards and customer needs. Our operating results may be adversely affected if the market opportunity for our solutions and services does not develop in the ways that we anticipate and/or if we are not able to successfully identify new market opportunities for our solutions and services, develop and bring new solutions to market in a timely manner or achieve market acceptance of our solutions and services. 
 Social and ethical issues relating to the use of AI in our offerings may result in reputational harm or liability. 
 Social and ethical issues relating to the use of new and evolving technologies such as artificial intelligence ("AI") in our offerings, may result in reputational harm and liability, and may cause us to incur additional research and development ("R D") costs to resolve such issues. We are increasingly building AI into many of our offerings and we anticipate it will be a growing aspect of our solutions as our offerings evolve. AI presents emerging ethical issues and if we enable or offer solutions that draw controversy due to their perceived or actual impact on society, we may experience brand or reputational harm, competitive harm or legal liability. Potential government regulation in the space of AI ethics may also increase the burden and cost of research and development in this area, subjecting us to brand or reputational harm, competitive harm or legal liability. Failure to address AI ethics issues by us or others in our industry could undermine public confidence in AI and slow adoption of AI in our products and services. 
 We face formidable competition from providers of unified communications and contact center solutions and services, including cloud-based solutions, and this competition may negatively impact our business and limit our growth. 
 The markets for our solutions and services are characterized by rapid changes in customer demands, ongoing technological changes, evolving industry standards, new product introductions, and evolving methods of building and operating networks. Both traditional and new competitors are investing heavily in this market and competing for customers. As these markets evolve, we expect competition to intensify and to expand to include companies that do not currently compete against us. 
 Because we offer solutions for contact centers and unified communications which are cloud-based, on-premise or hybrid, we face a wide range of competitors. Some of our competitors include: 
 Enterprise UCC: Alcatel-Lucent Enterprise, Atos Unify, Cisco, Huawei, Microsoft and NEC. 
 Midmarket UCC: Cisco, Microsoft, Mitel and NEC. 
 Cloud Products and Services: 8x8, Alcatel-Lucent Enterprise (with RingCentral), Atos Unify (with RingCentral), Cisco, Fuze, Google, LogMeIn, Microsoft, Mitel, RingCentral, Twilio, Vonage and Zoom. 
 19 

Video Products and Solutions: BlueJeans, Cisco, Google, Huawei, LifeSize, LogMeIn, Microsoft, Poly, RingCentral, Yealink, Zoom and ZTE. 
 Enterprise Contact Center Products and Services: Aspect Software, Cisco, Enghouse Interactive, Genesys, Huawei, Mitel and NEC. 
 Midmarket Contact Center Products and Services: Amazon, Cisco, Five9, Genesys, NICE InContact, Serenova, Talkdesk, Twilio and Vonage. 
 We also face competition in certain geographies with companies that have a particular strength and focus in some of the geographic regions in which we operate, such as Huawei in China and Intelbras in Latin America. 
 Several of our existing competitors have, and many of our future competitors may have, greater financial, personnel, technical, R D and other resources, more well-established brands or reputations and broader customer bases than we do and, as a result, these competitors may be able to respond more quickly to potential acquisitions and other market opportunities, new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements. On the other hand, smaller competitors may be able to respond to technological evolution and changes in customer demand with more speed and agility than we can. In addition, some competitors may have customer bases that are more geographically balanced than ours and, therefore, may be less affected by an economic downturn in a particular region. Other companies may have relationships with channel partners, distributors, resellers, consulting and systems integration firms and/or network service providers which pose a competitive threat to us. Moreover, other competitors may have deeper expertise in a particular stand-alone technology that develops more quickly than we anticipate. Competitors with greater resources may also be able to offer lower prices, additional products or services or other incentives that we cannot match or do not offer. 
 We may face increased competition from current leaders in IT infrastructure, consumer products, personal and business applications and the software that connects the network infrastructure to those applications. In addition, because the business communications market continues to evolve and technology continues to develop rapidly, we may face competition in the future from companies that do not currently compete against us, but whose current business activities may bring them into competition with us in the future. In particular, this may be the case as business, information technology and communications applications deployed on converged networks become more integrated to support business communications. With respect to services, we may also face competition from companies that seek to sell remotely hosted services or software as a service directly to end customers. Competition from potential market entrants may take many forms, including offering products and solutions similar to those that we offer. In addition, certain of these technologies continue to move from a proprietary environment to an open standards-based environment. 
 We cannot predict which competitors may enter our markets, what forms such competition may take or whether we will be able to respond effectively to new competitors or to the rapid evolution in technology and product development that has characterized our businesses. In addition, in order to effectively compete with any new technology or a new market entrant, we may need to make additional investments in our business, use more capital resources than our business currently requires or reduce prices, any of which may materially and adversely affect our business. 
 Industry consolidation may lead to stronger competition and may harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 There has been a trend toward industry consolidation in the markets in which we compete as companies that provide unified communications are purchasing contact center providers. We expect this trend to continue as companies attempt to strengthen or hold their positions in an evolving market and as companies are acquired or sell businesses because they are unable to continue all or a portion of their operations. Companies that are strategic alliance partners in some areas of our business may acquire or form alliances with our competitors, and reduce their business with us. Furthermore, rapid consolidation, particularly in the value-added reseller VAR and service provider markets, will lead to fewer customers, with the effect that loss of a major customer could have a material impact on our business. 
 Industry consolidation may result in stronger competitors that are better able to compete as sole-source vendors for customers and our partners may turn toward other solutions. This could lead to more variability in our operating results and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Our growth strategy depends on our ability to continue to expand our cloud-based solutions and services offerings and grow our share of the cloud communications market for such offerings through customer acceptance. 
 An important element of our growth strategy is our ability to significantly increase revenues generated from sales of our cloud-based communications solutions and related services. To increase our revenue, we must continue to expand and develop new cloud-based solutions and services offerings as the market rapidly develops and changes. Our cloud enabled unified communications and contact center solutions and services must offer relevant features and provide consistent high-quality services at competitive prices to attract new customers and to migrate existing customers to such solutions and services. While 
 20 

we have entered into a strategic partnership with RingCentral that enhances our cloud-based offerings, there is no assurance that this partnership will provide us with the desired long-term growth opportunities and results as there are a number of dependencies, including customer acceptance of ACO. 
 The cloud communications industry is competitive and rapidly evolving, and we expect competition to increase. The functionality, relevance and customer acceptance of our cloud-based solutions and services will depend, in part, on our ability and our partners' ability to integrate these with third-party applications and platforms, including enterprise collaboration, enterprise resource planning, customer relationship management, human capital management and other proprietary application suites. If we fail to integrate our software with new third-party back-end enterprise applications and platforms used by our customers, we may not be able to offer the functionality that our customers need, which would negatively impact our ability to generate revenue and adversely impact our business. 
 As is typical of any new solution introduced in a rapidly evolving market, the level of demand for, and market acceptance of these new solutions is uncertain. If we successfully expand and develop our cloud-based solutions and services, including, without limitation, Avaya OneCloud Private and Avaya Cloud Office, our business will remain dependent on customer decisions to migrate their legacy communications infrastructures to cloud solutions based on newer technology. While these investment decisions are often driven by macroeconomic factors, customers may also delay the purchase of newer technology due to a range of other factors, including prioritization of other IT projects, delays or failures to meet customers' certification requirements, the weighing of the costs and benefits of deploying new infrastructures and devices and the need to deploy capital to respond to unforeseen circumstances. In addition, customers' focus on the architecture, management and integration of such new technologies, possible cyber breaches and other security considerations could also affect market acceptance of new solutions. If the market for cloud-based communications fails to develop, develops more slowly than we anticipate, or develops in a manner different than we expect, or if we are not able to successfully develop and expand our cloud-based solutions and services offerings, our cloud-based solutions and services could fail to achieve market acceptance, which in turn could impact our growth strategy and materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Our growth strategy depends in part on our reliance on our indirect sales channel. 
 An important element of our go-to-market strategy to expand sales coverage, penetrate new markets and increase market absorption of new solutions is the use of our global network of alliance partners, distributors, dealers, value-added resellers, telecommunications service providers and system integrators, who are collectively referred to as our "channel partners". Our financial results could be adversely affected if our relationships with these channel partners were to deteriorate, if our support pricing or other services strategies conflict with those of our channel partners, if any of our competitors were to enter into strategic relationships with or acquire any of our channel partners, if some or all of our channel partners do not become enabled to sell new solutions and services or if the financial condition of some or all of our channel partners were to weaken. In addition, we may expend time, money and other resources on developing and maintaining channel relationships that are ultimately unsuccessful. Furthermore, despite the benefits of a robust indirect channel, our channel partners have direct contact with our customers, which may foster independent relationships between them and may lead them to sell non-Avaya solutions to certain customers which may result in a loss of business and revenue for us. 
 There can be no assurance that we will be successful in maintaining, expanding or developing relationships with channel partners. If we are not successful, we may lose sales opportunities, customers or market share. Although the terms of individual channel partner agreements may deviate from our standard program terms, our standard program agreements for resellers generally provide for a term of one year with automatic renewals for successive one-year terms and generally may be terminated by either party for convenience upon 30 days' notice. Our standard program agreements for distributors generally may be terminated by either party for convenience upon 90 days' prior written notice. Certain of our contractual agreements with our largest distributors and resellers, however, permit termination of the relationship by either party for convenience upon prior notice of 180 days. In addition, our alliance partners (including RingCentral), distributors and resellers are permitted to work with other vendors, including our competitors, and most of them do so. See Part I, Item 1, "Business-Alliances and Partnerships" to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information on our global channel partner program and the standard terms of our program agreements. 
 We rely on third-party contract manufacturers, component suppliers and partners (some of which are sole source and limited source suppliers) and warehousing and distribution logistics providers. If these relationships are disrupted and we are unable to obtain substitute manufacturers, suppliers or partners, on favorable terms or at all, our business, operating results and financial condition may be harmed. 
 We have outsourced substantially all of our manufacturing operations to several contract manufacturers. Our contract manufacturers produce the vast majority of our products in facilities located in southern China, with other products manufactured in facilities located in Mexico, Taiwan, Germany, Ireland and the U.S. All manufacturing of our products is performed in accordance with detailed specifications and product designs furnished or approved by us and is subject to rigorous quality control standards. We periodically review our product manufacturing operations and consider changes we believe may 
 21 

be necessary or appropriate. Although we closely manage the transition process when manufacturing changes are required, we could experience disruption to our operations during any such transition. Any such disruption could negatively affect our reputation and our operating results. We also purchase certain hardware components and license certain software components and resell them separately or as part of our products under the Avaya brand. In some cases, certain components are available only from a single source or from a limited source of suppliers. These sole source and limited source suppliers may stop selling their components at commercially reasonable prices or at all. Interruptions, delays or shortages associated with these components could cause significant disruption to our operations. We may not be able to make scheduled product deliveries to our customers in a timely fashion. We could incur significant costs to redesign our products or to qualify alternative suppliers, which would reduce our realized margins. We have also outsourced substantially all of our warehousing and distribution logistics operations to several providers of such services on a global basis, and any delays or material changes in such services could cause significant disruption to our operations. If any of our providers of outsourced services were to experience financial difficulty or seek protection under bankruptcy laws it could also affect their ability to perform services for us. 
 In addition, we rely on third parties to provide certain services to us or to our customers, including hosting partners and providers of other cloud-based services. If these third-party providers do not perform as expected, our customers may be adversely affected, resulting in potential liability and negative exposure for us. If it is necessary to migrate these services to other providers due to poor performance, cyber breaches or other security considerations, or other financial or operational factors, it could result in service disruptions to our customers and significant time and expense to us, any of which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Contracting with government entities can be complex, expensive and time-consuming. 
 In fiscal 2021, the Company s revenue from contracts with U.S. federal government entities was approximately 231 million. The procurement process for government entities is in many ways more challenging than contracting in the private sector. We must comply with laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration, performance and pricing of contracts with government entities, including U.S. federal, state and local governmental bodies. These laws and regulations may impose added costs on our business or prolong or complicate our sales efforts, and failure to comply with these laws and regulations or other applicable requirements could lead to claims for damages from our customers, penalties, termination of contracts and other adverse consequences. Any such damages, penalties, disruptions or limitations in our ability to do business with government entities could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Government entities often require highly specialized contract terms that may differ from our standard arrangements. Government entities often impose compliance requirements that are complicated, require preferential pricing or most favored nation terms and conditions, or are otherwise time-consuming and expensive to satisfy. Compliance with these special standards or satisfaction of such requirements could complicate our efforts to obtain business or increase the cost of doing so. Even if we do meet these special standards or requirements, the increased costs associated with providing our solutions to government customers could harm our margins. 
 Business communications solutions are complex, and design defects, errors, failures or "bugs" may be difficult to detect and correct and could harm our reputation, result in significant costs to us and cause us to lose customers. 
 Business communications products are complex, integrating hardware, software and many elements of a customer s existing network and communications infrastructure. Despite testing conducted prior to the release of solutions to the market and quality assurance programs, hardware may malfunction and software may contain "bugs" that are difficult to detect and fix. Any such issues could interfere with the expected operation of a solution, which might negatively impact customer satisfaction, reduce sales opportunities or affect gross margins. 
 Depending upon the size and scope of any such issue, remediation may have a material impact on our business. Our inability to cure an application or product defect, should one occur, could result in the failure of an application or product line, the temporary or permanent withdrawal from an application, product or market, damage to our reputation, an increase in inventory costs, an increase in warranty claims, lawsuits by customers or customers or channel partners end users, or application or product reengineering expenses. Our insurance may not cover or may be insufficient to cover claims that are successfully asserted against us. 
 Intellectual Property and Information Security 
 We are dependent on our intellectual property. If we are not able to protect our proprietary rights or if those rights are invalidated or circumvented, our business may be adversely affected. 
 Our business is primarily dependent on our technology and our ability to innovate in business communications and, as a result, we are reliant on our intellectual property. We generally protect our intellectual property through patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements and other measures to the extent our budget permits. There can be no assurance that patents will be issued from pending applications that we have filed or that our patents will be sufficient to protect our key technology from misappropriation or falling into the public domain, nor can assurances be made that any of 
 22 

our patents, patent applications, trademarks or our other intellectual property or proprietary rights will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented. 
 Preventing unauthorized use or infringement of our intellectual property rights is inherently difficult. Moreover, it may be difficult or practically impossible to detect theft, unauthorized use of our intellectual property or the production and sale of counterfeit versions of our products and solutions. For example, we actively combat software piracy as we enforce our intellectual property rights and we actively pursue counterfeiters and their distributors, but we nonetheless may lose revenue due to illegal or unauthorized use of our software. Such counterfeit sales, to the extent they replace otherwise legitimate sales, could adversely affect our operating results. If piracy activities continue at historical levels or increase, they may further harm our business. Enforcement of our intellectual property rights also depends on our legal actions being successful against these infringers, but these actions may not be successful, even when our rights have been infringed. 
 In addition, our business is global and the level of protection of our proprietary technology varies by country and may be particularly uncertain in countries that do not have well developed judicial systems or laws that adequately protect intellectual property rights. The level of protection afforded to our intellectual property may also be particularly uncertain in countries that require the transfer of technology as a condition to market access. Our partnerships with foreign entities sometimes require us to transfer technology and/or certain intellectual property rights in countries that afford less protection of intellectual property rights than other countries. While we believe such technology and intellectual property transfer requirements have not adversely affected our business, such requirements may change over time and become detrimental to our ability to protect our technology or intellectual property in certain foreign countries. Patent litigation and other challenges to our patents and other proprietary rights are costly and unpredictable and may prevent us from marketing and selling a product in a particular geographic area. Financial considerations also preclude us from seeking patent protection in every country where infringement litigation could arise. Our inability to predict our intellectual property requirements in all geographies and affordability constraints also impact our intellectual property protection investment decisions. If we are unable to protect our proprietary rights, we may be at a disadvantage to others who do not incur the substantial time and expense we incur to create our products. 
 We may be subject to litigation and infringement claims, which could cause us to incur significant expenses or prevent us from selling our products or services. 
 From time to time, we receive notices and claims from third parties asserting that our proprietary or licensed products, systems and software infringe their intellectual property rights. There can be no assurance that the number of these notices and claims will not increase in the future or that we do not in fact infringe those intellectual property rights. Irrespective of the merits of these claims, any resulting litigation could be costly and time consuming and could divert the attention of management and key personnel from other business issues. The complexity of the technology involved and the uncertainty of intellectual property litigation increase these risks. These matters may result in any number of outcomes for us, including entering into licensing agreements, redesigning our products to avoid infringement, being enjoined from selling products or solutions that are found to infringe intellectual property rights of others, paying damages if products are found to infringe and indemnifying customers from infringement claims as part of our contractual obligations. Royalty or license agreements may be very costly and we may be unable to obtain royalty or license agreements on terms acceptable to us or at all which may cause operating margins to decline. 
 In addition, some of our employees previously have been employed at other companies that provide similar products and services. We may be subject to claims that these employees or we have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary information of their former employers. These claims and other claims of patent or other intellectual property infringement against us could materially adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 We have made and will likely continue to make investments to license and/or acquire the use of third-party intellectual property rights and technology as part of our strategy to manage this risk, but there can be no assurance that we will be successful or that any costs relating to such activity will not be material. We may also be subject to additional notice, attribution and other compliance requirements to the extent we incorporate open source software into our applications. In addition, third parties have claimed, and may in the future claim, that a customer s use of our products, systems or software infringes the third-party s intellectual property rights. Under certain circumstances, we may be required to indemnify our customers for some of the costs and damages related to such an infringement claim. Any indemnification requirement could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. Additionally, any insurance that we have may not be sufficient to cover all amounts related to such indemnification. 
 Certain software we use is from open source code sources, which, under certain circumstances, may lead to unintended consequences and, therefore, could materially adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Some of our products contain software from open source code sources. The use of such open source code may subject us to certain conditions, including the obligation to offer our products that use open source code to third parties for no cost. We monitor our use of such open source code to avoid subjecting our products to conditions we do not intend. However, the use of such open source code may ultimately subject some of our products to unintended conditions, which could require us to take 
 23 

remedial action that may divert resources away from our development efforts and, therefore, could materially adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Failure to comply with laws and contractual obligations related to data privacy and protection could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 We are subject to the data privacy and protection laws and regulations adopted by federal, state and foreign governmental agencies, including but not limited to, the European Union's ("EU") General Data Protection Regulation ("EU GDPR") and the United Kingdom's ("UK") General Data Protection Regulation ("UK GDPR," and together with the EU GDPR, "GDPR") and California s Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ). Data privacy and protection is highly regulated and the GDPR imposes obligations on companies, including us, who process personal data of data subjects who are in the EU or UK, regardless of whether or not that processing takes place in the EU or UK. These requirements substantially increase potential liability for all such companies for failure to comply with data protection rules. 
 Privacy laws restrict our storage, use, processing, disclosure, transfer and protection of personal information, including credit card data, provided to us by our customers as well as data we collect from our customers and employees. We strive to comply with all applicable laws, regulations, policies and legal obligations relating to privacy and data protection. Our privacy compliance program is based on our binding corporate rules which have been approved by EU regulatory authorities. As the UK is no longer part of the EU, we have applied for UK binding corporate rules. We endeavor to apply uniform data handling practices, based on GDPR standards, on a global basis throughout all Avaya entities which process personal data, and have signed on to our binding corporate rules. We have dedicated significant time, capital and other resources to craft binding corporate rules that meet the requirements of the GDPR and other laws such as CCPA. Privacy laws and legal requirements relating to the transfer of personal data continue to evolve. Restrictions on the flow of data across borders could increase the cost and complexity of delivering our products and services in some markets. We expect that as privacy laws continue to change and become more prevalent throughout the world, we will be required to dedicate additional resources to ensure continued compliance. 
 From time to time we have notified authorities in the EU and UK of potential personal data breaches and privacy issues, and we keep them appropriately updated. No such disclosure has led to fines in the past and we do not anticipate any disclosure under consideration will lead to fines or other adverse outcomes. If the authorities determine that we have not complied with applicable laws and regulations, we may be subject to fines, penalties and lawsuits, and our reputation may suffer. Fines imposed on other companies by various data privacy regulatory authorities from the EU or UK for violations of the GDPR have been significant in amount. Furthermore, we may be subject to increased scrutiny going forward and we may also be required to make modifications to our data practices that could have an adverse impact on our business. 
 These data privacy risks are particularly relevant and applicable to us as a technology company because we process vast amounts of personal and non-personal data on behalf of our customers and we also host significant and increasing amounts of data in our cloud solutions and in the cloud solutions of other companies. We believe that regulations pertaining to the solicitation, collection, exporting, processing, and/or use of personal, financial, and consumer information will continue to expand globally. In addition, the interpretation and application of existing consumer and data protection laws and industry standards in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere is often uncertain and in flux. The application of existing laws to cloud-based solutions is particularly uncertain and cloud-based solutions may be subject to further regulation, the impact of which cannot be fully understood at this time. Moreover, it is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data and privacy practices. Complying with such laws and regulations may cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business. 
 Contracts with our customers, channel partners and other third parties also subject us to privacy and data protection-related obligations. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with federal, state, or international laws, including laws and regulations regulating privacy, data or consumer protection, or to comply with our contractual obligations related to privacy, could result in proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities, contractual parties or others, which could result in significant liability to us as well as harm to our reputation. Additionally, third parties on which we rely enter into contracts to protect and safeguard our customers' data. Should such parties violate these agreements or suffer a security breach, we could be subject to proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities, contractual parties or others, which could result in significant liability to us as well as harm to our reputation. 
 A breach of the security of our information systems, products or services or of the information systems of our third-party providers could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 We rely on the security of our information systems and, in certain circumstances, those of our third-party providers, such as channel partners, vendors, consultants and contract manufacturers, to protect our proprietary information and information of our customers. In addition, the growth of bring your own device ("BYOD") programs has increased the need for enhanced security measures. IT security system failures, including a breach of our or our third-party providers data security systems, could disrupt our ability to function in the normal course of business by potentially causing, among other things, delays in the 
 24 

fulfillment or cancellation of customer orders, disruptions in the manufacture or shipment of products or delivery of services or an unintentional disclosure of customer, employee or our information. Additionally, despite our security procedures or those of our third-party providers, information systems and our products and services may be vulnerable to threats such as computer hacking, cyber-terrorism or other unauthorized attempts by third parties to access, modify or delete our or our customers proprietary information. 
 We take cybersecurity seriously and devote significant resources and tools to protect our systems, products and data and the data of our customers from intrusions and to ensure compliance with our contractual and regulatory obligations. However, these security efforts are costly to implement and may not be successful. Cyberattacks and similar threats are constantly evolving, increasing the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. Computer malware, viruses, scraping and general hacking have become more prevalent in our industry, have occurred on our systems in the past, and may occur on our systems in the future. There can be no assurance that we will be able to prevent, detect and adequately insure against and address or mitigate cyberattacks or security breaches. We investigate potential data breach issues identified through our security procedures and terminate, mitigate and remediate such issues as appropriate. Past incidents have involved outside actors and issues stemming from certain internal configuration and migration issues of our applications to other platforms. A breach of our systems could have a material adverse effect on our reputation as a provider of business communications products and services and could cause irreparable damage to us or our systems regardless of whether we or our third-party providers are able to adequately recover critical systems following a systems failure, either or both of which could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial conditions. In addition, regulatory or legislative action related to cybersecurity, privacy and data protection worldwide, such as the EU GDPR, which went into effect in May 2018, and the UK GDPR, which went into effect in January 2021, may increase the costs to develop, implement or secure our products and services. We expect cybersecurity regulations to continue to evolve and be costly to implement. Furthermore, we may need to increase or change our cybersecurity systems and expenditures to support expansion of sales into new industry segments or new geographic markets. If we violate or fail to comply with such regulatory or legislative requirements, we could be fined, which fines could be substantial, or otherwise sanctioned. Any such fines or penalties could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 
 
 Global Operations and Regulations 
 Since we operate internationally, operational, logistical, economic and/or political challenges in a specific country or region could negatively affect our revenue, costs, expenses and financial condition or those of our channel partners and distributors. 
 We do business in approximately 190 countries. We conduct significant sales and customer support operations and significant amounts of our R D activities in countries outside of the U.S., and we also depend on non-U.S. operations of our contract manufacturers and our channel partners. For fiscal 2021, we derived 43 of our revenue from sales outside of the U.S., with the most significant portions generated from Germany, the United Kingdom and Canada. In addition, we intend to continue to grow our business internationally. The vast majority of our contract manufacturing also takes place outside the U.S., primarily in southern China. 
 Accordingly, our results could be materially and adversely affected by a variety of uncontrollable and changing factors relating to international business operations, including: 
 economic conditions and geopolitical developments, including trade sanctions, tariffs, changes to significant trading relationships such as the UK s withdrawal from the EU, the negotiation of new or revised international trade agreements and retaliatory efforts from such trade restrictions, constraints and prohibitions, such as the U.S. China trade dispute and the EU's position on humanitarian rights towards countries in the Middle East, Africa and Asian territories; 
 political or social unrest, economic instability or corruption or sovereign debt risks in a specific country or region; 
 laws and regulations, both international and local, related to trade compliance, anti-corruption, anti-bribery, information security, data privacy and protection, labor, the environment, climate change and other topics and requirements; 
 protectionist and local security legislation; 
 difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights, such as protecting against the counterfeiting of our products; 
 less established legal and judicial systems necessary to enforce our rights; 
 relationships with employees and works councils, as well as difficulties in finding qualified employees, including skilled design and technical employees, as companies expand their operations offshore; 
 25 

high levels of inflation and currency fluctuations; 
 unfavorable tax and currency regulations; 
 military conflict, terrorist activities and health pandemics or similar issues; 
 future government shutdowns or uncertainties which could affect the portion of our revenues which comes from the U.S. federal government sector; 
 differing responses to the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 natural disasters, such as earthquakes, hurricanes or floods, anywhere we and/or our channel partners and distributors have business operations; and 
 other matters in any of the countries or regions in which we and our contract manufacturers and business partners currently operate or intend to operate, including in the U.S. 
 Any or all of these factors could materially adversely affect our business, operating results or financial condition. In addition, the various risks inherent in doing business in the U.S. generally also exist when doing business outside of the U.S., and they may be exaggerated by the difficulty of doing business in numerous sovereign jurisdictions due to differences in culture, laws, policies and regulations. Furthermore, our prospective effective tax rate could be adversely affected by, among other things, changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities or changes in tax laws, regulations, accounting principles or interpretations thereof. 
 We rely on third parties to provide certain data hosting services to us or to our customers, and interruptions or delays in those services could harm our business. 
 Our cloud-based solutions rely on uninterrupted connection to the Internet through data centers and networks. To provide such service for our customers, we utilize data center hosting facilities located in the U.S. and the EU, as well as in our Asia Pacific region and our Central America and Latin America regions. We also use facilities provided by Google, Amazon, Microsoft and Equinix as we migrate to cloud solutions. We do not control the operation of these facilities, and they are vulnerable to service interruptions or damage from floods, earthquakes, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures and similar events. They may also be subject to acts of vandalism or terrorism, sabotage, similar misconduct and/or human error. Moreover, if any of these data centers and networks cease operations, we would need to migrate our solutions and our customers to other providers. The occurrence of these or other unanticipated problems at these facilities could result in lengthy interruptions in the ability to use our solutions efficiently or at all, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 If we do not comply with certain telecommunications or other rules and regulations, we could be subject to enforcement actions, fines, loss of licenses and possibly restrictions on our ability to operate or offer certain of our services. 
 Certain of our cloud-based communications and collaboration solutions are regulated in the U.S. by the Federal Communications Commission and various state and local agencies, and across the globe by governments of various foreign countries. Furthermore, we are subject to existing or potential regulations relating to privacy, consumer protection, protection of customer information, disability access, porting of numbers, Universal Service and Telecommunications Relay Service Fund contributions, emergency access, law enforcement intercept, and other requirements. We are required to pay state and local 911 fees and contribute to state universal funds in states that assess interconnected Voice over Internet Protocol VoIP services, and the expansion of telecommunications regulations in the U.S. to our non-interconnected VoIP services could result in additional federal and state regulatory obligations and taxes. In addition, as we continue to grow our business internationally, we will be subject to laws and regulations in the countries where we offer services. Many of these laws and regulations are new, like the European Electronics Communications Code which regulates electronic communications networks and services in the EU, may be subject to differing interpretations, may be inconsistent or conflict with other rules and are constantly evolving in ways that could be harmful to our business and thereby may impact our ability to offer services and our cost to deliver services in these countries. The application and interpretation of these laws and regulations is uncertain, and it is possible that we or our products or solutions may not be compliant with each applicable law or regulation. If we do not comply with applicable federal, state, local and foreign rules and regulations, we could be subject to enforcement actions, fines, loss of licenses and possible restrictions on our ability to operate or offer certain of our solutions or requirements to modify certain solutions, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. Moreover, changes in telecommunications requirements, or regulatory requirements in other industries in which we operate now or in the future, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition, as regulations that may not directly apply to our business, but which do apply to our customers or partners, can also impact our business. 
 Changes in U.S. trade policy, including the imposition of tariffs and the resulting consequences, may have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 26 

There have been significant changes and proposed changes in recent years to U.S. trade policies, tariffs, and treaties affecting imports. For example, the U.S. has imposed supplemental tariffs of up to 25 on certain imports from China, as well as increased tariffs and import restrictions on products imported from various other countries. In response, China and other countries have imposed or proposed additional tariffs on certain exports from the U.S. The U.S. has also recently renegotiated the multilateral trading relationship between the U.S., Canada and Mexico, resulting in the replacement of the North American Free Trade Agreement ("NAFTA") with a new U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement ("USMCA"). Changes in U.S. trade policy have and may continue to result in one or more foreign governments adopting responsive trade policies that make it more difficult or costly for us to do business in or import our products from those countries. This in turn could require us to increase prices to our customers, which may reduce demand, or, if we are unable to increase prices, result in lowering our margin on products sold. 
 We cannot predict the extent to which the U.S. or other countries will impose new or additional quotas, duties, tariffs, taxes or other similar restrictions upon the import or export of our products in the future, nor can we predict future trade policy or the terms of any renegotiated trade agreements and their impact on our business. As new presidential administrations take office they often assess and/or make changes to policies of previous administrations. The adoption and expansion of trade restrictions, the occurrence of a trade war, or other governmental action related to tariffs or trade agreements or policies has the potential to adversely impact demand for our products, our costs, our customers, our suppliers, and the U.S. economy, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Financial Results, Finances and Capital Structure 
 Financial Performance 
 In addition to experiencing some seasonal trends, our quarterly and annual revenues and operating results have historically fluctuated and the results of one period may not provide a reliable indicator of our future performance. 
 Our quarterly and annual revenues and operating results have historically fluctuated and are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected in future periods. Fluctuations in our financial results from period to period are caused by many factors, including, but not limited to, the size and timing of new logos, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, the mix of products sold by us and general economic conditions. In addition, execution of sales opportunities sometimes traverses from the intended fiscal quarter to the next. 
 We also experience some seasonal trends in the sale of our products that also may produce variations in our quarterly results and financial condition. Typically, our second fiscal quarter is our weakest and our fourth fiscal quarter is our strongest. Many of the factors that create and affect seasonal trends are beyond our control. 
 Shifts in the mix of sizes or types of organizations that purchase our solutions or changes in the components of our solutions purchased by our customers could affect our gross margins and operating results. 
 Our gross margins and our operating results can vary depending on numerous factors related to the implementation and use of our solutions, including the sizes and types of organizations that purchase our solutions, the mix of software and hardware they purchase and the level of professional services and support they require. We provide our solutions to a broad range of companies, from small businesses to large multinational enterprises and government organizations. Sales to larger enterprises generally result in greater revenue but may take longer to negotiate and finalize than sales to small businesses. Conversely, sales to small businesses may be faster to execute than sales to larger enterprises, but they may involve greater credit risk and fewer opportunities to sell additional services. Moreover, an important element of our growth strategy is to continue to evolve from a traditional telecommunications hardware company into a software and services company, focused on expanding our cloud- and mobile-enabled contact center, unified communications and innovative next-generation workflow automation solutions. As we increase the proportion of our revenue coming from software solutions as opposed to hardware solutions, we expect to see an improvement in our gross margins and operating results but if we are unsuccessful we might not recognize these gross margin improvements. Overall, if the mix of companies that purchase our solutions, or the mix of solution components purchased by our customers, changes unfavorably, our revenues and gross margins could decrease and our operating results could be harmed. 
 If our goodwill or intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings. 
 At September 30, 2021, the Company had 2,235 million of intangible assets and 1,480 million of goodwill on its Consolidated Balance Sheet. The intangible assets are principally composed of technology and patents, customer relationships, and trademarks and trade names. Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are tested for impairment on an annual basis and also when events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. Intangible assets with determinable lives, which were 1,902 million at September 30, 2021, are tested for impairment only when events or changes in circumstances indicate that an impairment may have occurred. Determining whether an impairment exists can be difficult and requires management to make significant estimates and judgments. Although the Company did not record an impairment charge 
 27 

during fiscal 2021, to the extent that business conditions deteriorate further, or if changes in key assumptions and estimates differ significantly from management's expectations, it may be necessary to record impairment charges in the future. See Note 7, "Goodwill" and Note 8, "Intangible Assets, net" to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 Levels of returns on pension and post-retirement benefit plan assets, changes in interest rates and other factors affecting the amounts to be contributed to fund future pension and post-retirement benefit plan liabilities could adversely affect our cash flows, operating results and financial condition in future periods. 
 We sponsor a number of defined benefit plans for employees in the U.S., Canada, and various foreign locations. Pension and other post-retirement plan costs and required contributions are based upon a number of actuarial assumptions, including an expected long-term rate of return on pension plan assets, level of employer contributions, the expected life span of pension plan beneficiaries and the discount rate used to determine the present value of future pension obligations. Any of these assumptions could prove to be wrong, resulting in a shortfall of our pension and post-retirement benefit plan assets compared to obligations under our pension and post-retirement benefit plans. Future pension funding requirements, and the timing of funding payments, may also be subject to changes in legislation. 
 In addition, our major defined benefit pension plans in the U.S. are funded with trust assets invested in a globally diversified portfolio of securities and other investments. These assets are subject to market fluctuations, will yield uncertain returns and cause volatility in the net periodic benefit cost and future funding requirements of the plans. A decline in the market value of the pension and post-retirement benefit plan assets below our projected return rates will increase the funding requirements under our pension and post-retirement benefit plans if the actual asset returns do not recover these declines in value in the foreseeable future. We are responsible for funding any shortfall of our pension and post-retirement benefit plans assets compared to obligations under the pension and post-retirement benefit plans, and a significant increase in our pension liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 We are exposed to risks inherent in our defined benefit pension plans in Germany. 
 We operate several defined benefit plans in Germany (collectively, the "German Plans") and as of September 30, 2021, the total projected benefit obligation for the German Plans of 488 million exceeded plan assets of 4 million, resulting in an aggregate pension liability for the German Plans of 484 million. Under the German Plans, which were closed to new members in 2006, retirees generally benefit from the receipt of a perpetual annuity at retirement, based on their years of service and ending salary. The total projected benefit obligation is based on actuarial valuations, which themselves are based on assumptions and estimates about the long-term operation of the plans, including mortality rates of members, the performance of financial markets and interest rates. Our funding requirements for future years may increase from current levels depending on the net liability position of these plans. In addition, if the actual experience of the plans differs from our assumptions, the net liability could increase and additional contributions may be required. Changes to pension legislation in Germany may also adversely affect our funding requirements. Increases in the net pension liability or increases in future cash contributions could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, operating results and financial condition. 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 Our degree of leverage could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry and expose us to interest rate risk on our variable rate debt. 
 We have a significant amount of debt outstanding. As of September 30, 2021, we had 1,543 million of loans outstanding under the Term Loan Credit Agreement, 37 million issued and outstanding letters of credit and guarantees under the ABL Credit Agreement, 350 million of 2.25 convertible senior notes due June 15, 2023 (the "Convertible Notes") and 1,000 million of 6.125 senior first lien notes due September 15, 2028 (the "Senior Notes") outstanding (all as defined in Part II, Item 8, Note 11, "Financing Arrangements" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K). In addition, as of September 30, 2021 we could have borrowed an additional 147 million under our ABL Credit Agreement. 
 Our degree of leverage could have consequences, including: 
 increasing our vulnerability to general economic and industry conditions; 
 requiring a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing our ability to use our cash flow to fund our operations, capital expenditures, research and development and future business opportunities; 
 exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates under Avaya Inc. s credit facilities to the extent such facilities have variable rates of interest, as well as to refinancing risks as facilities mature; 
 limiting our ability to make strategic acquisitions and investments; 
 28 

limiting our ability to refinance our indebtedness as it becomes due; and 
 limiting our ability to adjust quickly or at all to changing market conditions and placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who are less highly leveraged. 
 General economic, financial market, competitive, legislative and regulatory factors, among other things, may negatively affect our ability to fund our debt requirements or reduce our debt, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Despite our level of indebtedness, we and our subsidiaries may incur additional indebtedness. The incurrence of additional indebtedness could further exacerbate the risks associated with our degree of leverage. 
 We and our subsidiaries may incur additional indebtedness in the future. Although our Term Loan and ABL Credit Agreements and the indenture for our Senior Notes contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of significant qualifications and exceptions, and any indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. In addition, the indenture for the Convertible Notes does not restrict us from incurring additional debt. To the extent we or our subsidiaries incur additional debt beyond anticipated debt levels, the related risks that we and our subsidiaries face could intensify. 
 Our financing agreements contain restrictions that limit, in certain respects, our flexibility in operating our business. 
 Our financing agreements contain various covenants that limit our ability to engage in specific types of transactions. These covenants limit our and our subsidiaries ability to: 
 incur or guarantee additional debt and issue or sell certain preferred stock; 
 pay dividends on, redeem or repurchase our capital stock; 
 make certain acquisitions or investments; 
 incur or assume certain liens; 
 enter into transactions with affiliates; and 
 sell assets to, or merge or consolidate with, another company. 
 A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under one or more of our debt instruments. 
 We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and our other ongoing liquidity needs, and we may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful. 
 Our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations and to fund our planned capital expenditures, acquisitions and other ongoing liquidity needs depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. In particular, we intend to increase our recurring revenue by shifting more of our business to a subscription-based model. If we successfully increase our subscription revenues, we expect this will result in more of our cash receipts being deferred relative to our historical perpetual license model as payments are spread over a pre-determined time period (e.g., annually) rather than being received upfront, which may defer cash flows needed to service our debt. There can be no assurance that we will maintain a level of cash flow from operating activities in an amount sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. 
 If our cash flow and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, or to seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. These alternative measures may not be successful and we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to try to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations, which may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations when due. If we are unable to repay or otherwise refinance these borrowings and loans when due, the applicable secured lenders could proceed against the collateral pledged to them to secure that indebtedness, which could force us into bankruptcy or liquidation. In the event our lenders accelerate the repayment of our or our subsidiaries borrowings, we and our subsidiaries may not have sufficient assets to repay such indebtedness. 
 A ratings downgrade or other negative action by a ratings organization could adversely affect our cost of capital. 
 Credit rating agencies continually revise their ratings for companies they follow. Any adverse developments in our business and operations could lead to a ratings downgrade for Avaya Holdings Corp., Avaya Inc. or any of our rated debt securities. In addition, the condition of the financial and credit markets and prevailing interest rates have been, and will continue to be, subject to fluctuation. Any fluctuation in our credit rating may impact our ability to access debt markets in the future and that, in addition to changes in interest rates, could increase our cost of future debt which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition and may adversely affect the trading price of shares of our common stock. 
 29 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock, Preferred Stock and Convertible Notes 
 The price of our common stock and/or Convertible Notes may be volatile and fluctuate substantially. 
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and the price for our common stock has historically been volatile. The market price of our common stock, as well as our Convertible Notes (as they are convertible into our common stock), may continue to be highly volatile and may fluctuate substantially due to the following factors (in addition to the other risk factors described in this section): 
 general economic conditions; 
 political dynamics in the countries we operate in; 
 fluctuations in our operating results; 
 high levels of inflation and other decreases in purchasing power; 
 variances in our financial performance from the expectations of equity and/or debt research analysts; 
 conditions and trends in the markets we serve; 
 announcements of significant new services or products by us or our competitors; 
 additions of or changes to key employees; 
 changes in market valuations or earnings of our competitors; 
 trading volumes of our common stock and/or Convertible Notes; 
 future sales of our equity securities and/or future issuances of indebtedness; 
 changes in the estimation of the future sizes and growth rates of our markets; 
 legislation or regulatory policies, practices or actions; 
 hedging or arbitrage trading activity by third parties, including by the counterparties to the note hedge and warrant transactions that we entered into in connection with the issuance of the Convertible Notes; and 
 dilution that may occur upon any conversion of shares of our Series A Preferred Stock or the Convertible Notes or the exercise of the warrants we issued in connection with the issuance of the Convertible Notes. 
 In addition, the stock markets in general have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have at times been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the particular companies affected. These market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of our common stock and/or Convertible Notes irrespective of our operating performance. 
 We currently do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock. 
 We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on shares of our common stock for the foreseeable future. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on operating results, financial condition, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors our board of directors deems relevant. 
 The issuance of shares of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock dilutes the relative voting power and ownership of holders of our common stock and may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 Pursuant to an Investment Agreement, dated as of October 3, 2019, by and between us and RingCentral, we sold 125,000 shares of our newly designated Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Series A Preferred Stock to RingCentral on October 31, 2019 (the Closing ). 
 As of September 30, 2021, the preferred stock held by RingCentral represented approximately 9 of our outstanding common stock on an as-converted basis. The Series A Preferred Stock is convertible at the option of the holder at any time into shares of common stock at an initial conversion price of 16.00 per share, subject to adjustment as set forth in the Certificate of Designations which details the terms and conditions of the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 The holders of our Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, on an as-converted basis, together with holders of our common stock on all matters submitted to a vote of the holders of our common stock. In any such vote, RingCentral's aggregate voting power of the Series A Preferred Stock and other shares of our common stock which may be issued to them under that certain Framework Agreement, dated as of October 3, 2019, by and between Avaya Inc. and RingCentral (the "Framework Agreement"), will be limited, prior to our receipt of an approval by our stockholders as required under New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual Rule 312.03 Stockholder Approval ), to the voting power equivalent to no more than 19.9 of our outstanding common stock. If Stockholder Approval is obtained, this limitation will no longer apply. Notwithstanding that limit, the issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock to RingCentral effectively reduces the relative voting 
 30 

power of the holders of our common stock. The conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock into common stock would dilute the ownership interest of existing holders of our common stock. 
 In addition, pursuant to the Framework Agreement, RingCentral paid Avaya 375 million, predominantly for future fees, as well as for certain licensing rights, and RingCentral will have the right to convert still outstanding amounts into shares of our common stock or our Series A Preferred Stock. The issuance of such additional shares and any sales in the public market of such common stock or the common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. We granted RingCentral customary registration rights in respect of any shares of common stock issued upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock and have filed a registration statement permitting the resale by RingCentral of the common stock underlying the Series A Preferred Stock in compliance with this obligation. As a result, subject to certain exceptions, RingCentral will be able to freely sell the common stock it will hold following conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock. Sales by RingCentral of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales might occur, could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
 Our Series A Preferred Stock has rights, preferences and privileges that are not held by, and are preferential to, the rights of our common stockholders, which could adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. 
 As a holder of our Series A Preferred Stock, RingCentral is entitled to: 
 receive dividends, in preference and priority to holders of our common stock or other series of Company stock, which will accrue on a daily basis at the rate of 3 per annum of the stated value of the Series A Preferred Stock. The stated value of the Series A Preferred Stock is initially 1,000 per share and it will be increased by the sum of any dividends on such shares not paid in cash. These dividends are cumulative, compound quarterly and are paid quarterly in arrears. 
 participate in any dividends we pay on our common stock, equal to the dividend which holders would have received if their Series A Preferred Stock had been converted into common stock on the date such common stock dividend was determined. 
 receive, in the event our Company is liquidated or dissolved, before any distribution is made to holders of our common stock, an amount equal to the liquidation preference (which equals the stated value referenced above plus any accrued and unpaid dividends) for each share of Series A Preferred Stock held. 
 consent rights with respect to certain actions by us, including amending our organizational documents in a manner that would have an adverse effect on the Series A Preferred Stock and issuing securities that are senior to, or equal in priority with, the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 nominate one person for election to our Board of Directors, who our Board of Directors will recommend that our stockholders vote in favor of, until such time when RingCentral and its affiliates hold or beneficially own less than 4,759,339 shares of our common stock (on an as-converted basis). 
 These dividend and share repurchase obligations could impact our liquidity and reduce the amount of cash flows available for working capital, capital expenditures, growth opportunities, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes and could limit our ability to obtain additional financing or increase our borrowing costs, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 In addition, to the extent that we need to amend our organizational documents, whether to seek to raise capital in the form of senior preferred stock or another reason, and RingCentral does not provide its consent to any such issuance or amendment, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and/or liquidity. 
 RingCentral has certain redemption or put rights to require us to repurchase all or any portion of the Series A Preferred Stock for cash. We may not be able to raise the funds necessary to finance such a required repurchase. 
 RingCentral has certain redemption or put rights to require us, to repurchase all or any portion of the Series A Preferred Stock for cash. RingCentral can exercise such redemption rights, upon at least 21 days notice, after the termination of the Framework Agreement or upon the occurrence of certain events. If and to the extent this redemption right is exercised, we would have to purchase each share of Series A Preferred Stock at the per share price equal to the stated value of the Series A Preferred Stock, which is initially 1,000 per share and which will be increased by the sum of any dividends on such shares, plus all accrued but unpaid dividends. 
 It is possible that we would not have sufficient funds to make any required repurchase of Series A Preferred Stock and we may not be able to arrange financing, to pay the repurchase price. 
 The conditional conversion feature of the Convertible Notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results and/or the market for our common stock. 
 In the event the conditional conversion feature of our Convertible Notes is triggered, holders of Convertible Notes will be 
 31 

entitled to convert the Convertible Notes at any time during specified periods at their option. If one or more holders elect to convert their Convertible Notes, unless we elect to satisfy our conversion obligation by delivering solely shares of our common stock (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we would be required to settle a portion or all of our conversion obligation through the payment of cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. If we elect to satisfy this obligation by delivering common stock it would have a dilutive effect on our other stockholders. In addition, even if holders do not elect to convert their Convertible Notes, we could be required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify all or a portion of the outstanding principal of the Convertible Notes as a current rather than long-term liability, which would result in a material reduction of our net working capital. 
 The convertible note hedge and warrant transactions may affect the value of the Convertible Notes and our common stock. 
 In connection with the pricing of the Convertible Notes, we entered into a convertible note hedge ("Bond Hedge") transaction with each of Barclays Bank PLC, Credit Suisse Capital LLC and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (the "Call Spread Counterparties"). The Bond Hedge transactions reduced the potential dilution upon conversion of the Convertible Notes. We also entered into a warrant ("Call Spread Warrant") transaction with each of the Call Spread Counterparties. The Call Spread Warrant transactions could separately have a dilutive effect on our earnings per share to the extent that the market price per share of our common stock exceeds the applicable strike price of the Call Spread Warrants. 
 Each of the Call Spread Counterparties (or an affiliate) may modify its initial hedge position by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our common stock and/or purchasing or selling our common stock or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions following the pricing of the Convertible Notes and prior to the maturity of the Convertible Notes (and is likely to do so during any observation period related to a conversion of the Convertible Notes). This activity could also cause or avoid an increase or a decrease in the market price of our common stock or the Convertible Notes, which could affect the ability to convert the Convertible Notes and, to the extent the activity occurs during any observation period related to a conversion of the Convertible Notes, it could affect the number of shares and value of the consideration that holders of the Convertible Notes will receive upon conversion of the Convertible Notes. 
 Significant exercises of equity awards or warrants or conversion of preferred stock or convertible debt could adversely affect the market price of the Company s common stock. 
 As of September 30, 2021, we had 84,115,602 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. The total number of shares of our common stock issued and outstanding does not include 5,178,288 shares and 5,645,200 shares that may be issued upon the exercise or vesting of equity awards and warrants issued upon emergence from bankruptcy, respectively. In addition, we have the ability to issue an additional 10,750,733 equity awards tied to our common stock under our currently authorized equity incentive plans. Furthermore, the maximum number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of our Convertible Notes is 16,393,440 and our Series A Preferred Stock issued to RingCentral is convertible into 8,150,392 shares of common stock as of September 30, 2021. The exercise of equity awards and warrants and the conversion of our convertible debt instruments and preferred stock could adversely affect the price of the Company s common stock, will reduce the percentage of common stock held by the Company s current stockholders and may cause its current stockholders to suffer significant dilution, which may adversely affect the market. 
 Our governing documents contain provisions which may disadvantage our stockholders, by impeding or discouraging a takeover and limiting stockholders' ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws contain provisions which could impede a merger, takeover or other business combination involving us or discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer for our common stock, which, under certain circumstances, could reduce the market price of our common stock and the value of our preferred stock and Convertible Notes. 
 In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Company s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 This forum selection provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. It is also possible that, notwithstanding the forum selection clause included in our certificate of incorporation, a court could rule that such a provision is inapplicable or unenforceable. 
 General Risk Factors 
 32 

The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have materially affected how we and our customers are operating our businesses and the duration and extent to which this will impact our business, results of operations and financial condition and/or cash flows remains uncertain. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and related public health measures are having a negative impact on regional, national and global economies, disrupting supply chains and reducing international trade and business activity. The pandemic has caused many governments throughout the world to implement stay-at-home orders, quarantines, significant restrictions on travel, social distancing measures including restrictions that prohibit many employees from commuting to their customary work locations and regulations detailing specific return to office conditions, all of which may require these employees to work remotely if possible. Many of these restrictions have remained in place for months and in light of the emergence of new variants, may continue in one fashion or another for the foreseeable future. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has not materially impacted us to date but may affect our operations in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to: 
 Our ability to operate, as well as our partners' and/or customers' ability to operate, has been and may continue to be hindered, which may cause our business and operating results to decline. 
 The inability of our employees to access customers' sites may hinder our ability to offer services that can only be provided on site, as well as our ability to make in person sales visits and demonstrations. 
 Clients and customers have had and may continue to have difficulty meeting their payment obligations to us, resulting in late or non-payment of amounts owed. 
 We may experience significant reductions or volatility in demand for our solutions as customers may not be able to enter into new purchase commitments or otherwise invest in their business due to financial downturns or general economic uncertainty. 
 We may experience temporary or long-term disruptions in our supply chain and increased costs, which may significantly impact our distribution network, results of operations (including sales) or business. 
 To the extent a number of our employees, including our executive officers and other members of our management team, are impacted in significant numbers by the pandemic and are not available to conduct work, our business and operating results may be negatively impacted. 
 We may not be able to ensure business continuity in the event our continuity of operations and crisis management plans are not effective or are improperly implemented. 
 The significant disruption of global financial markets, which has impacted the value of our common stock and could further materially impact the value of our stock in the future, may reduce our ability to access additional capital, which could in the future negatively affect our liquidity and could affect our business in the near and long-term. 
 The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will impact our business, financial performance and liquidity, including our ability to execute our near-term and long-term business strategies and initiatives in the expected time frame, will depend on future developments, including the duration and severity of the pandemic, the emergence of new variants, changes in infection rates, the vaccine participation rate, the effectiveness of vaccines and the speed with which the vaccine can be distributed, as well as regulations and requirements impacting the return to our offices and/or our ability to visit customer sites, none of which can be predicted. Any of the foregoing factors, or other cascading effects of the COVID-19 pandemic that are not currently foreseeable, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. Additionally, as pandemic conditions wane, we cannot predict how quickly the marketplaces in which we operate will return to pre-pandemic levels. 
 Our ability to retain and attract key personnel is critical to the success of our business and execution of our growth strategy. 
 The success of our business depends on the skill, experience and dedication of our employee base. If we are unable to retain and recruit sufficiently experienced and capable employees, including those who can help us increase revenues generated from our cloud-based solutions and services, our business and financial results may suffer. Experienced and capable employees in the technology industry remain in high demand, and there is continual competition for their talents. If executives, managers or other key personnel resign, retire or are terminated, or their service is otherwise interrupted, we may not be able to replace them in a timely manner and we could experience significant declines in productivity and/or errors due to insufficient staffing or managerial oversight. Moreover, turnover of senior management and other key personnel can adversely impact, among other things, our operating results, our customer relationships and lead us to incur significant expenses related to executive transition costs that may impact our operating results. In addition, our ability to adequately staff our R D efforts in the U.S. may be inhibited by COVID-19 and/or changes to U.S. immigration policies that restrain the flow of professional and technical talent. 
 33 

While we strive to maintain our competitiveness in the marketplace, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully retain and attract the employees that we need to achieve our business objectives. 
 Business and/or supply chain interruptions, whether due to catastrophic disasters or other events, could adversely affect our operations. 
 Our operations and those of our contract manufacturers and outsourced service providers are vulnerable to interruption by fire, earthquake, hurricane, flood or other natural disasters, power loss, computer viruses, computer systems failure, telecommunications failure, pandemics, quarantines, national catastrophe, terrorist activities, war and other events beyond our control. For instance, we have operations in the Silicon Valley area of California near known earthquake fault zones, which are vulnerable to damage from earthquakes. Our disaster recovery plans may not be sufficient to address these interruptions. If any disaster were to occur, our ability and the ability of our contract manufacturers and outsourced service providers to operate could be seriously impaired and we could experience material harm to our business, operating results and financial condition. Because our ability to attract and retain customers depends on our ability to provide customers with highly reliable service, even minor interruptions in our operations could harm our reputation as a reliable solutions provider. In addition, the coverage or limits of our business interruption insurance may not be sufficient to compensate for any losses or damages that may occur. 
 In addition, these catastrophic disasters or other events, such as the global shortage of semiconductor chips, could lead to supply chain disruptions, restrictions on our ability to distribute our products and restrictions on our abilities to provide services in the regions affected. Any prolonged and significant supply chain disruption that impacts us or our customers, partners, vendors and/or suppliers, or an inability to provide products or services, would likely impact our sales in the affected region, increase our costs and negatively affect our operating results. For instance, the COVID-19 pandemic, which we saw in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 adversely affected the global economy and financial markets, resulting in an economic downturn that affected demand for our products and services and likely impacted our operating results. Similarly, the decrease in the availability of global shipping has raised freight and shipping costs and there are no assurances that such shipping disruptions and higher logistics costs will not continue or increase, which may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 We may not realize the benefits we expect from our cost-reduction initiatives. 
 From time to time we may initiate cost savings programs designed to streamline operations. As discussed in Part II, Item 7, "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Factors and Trends Affecting Our Results of Operations," we have initiated such programs historically, and we will continue to evaluate similar opportunities to the extent the business need arises. These types of cost-reduction activities are complex. Even if we carry out these strategies in the manner we expect, we may not be able to achieve the efficiencies or savings we anticipate or on the timetables we anticipate. Any expected efficiencies and benefits might be delayed or not realized, and, as a result, our operations and business could be disrupted. Our ability to realize gross margin improvements and other efficiencies expected to result from these initiatives is subject to many risks, including delays in the anticipated timing of activities, lack of sustainability in cost savings over time, unexpected costs associated with operating our business, our success in reinvesting any savings arising from these initiatives, time required to complete planned actions, absence of material issues associated with workforce reductions and avoidance of unexpected disruptions in service. A failure to implement these types of initiatives or realize expected benefits could have an adverse effect on our financial condition that could be material. 
 We are exposed to the credit risk of some of our clients and customers, which may harm our operating results and financial condition. 
 Most of our sales in the U.S. have standard payment terms of 30 days and, because of local customs or conditions, longer in some markets outside the U.S. We believe customer financing is a competitive factor in obtaining business, particularly in serving customers involved in significant infrastructure projects. Our financing arrangements may include not only financing the acquisition of our solutions and services but also providing additional funds for other costs associated with installation and integration of our solutions and services. 
 We have a thorough credit process for extending credit limits to our customers, which considers the financial profile of our end user customers in addition to that of the direct customer, distributor or channel partner. We evaluate numerous factors in extending credit, which may include credit ratings, financial performance and discussions with customers. Notwithstanding that, our exposure to the credit risks relating to our financing activities described above may increase if our customers are adversely affected by periods of economic uncertainty or a global economic downturn. For instance, due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, certain clients and customers have had and may continue to have difficulty meeting their payment obligations to us, resulting in late or non-payment of amounts owed. Although these losses have not been material to date, future losses, if incurred, could harm our business and have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 
 34 

The Company could be subject to changes in its tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or international tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities, which could have a material and adverse impact on the Company s operating results, cash flows and financial condition. 
 The Company is subject to taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions, where a number of the Company s subsidiaries are organized or the Company's solutions and devices are sold. Due to economic and political conditions, tax rates in various jurisdictions including the U.S. may be subject to change. The Company s future effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities and changes in tax laws or their interpretation. 
 If the Company s effective tax rates were to increase, or if the ultimate determination of the Company s taxes owed were for an amount in excess of amounts previously accrued, the Company s operating results, cash flows and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. Any new U.S. or international tax legislation could modify existing rules, limit certain deductions and/or impose new taxes, any of which may have a material and adverse impact on our operating results, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Tax examinations and audits could have a material and adverse impact on the Company s cash flows and financial condition. 
 The Company is subject to the examination of its tax returns and other tax matters by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and other U.S. or foreign tax authorities and governmental bodies. The Company regularly assesses the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from such examinations to determine the adequacy of its provision for taxes. There can be no assurance as to the outcome of any such examinations. 
 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates could negatively impact our operating results, financial condition and cash flows. 
 We are a global company with significant international operations and we transact business in many currencies. The majority of our revenues and expenses are denominated in U.S. dollars. However, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations related to certain revenues and expenses denominated in foreign currencies. Our primary currency exposures relate to net operating expenses denominated in Euro, Indian Rupee and Argentine Peso. These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve and the geographic mix of our business changes. In addition, a portion of our borrowings bears interest at prevailing interest rates based upon the LIBOR Rate plus an applicable margin. Therefore, we are subject to risk from changes in interest rates on the variable component of the rate. From time to time we use derivative instruments to hedge foreign currency risks associated with certain monetary assets and liabilities, primarily accounts receivable, accounts payable and certain intercompany obligations, as well as to hedge risks associated with changes in interest rates. The measures we have taken to help mitigate these risks are discussed in Part II, Item 7A, "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk," of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. However, any attempts to hedge against foreign currency exchange rate and/or interest rate fluctuation risk may be unsuccessful and result in an adverse impact to our operating results, financial condition and cash flows. 
 If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting, our operating results and our ability to operate our business could be harmed. 
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires that we establish and maintain internal control over financial reporting and we are also required to establish disclosure controls and procedures under applicable Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") rules. An effective internal control environment is necessary to enable us to produce reliable financial reports and is an important component of our efforts to prevent and detect financial reporting errors and fraud. Management is required to provide an annual assessment on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and our independent registered public accounting firm is also required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Our and our auditor s testing may reveal significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses and render our internal control over financial reporting ineffective. In the past, these assessments and similar reviews have led to the discovery of material weaknesses, all of which have been remediated. However, no assurance can be given that we will not discover material weaknesses in the future. In addition, the effectiveness of an internal control system is inherently limited and we cannot assure you that our internal controls will prevent or detect every misstatement or omission. We have incurred and we expect to continue to incur substantial accounting and auditing expense and expend significant management time in complying with the requirements of Section 404. 
 If we are not able to comply with the requirements of Section 404, or if we or our independent registered public accounting firm identify deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses: 
 we could fail to meet our financial reporting obligations; 
 our reputation may be adversely affected and our business and operating results could be harmed; 
 35 

the market price of our stock could decline; and 
 we could be subject to litigation and/or investigations or sanctions by the SEC, the New York Stock Exchange or other regulatory authorities. 
 If securities or industry analysts discontinue publishing research or reports about our business, or publish negative reports about our business, our share price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us, our business, our market and our competitors. We do not have any control over these analysts. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our shares or change their opinion of our shares, our share price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause our share price or trading volume to decline. 
 36 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 As of September 30, 2021, we had 117 leased facilities located in 59 countries. These included 7 primary research and development facilities located in Canada, Czech Republic, India, Ireland, Israel, Italy and the U.S. Our real property portfolio consists of aggregate floor space of 1.5 million square feet, substantially all of which is leased. Our lease terms range from monthly leases to 8 years. We believe that all of our facilities are in good condition and are well maintained. Our facilities are used for the current operations of both of our operating segments. For additional information regarding obligations under operating leases, see Note 5, "Leases," to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 The information concerning legal proceedings set forth under Note 22, "Commitments and Contingencies," to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, is incorporated by reference in response to this item. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 37 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 The common stock of Avaya Holdings Corp. are listed on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") and began trading on the NYSE on January 17, 2018, under the symbol "AVYA." 
 Number of Holders of Common Stock 
 The number of record holders of the common stock as of October 31, 2021 was 152. That number does not include the beneficial owners of shares held in "street" name or held through participants in depositories, such as The Depository Trust Company. 
 Dividends 
 No dividends were paid by Avaya Holdings Corp. on its common stock over the past three fiscal years and the Company does not anticipate paying cash dividends on its common stock in the foreseeable future. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer 
 The following table provides information with respect to purchases by the Company of shares of common stock during the three months ended September 30, 2021: 
 Period Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share (or Unit) (4) 
 Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares (or Units) That May Yet Be Purchased Under Plans or Programs (2)(3) 
 July 1 - 31, 2021 198,608 25.2600 198,608 157,456,592 August 1 - 31, 2021 354,640 21.2856 273,488 151,559,742 September 1 - 30, 2021 227,398 19.7290 206,778 147,473,425 Total 780,646 21.8433 678,874 
 (1) August and September 2021 include 81,152 and 20,620 shares of common stock withheld for taxes on restricted stock units that vested, respectively. 
 (2) The Company maintains a warrant repurchase program authorizing it to repurchase the Company's outstanding warrants to purchase shares of the Company's common stock for an aggregate expenditure of up to million. The repurchases may be made from time to time in the open market, through block trades or in privately negotiated transactions. 
 (3) The Company maintains a share repurchase program authorizing it to repurchase the Company's common stock for an aggregate expenditure of up to 500 million. The repurchases may be made from time to time in the open market, through block trades or in privately negotiated transactions. Share repurchases presented in the table above are based on the transaction settlement date. 
 (4) Average price paid per share includes transaction costs associated with the repurchases. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 38 

Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total return on our common stock for the period from December 19, 2017, the date the common stock began trading, through September 30, 2021, with the total return over the same period on the Russell 2000 Index and the NASDAQ Computer Index. The graph assumes that 100 was invested on December 19, 2017 in the Company's common stock and in each of the indices and assumes reinvestment of dividends, if any. The graph is based on historical data and is not necessarily indicative of future price performance. 
 12/19/17 12/29/17 03/29/18 06/29/18 09/28/18 12/31/18 03/29/19 06/28/19 09/30/19 Avaya Holdings Corp. 100.00 106.69 136.17 122.07 134.59 88.51 102.31 72.40 62.19 Russell 2000 Index 100.00 99.92 99.52 106.92 110.40 87.75 100.19 101.94 99.13 NASDAQ Computer Index 100.00 98.21 100.68 107.76 116.13 94.59 112.28 116.62 121.79 12/31/19 03/31/20 06/30/20 09/30/20 12/31/20 03/31/21 06/30/21 09/30/21 Avaya Holdings Corp. 82.07 49.18 75.14 92.41 116.41 170.40 163.53 120.30 Russell 2000 Index 108.57 75.03 93.79 98.11 133.90 150.90 157.37 150.51 NASDAQ Computer Index 142.21 125.93 167.07 187.82 219.94 227.99 259.78 264.24 
 This Performance Graph shall not be, or deemed to be, incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. In addition, the Performance Graph will not be deemed to be "soliciting material" or to be "filed" with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, other than as provided in Regulation S-K, or to the liabilities of section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent that the Company specifically requests that such information be treated as soliciting material or specifically incorporates it by reference into a filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 39 

Item 6. None. 
 
 40 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 This "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes thereto included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The matters discussed in this "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" contain certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties. See the "Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements" above and Part 1, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding forward-looking statements and the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. 
 Overview 
 Avaya is a global leader in digital communications products, solutions and services for businesses of all sizes delivering its technology predominantly through software and services. We enable organizations around the globe to succeed by creating intelligent communications experiences for our clients, their employees and their customers. Avaya builds innovative open, converged unified communications and collaboration ("UCC") and contact center ("CC") solutions to enhance and simplify communications and collaboration in the cloud, on-premise or a hybrid of both. Our global, experienced team of professionals delivers award-winning services from initial planning and design, to seamless implementation and integration, to ongoing managed operations, optimization, training and support. 
 Avaya shifted its entire comprehensive portfolio of capabilities to Avaya OneCloud, which offers significant capabilities across contact center (OneCloud CCaaS), unified communications and collaboration (OneCloud UCaaS), and communications platform as a service (OneCloud CPaaS). We believe the Avaya OneCloud open, composable platform approach uniquely positions us to address a customer s needs in creating a Digital Workplace for their campus-based and remote employees through Unified Communications and Collaboration and the Customer Experience Center, our name for contact centers, helping clients deliver tangible business results. 
 Avaya also offers one of the broadest portfolios of business devices in the industry, including handsets, video conferencing units and headsets to meet the needs of every type of worker across a customer s organization and help our customers get the most out of their communications investments. Avaya IP-enabled handsets, multimedia devices and conferencing systems enhance collaboration and productivity, and position organizations to incorporate future technological advancements. 
 Our business has two operating segments: Products Solutions and Services. 
 Products Solutions 
 Products Solutions encompasses our UCC and CC software platforms, applications and devices. 
 Avaya OneCloud UCaaS solutions enable organizations to reimagine collaborative work environments and help companies increase employee productivity, improve customer service and reduce costs. With Avaya OneCloud UCaaS, organizations can provide their workers with a single app for all-channel calling, messaging, meetings and team collaboration with the same ease of use as existing consumer apps. Avaya embeds communications directly into the apps, browsers and devices employees use every day, giving them a more natural, efficient and flexible way to connect, engage, respond and share where and how they want. During fiscal 2021, we expanded our portfolio to include new cloud-based solutions, and we continued integrating Artificial Intelligence ("AI") to create enhanced user experience and improve performance. 
 Avaya OneCloud CCaaS solutions: Avaya s industry-leading digital contact center solutions enable clients to build a customized portfolio of applications to drive stronger customer engagement and higher customer lifetime value. Our reliable, secure and scalable communications solutions include voice, email, chat, social media, video, performance management and third-party integration that can improve customer service and help companies compete more effectively. Avaya is delivering OneCloud CCaaS solutions for cloud deployment and, in fiscal 2021, we continued to aggressively integrate AI, machine learning and leading-edge cybersecurity capabilities into our portfolio, providing our clients a deeper understanding of their customers needs with a robust and secure platform. 
 Avaya OneCloud CPaaS combines the cloud with our communications platforms, providing a development platform and the application programming interfaces that enable developers to easily integrate both UCC and CC communications capabilities directly into internal and customer-facing applications and workflows. Organizations can quickly deliver modular, composable applications ("apps") and experiences that meet ever-changing customer and operational needs. 
 
 41 

Services 
 Complementing our product and solutions portfolio is a global, award-winning services portfolio, delivered by Avaya and our extensive partner ecosystem. Our services portfolio, which includes solution upgrades and provides new technology through our Avaya OneCloud subscription offerings, consists of: 
 Global Support Services provide offerings that help businesses protect their technology investments and address the risk of system outages. We help our customers gain a competitive edge through proactive problem prevention, rapid resolution and continual solution optimization. Global support services also provide software solutions delivered through a subscription model to provide our customers an improved user experience and solution enhancements. Most of our global support services revenue is recurring in nature. 
 Enterprise Cloud and Managed Services enable customers to take advantage of our technology via the cloud, on-premise, or a hybrid of both, depending on the solution and the needs of the customer. Most of our enterprise cloud and managed services revenue is recurring in nature and based on multi-year services contracts. 
 Professional Services enable our customers to take full advantage of their IT and communications solution investments to drive measurable business results. Our experienced consultants and engineers partner with customers along each step of the solution lifecycle to deliver services that add value and drive business transformation. Most of our professional services revenue is non-recurring in nature. 
 With these comprehensive services, customers can leverage communications technology to help them maximize their business results. We help our customers use communications to minimize the risk of outages, drive employee productivity and deliver a differentiated customer experience. 
 Our services teams also help our customers transition at their desired pace to next-generation communications solutions. Customers can choose the level of support for their communications solutions best suited for their needs, which may include deployment, training, monitoring, solution management, optimization and more. Our systems and service team s performance monitoring can quickly identify and address issues before they arise. Remote diagnostics and resolutions focus on fixing existing problems and avoiding potential issues in order to help our customers save time and reduce the risk of an outage. 
 Factors and Trends Affecting Our Results of Operations 
 There are several trends and uncertainties affecting our business. Most importantly, we are dependent on general economic conditions, the willingness of our customers to invest in technology and the manner in which our customers procure such technology and services. 
 Industry Trends 
 UCC, CC and CPaaS are converging to become part of an integrated services offering delivering next-generation communications capabilities across a host of devices and channels. 
 Preference for cloud delivery of applications and management of multiple and varied devices continues to grow, all of which must be handled with the security that business demands. 
 The Experience Economy continues to grow. The Experience Economy is based on the concept that experience is a key source of value it is a differentiator that creates competitive advantage for products and services. As consumers embrace new technologies and devices in creative ways and at an accelerating pace, Avaya is continuing to invest in AI-powered solutions delivered through cloud and subscription models to create Experiences that Matter for customers, employees and agents. This increased adoption and deployment of AI is providing significant new opportunities for enhanced UCC and CC solutions that improve the customer experience and transform the Digital Workplace. 
 Coronavirus ("COVID-19") Update 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had widespread and unprecedented impacts on regional, national and global economies. The COVID-19 pandemic and its related economic effects have not had a material impact on our business or liquidity. However, the ultimate impact of the pandemic on our business, including our ability to execute our near-term and long-term business strategies and initiatives in the expected time frame, will depend on future pandemic related developments, including the duration and severity of the pandemic, the implementation or re-implementation of governmental and employer requirements to limit the spread of the virus, the speed with which vaccines can be distributed globally, the pace of acceptance of the vaccine by the public and the emergence of new variants, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. 
 Our focus throughout the pandemic has been and remains on promoting employee health and safety, serving our customers and ensuring business continuity. 
 42 

We believe that the current macroeconomic environment caused by the COVID-19 pandemic has accelerated a developing trend in the way people work, with more employees working remotely, and believe this could increase demand for certain of the Company's products and services. 

Financial Results Summary 
 Fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 compared with the Fiscal year ended September 30, 2020 
 The section below provides a comparative discussion of our consolidated results of operations between fiscal 2021 and 2020. See Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020 filed on November 25, 2020 for comparative discussion of our consolidated results of operations between fiscal 2020 and 2019. 
 The following table displays our consolidated net loss for the periods indicated: 
 Fiscal years ended September 30, (In millions) 2021 2020 REVENUE Products 992 1,073 Services 1,981 1,800 2,973 2,873 COSTS Products: Costs 398 405 Amortization of technology intangible assets 173 174 Services 752 714 1,323 1,293 GROSS PROFIT 1,650 1,580 OPERATING EXPENSES Selling, general and administrative 1,053 1,013 Research and development 228 207 Amortization of intangible assets 159 161 Impairment charges 624 Restructuring charges, net 30 30 1,470 2,035 OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) 180 (455) Interest expense (222) (226) Other income, net 44 63 INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES 2 (618) Provision for income taxes (15) (62) NET LOSS (13) (680) 

Revenue 
 Revenue for fiscal 2021 was 2,973 million compared to 2,873 million for fiscal 2020. The increase was primarily driven by higher revenue from the Company's subscription and OneCloud Private offerings; revenue growth from the Company's Avaya Cloud Office offering which launched on March 31, 2020; and the favorable impact of foreign currency exchange rates, partially offset by lower demand for the Company's on-premise product solutions, hardware maintenance and software support services as customers transition to our subscription and cloud solutions. Revenue for fiscal 2021 also includes a 15 million out-of-period adjustment to record revenue for certain performance obligations satisfied in prior periods. See Note 1 "Background and Basis of Presentation" included within Part II Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 43 

The following table displays revenue and the percentage of revenue to total sales by operating segment for the periods indicated: 
 Percentage of Total Revenue Yr. to Yr. Percentage Change Yr. to Yr. Percentage Change, net of Foreign Currency Impact Fiscal years ended September 30, Fiscal years ended September 30, (In millions) 2021 2020 2021 2020 Products Solutions 992 1,074 33 37 (8) (9) Services 1,982 1,805 67 63 10 9 Unallocated amounts (1) (6) (1) 
 (1) 
 Total revenue 2,973 2,873 100 100 3 2 
 (1) Not meaningful 
 Products Solutions revenue for fiscal 2021 was 992 million compared to 1,074 million for fiscal 2020. The decrease was primarily attributable to lower demand for the Company's on-premise product solutions; and higher revenue from the fulfillment of certain obligations related to a new government contract in the prior period, partially offset by revenue from the Company's Avaya Cloud Office offering which launched on March 31, 2020; the impact of the out-of-period adjustment described above; and the favorable impact of foreign currency exchange rates. 
 Services revenue for fiscal 2021 was 1,982 million compared to 1,805 million for fiscal 2020. The increase was primarily driven by higher revenue from the Company's subscription and OneCloud Private offerings; revenue from implementation services related to a government contract signed in fiscal 2020; and the favorable impact of foreign currency exchange rates, partially offset by the planned declines in hardware maintenance and software support services which continue to face headwinds driven by lower new product sales over the past several years. 
 Unallocated amounts for fiscal 2021 and 2020 represent the fair value adjustment to deferred revenue recognized upon emergence from bankruptcy in December 2017 which is excluded from segment revenue. 
 44 

The following table displays revenue and the percentage of revenue to total sales by location for the periods indicated: 
 Percentage of Total Revenue Yr. to Yr. Percentage Change Yr. to Yr. Percentage Change, net of Foreign Currency Impact Fiscal years ended September 30, Fiscal years ended September 30, (In millions) 2021 2020 2021 2020 U.S. 1,704 1,640 57 57 4 4 International: 
 Europe, Middle East and Africa 732 714 25 25 3 Asia Pacific 
 297 296 10 10 (2) Americas International - Canada and Latin America 240 223 8 8 8 5 Total International 1,269 1,233 43 43 3 Total revenue 2,973 2,873 100 100 3 2 
 Revenue in the U.S. for fiscal 2021 was 1,704 million compared to 1,640 million for fiscal 2020. The increase in U.S. revenue was mainly driven by higher revenue from the Company's subscription and OneCloud Private offerings; and revenue growth from the Company's Avaya Cloud Office offering which launched on March 31, 2020, partially offset by lower demand for the Company's on-premise product solutions, hardware maintenance and software support services. 
 Revenue in Europe, Middle East and Africa ("EMEA") for fiscal 2021 was 732 million compared to 714 million for fiscal 2020. The increase in EMEA was mainly driven by higher revenue from the Company's subscription and OneCloud Private offerings; revenue growth from the Company's Avaya Cloud Office offering; and the favorable impact of foreign currency exchange rates, partially offset by lower demand for the Company's on-premise product solutions, hardware maintenance and software support services. 
 Revenue in Asia Pacific ("APAC") for fiscal 2021 was 297 million compared to 296 million for fiscal 2020. The increase in APAC revenue was primarily attributable to higher revenue from the Company's subscription and OneCloud Private offerings; revenue growth from the Company's Avaya Cloud Office offering; and the favorable impact of foreign currency exchange rates, partially offset by lower demand for the Company's on-premise product solutions, hardware maintenance and software support services. 
 Revenue in Americas International for fiscal 2021 was 240 million compared to 223 million for fiscal 2020. The increase in Americas International revenue was primarily driven by higher revenue from the Company's subscription offerings; higher revenue from the Company's professional services; and the favorable impact of foreign currency exchange rates, partially offset by lower demand for the Company's hardware maintenance and software support services. 
 Gross Profit 
 The following table sets forth gross profit and gross margin by operating segment for the periods indicated: 
 Gross Margin Change Fiscal years ended September 30, Fiscal years ended September 30, Amount Percent (In millions) 2021 2020 2021 2020 Products Solutions 594 669 59.9 62.3 (75) (11) Services 1,230 1,092 62.1 60.5 138 13 Unallocated amounts (174) (181) (1) (1) 7 (1) Total 1,650 1,580 55.5 55.0 70 4 
 (1) Not meaningful 
 
 Products Solutions gross profit for fiscal 2021 was 594 million compared to 669 million for fiscal 2020. The decrease was mainly attributable to the decline in revenue described above. Products Solutions gross margin decreased from 62.3 in fiscal 2020 to 59.9 in fiscal 2021 mainly driven by increase in cloud and partner costs, as well as an unfavorable product mix primarily due to a shift in consumption of higher margin on-premise software from a perpetual license model to a subscription model, which is reflected within our Services segment. 
 45 

Services gross profit for fiscal 2021 was 1,230 million compared to 1,092 million for fiscal 2020. The increase was mainly driven by the growth in revenue described above. Services gross margin increased from 60.5 in fiscal 2020 to 62.1 in fiscal 2021 mainly due to the favorable impact of higher revenue from the Company's subscription offerings, partially offset by higher third party expenses. 
 Unallocated amounts for fiscal 2021 and 2020 include the amortization of technology intangibles and fair value adjustments recognized upon emergence from bankruptcy which are excluded from segment gross profit. 
 Operating Expenses 
 The following table sets forth operating expenses and the percentage of operating expenses to total revenue for the periods indicated: 
 Percentage of Total Revenue Change Fiscal years ended September 30, Fiscal years ended September 30, Amount Percent (In millions) 2021 2020 2021 2020 Selling, general and administrative 
 1,053 1,013 35.4 35.3 40 4 Research and development 
 228 207 7.7 7.2 21 10 Amortization of intangible assets 
 159 161 5.3 5.6 (2) (1) Impairment charges 
 624 21.7 (624) (100) Restructuring charges, net 
 30 30 1.0 1.0 Total operating expenses 
 1,470 2,035 49.4 70.8 (565) (28) 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses for fiscal 2021 were 1,053 million compared to 1,013 million for fiscal 2020. The increase was primarily attributable to higher channel compensation; higher share-based compensation expense; higher costs for employee benefits; and the unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange rates, partially offset by advisory fees incurred in prior period associated with executing the strategic partnership with RingCentral; lower expense for expected credit losses; and lower travel and facility related costs as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Research and development expenses for fiscal 2021 were 228 million compared to 207 million for fiscal 2020. The increase was primarily attributable to investments in cloud technology development. 
 Amortization of intangible assets for fiscal 2021 was 159 million compared to 161 million for fiscal 2020. 
 Impairment charges for fiscal 2020 were 624 million. During fiscal 2020, the Company performed an interim impairment test of its goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets due to (i) the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the macroeconomic environment which led to revisions to the Company's long-term forecast during the second quarter of fiscal 2020 and (ii) the sustained decrease in the Company's stock price at the beginning stages of the pandemic which was caused by the resulting volatility in the financial markets. The results of the Company's interim goodwill impairment test indicated that the estimated fair value of the Company's Services reporting unit exceeded its carrying amount. The carrying amount of the Company's Products Solutions reporting unit exceeded its estimated fair value primarily due to a reduction in the Company's long-term forecast to reflect increased risk from higher market uncertainty and the accelerated reduction of product sales related to the Company's historical on-premises perpetual licenses with a continued shift and acceleration of customers upgrading and acquiring new technology innovation through the utilization of the Company's subscription offering, which is included in the Services reporting unit. As a result, the Company recorded a goodwill impairment charge of 624 million to write down the full carrying amount of the Products Solutions goodwill. The results of the indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment test indicated that no impairment existed. The Company performed its annual impairment test for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets in fiscal 2021 and determined that no impairment existed. 
 Restructuring charges, net, were 30 million for both fiscal 2021 and 2020. Restructuring charges during fiscal 2021 consisted of 19 million for employee severance actions and 11 million for facility exit costs primarily in the U.S. and EMEA. Restructuring charges during fiscal 2020 consisted of 24 million for facility exit costs primarily in the U.S. and 6 million for employee severance actions in EMEA. 
 Operating Income 
 Operating income for fiscal 2021 was 180 million compared to an operating loss of 455 million for fiscal 2020. Our operating results for fiscal 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020 reflect, among other things, the following items which are described in more detail above: 
 higher revenue and gross profit for fiscal 2021; 
 46 

higher selling, general and administrative expenses and research and development costs in fiscal 2021; and 
 a 624 million goodwill impairment charge during fiscal 2020 with no comparable charge during fiscal 2021. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense for fiscal 2021 was 222 million compared to 226 million for fiscal 2020. The decrease was mainly driven by lower debt issuance costs and lower average principal amounts outstanding in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 as a result of the changes in the Company s debt portfolio described in the Liquidity and Capital Resources section below, partially offset by higher average interest rates primarily attributable to the issuance of the Company s Senior 6.125 First Lien Notes (the "Senior Notes") in September 2020 . 
 Other Income, Net 
 Other income, net for fiscal 2021 was 44 million as compared to 63 million for fiscal 2020. The decrease was mainly driven by gains on the sale of all the Company's RingCentral shares during fiscal 2020, partially offset by a non-cash settlement gain recorded during fiscal 2021 related to the Company's other post-retirement plan; and the net impact of foreign currency gains (losses). 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 The provision for income taxes was 15 million for fiscal 2021 compared to 62 million for fiscal 2020. 
 The Company's effective income tax rate for fiscal 2021 differed from the U.S. federal tax rate by 729 or 15 million principally related to deferred taxes (including losses) for which no benefit was recorded because it is more likely than not that the tax benefits would not be realized; and certain nondeductible expenses. 
 The Company's effective income tax rate for fiscal 2020 differed from the U.S. federal tax rate by 31 or 192 million principally related to the goodwill impairment charge recorded in the second quarter of fiscal 2020 and deferred taxes (including losses) for which no benefit was recorded because it is more likely than not that the tax benefits would not be realized. 
 Net Loss 
 Net loss was 13 million for fiscal 2021 compared to 680 million for fiscal 2020 as a result of the items discussed above. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We expect our existing cash balance, cash generated by operations and borrowings available under our ABL Credit Agreement to be our primary sources of short-term liquidity. Our ability to meet our cash requirements will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future, which is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. Based on our current level of operations, we believe these sources will be adequate to meet our liquidity needs for at least the next twelve months. 
 Cash Flow Activity 
 The following table provides a summary of the statements of cash flows for the periods indicated: 
 Fiscal years ended September 30, (In millions) 2021 2020 Net cash provided by (used for): Operating activities 30 147 Investing activities (117) 314 Financing activities (142) (489) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 3 Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash (229) (25) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period 731 756 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period 502 731 
 Operating Activities 
 Cash provided by operating activities for fiscal 2021 and 2020 was 30 million and 147 million, respectively. The decrease was primarily due to higher incentive compensation payments; and the timing of customer cash payments as the Company continues its rapid transition to a cloud and subscription model, partially offset by higher advisory fees incurred in the prior 
 47 

year period associated with executing the strategic partnership with RingCentral; the timing of vendor payments; lower income tax payments; and lower interest payments. 
 Investing Activities 
 Cash used for investing activities for fiscal 2021 was 117 million compared to cash provided by investing activities of 314 million for fiscal 2020. The change was primarily due to proceeds in the prior year period from the sale of shares of RingCentral common stock, which were received by the Company upon entry into the strategic partnership in October 2019, partially offset by an increase in capital expenditures and an asset acquisition in fiscal 2021. 
 Financing Activities 
 Cash used for financing activities for fiscal 2021 and 2020 was 142 million and 489 million, respectively. The decrease was primarily due to lower repurchases of shares of common stock under the Company's share repurchase program; lower principal prepayments under the Term Loan Credit Agreement; higher proceeds from the Employee Stock Purchase Plan which was introduced in June 2020; and higher proceeds from the exercise of stock options, partially offset by the issuance of Series A Preferred Stock to RingCentral upon entry into the strategic partnership and higher debt issuance costs in the prior year period as a result of the issuance of the Company's Senior Notes and its Term Loan Credit Agreement refinancing in September 2020 described in more detail below. 
 Senior Notes Issuance 
 On September 25, 2020, the Company issued 1,000 million in aggregate principal amount of its Senior Notes. The Senior Notes were issued under an indenture, among the Company, the Company's subsidiaries that guaranteed the Senior Notes on the issuance date and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee and notes collateral agent. The Senior Notes mature on September 15, 2028. The Company used the net proceeds from the issuance of the Senior Notes after debt issuance costs to prepay 981 million in principal amount of certain first lien term loans under its Term Loan Credit Agreement. 
 Term Loan Credit Agreement Refinancing 
 On September 25, 2020, the Company amended the Term Loan Credit Agreement, pursuant to which the maturity of 800 million in principal amount of the first lien term loans outstanding under the Term Loan Credit Agreement was extended from December 2024 to December 2027. The amendment also made certain other changes to the Term Loan Credit Agreement, including with respect to the change of control provisions. 
 On February 24, 2021, the Company further amended the Term Loan Credit Agreement, pursuant to which the Company prepaid, replaced and refinanced all first lien term loans due December 2024 outstanding under the Term Loan Credit Agreement with 100 million in cash and 743 million in principal amount of new first lien term loans due December 2027. 
 ABL Credit Agreement Refinancing 
 On September 25, 2020, the Company also amended its ABL Credit Agreement to, among other things, extend its maturity to September 25, 2025, subject to customary adjustments to the extent certain of the Company's indebtedness matures prior to such date. The total commitments under the ABL Credit Agreement were also reduced from 300 million to 200 million, subject to borrowing base availability. 
 As of September 30, 2021, the Company was in compliance with all covenants and other requirements under its debt agreements. 
 See Note 11, "Financing Arrangements," and Note 12, "Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities," to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further details about our financing arrangements and hedging activities, including summaries of the material provisions of the Company's Term Loan Credit Agreement, ABL Credit Agreement, Senior Notes, Convertible Notes and interest rate swap agreements. 
 Future Cash Requirements 
 Our primary future cash requirements will be to fund operations, debt service, capital expenditures, benefit obligations and restructuring payments. In addition, we may use cash in the future to make strategic acquisitions or investments. 
 Specifically, we expect our primary cash requirements for fiscal 2022 to be as follows: 
 Debt service We expect to make payments of approximately 185 million to 190 million during fiscal 2022 in interest associated with the Term Loan Credit Agreement, Senior Notes and Convertible Notes, and fees associated with our ABL Credit Agreement. In the ordinary course of business, we may from time to time borrow and repay amounts under our ABL Credit Agreement. 
 Capital expenditures We expect to spend approximately 110 million to 115 million for capital expenditures during fiscal 2022. 
 48 

Benefit obligations We estimate we will make payments under our pension and post-retirement benefit obligations of approximately 37 million during fiscal 2022. These payments include 26 million for our non-U.S. benefit plans, which are predominantly not pre-funded, and 11 million for salaried and represented retiree post-retirement benefits. As a result of the American Rescue Plan Act, we do not expect to make any contributions to satisfy the minimum statutory funding requirements of our U.S. qualified pension plans during fiscal 2022. See discussion in Note 15, "Benefit Obligations," to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further details. 
 Restructuring payments We expect to make payments of approximately 20 million during fiscal 2022 for employee separation costs and lease termination obligations associated with restructuring actions. The Company continues to evaluate opportunities to streamline its operations and identify additional cost savings globally. 
 In addition to the matters identified above, in the ordinary course of business, the Company is involved in litigation, claims, government inquiries, investigations and proceedings relating to intellectual property, commercial, employment, environmental and regulatory matters, including but not limited to a suit filed by Solaborate Inc. and Solaborate LLC described in Note 22, Commitments and Contingencies to our Consolidated Financial Statements. An unfavorable resolution in this or other matters could have a material adverse effect on the Company's future cash requirements. 
 We and our subsidiaries and affiliates may from time to time seek to repurchase or prepay our outstanding equity (common stock and warrants) and/or debt (including our Term Loans, Senior Notes and Convertible Notes) through cash purchases and/or exchanges, in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, tender offers, redemptions or otherwise. Such repurchases or exchanges, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. 
 Future Sources of Liquidity 
 We expect our cash balance, cash generated by operations and borrowings available under our ABL Credit Agreement to be our primary sources of short-term liquidity. 
 As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, our cash and cash equivalent balances held outside the U.S. were 195 million and 227 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2021, the Company s cash and cash equivalents held outside the U.S. are not expected to be needed to be repatriated to fund the Company s operations in the U.S. based on our expected future sources of liquidity. 
 Under the terms of the ABL Credit Agreement, the Company can issue letters of credit up to 150 million. At September 30, 2021, the Company had issued and outstanding letters of credit and guarantees of 37 million under the ABL Credit Agreement and had no borrowings outstanding. The aggregate additional principal amount that may be borrowed under the ABL Credit Agreement, based on the borrowing base less 37 million of outstanding letters of credit and guarantees, was 147 million at September 30, 2021. 
 We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents of 498 million as of September 30, 2021, expected future cash provided by operating activities and borrowings available under the ABL Credit Agreement will be sufficient to meet our future cash requirements for at least the next twelve months from the filing of this annual report on Form 10-K. Our ability to meet these requirements will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future, which is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. We also believe that our financial resources, along with appropriate management of discretionary expenses, will allow us to manage the anticipated impact of COVID-19 on our business operations, and specifically our liquidity, for the foreseeable future. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 See discussion in Note 22, "Commitments and Contingencies," to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further details. 
 Debt Ratings 
 Our ability to obtain additional external financing and the related cost of borrowing may be affected by our ratings, which are periodically reviewed by the major credit rating agencies. The ratings are subject to change or withdrawal at any time by the respective credit rating agencies. 
 On June 2, 2021, Standard and Poor's upgraded both the Company's definitive corporate credit rating and the rating applicable to the Company's Senior Notes and the Term Loan Credit Agreement from "B" to "B+" with a stable outlook. 
 On July 23, 2021, Fitch Ratings Inc. Fitch upgraded the rating applicable to the Company's Senior Notes and the Term Loan Credit Agreement from "BB-" to "BB." Fitch also affirmed the Company s definitive corporate credit rating of B and upgraded the outlook from stable to positive. 
 As of September 30, 2021, Moody's Investors Service issued a corporate family rating of "B2" with a stable outlook and a rating of "B2" applicable to the Senior Notes and the Term Loan Credit Agreement. 
 49 

EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 
 We present below the Company's EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP measure. 
 EBITDA is defined as net income before income taxes, interest expense, interest income and depreciation and amortization and excludes the results of discontinued operations. EBITDA provides us with a measure of operating performance that excludes certain non-operating and/or non-cash expenses, which can differ significantly from company to company depending on capital structure, the tax jurisdictions in which companies operate and capital investments. 
 Adjusted EBITDA is EBITDA as further adjusted by the items noted in the reconciliation table below. We believe Adjusted EBITDA provides a measure of our financial performance based on operational factors that management can impact in the short-term, such as our pricing strategies, volume, costs and expenses of the organization, and therefore presents our financial performance in a way that can be more easily compared to prior quarters or fiscal years. In addition, Adjusted EBITDA serves as a basis for determining certain management and employee compensation. We also present EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA because we believe analysts and investors utilize these measures in analyzing our results. Under the Company's debt agreements, the ability to engage in activities such as incurring additional indebtedness, making investments and paying dividends is tied in part to ratios based on a measure of Adjusted EBITDA. 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA have limitations as analytical tools. EBITDA measures do not represent net income or cash flow from operations as those terms are defined by GAAP and do not necessarily indicate whether cash flows will be sufficient to fund cash needs. While EBITDA measures are frequently used as measures of operations and the ability to meet debt service requirements, these terms are not necessarily comparable to other similarly titled captions of other companies due to the potential inconsistencies in the method of calculation. Further, Adjusted EBITDA excludes the impact of earnings or charges resulting from matters that we consider not to be indicative of our ongoing operations that still affect our net income. In particular, our formulation of Adjusted EBITDA adjusts for certain amounts that are included in calculating net income as set forth in the following table including, but not limited to, restructuring charges, impairment charges, resolution of certain legal matters and a portion of our pension costs and post-retirement benefits costs, which represents the amortization of prior service costs (credits) and actuarial (gains) losses associated with these benefits. However, these are expenses that may recur, may vary and/or may be difficult to predict. 
 The reconciliation of net loss, which is a GAAP measure, to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, which are non-GAAP measures, is presented below for the periods indicated: 
 Fiscal years ended September 30, (In millions) 2021 2020 Net loss (13) (680) Interest expense 222 226 Interest income (1) (6) Provision for income taxes 15 62 Depreciation and amortization 425 423 EBITDA 648 25 Impact of fresh start accounting adjustments (a) 
 2 1 Restructuring charges (b) 
 28 20 Advisory fees (c) 
 40 Acquisition-related costs 3 Share-based compensation 55 30 Impairment of goodwill 624 Pension and post-retirement benefit costs (1) Gain on post-retirement plan settlement (14) Change in fair value of Emergence Date Warrants 1 3 (Gain) loss on foreign currency transactions (3) 16 Gain on investments in equity and debt securities, net (d) 
 (49) Adjusted EBITDA 719 710 
 (a) The impact of fresh start accounting adjustments in connection with the Company's emergence from bankruptcy. 
 (b) Restructuring charges represent employee separation costs and facility exit costs (excluding the impact of accelerated depreciation expense) related to the Company's restructuring programs, net of sublease income. 
 50 

(c) Advisory fees represent costs incurred to assist in the assessment of strategic and financial alternatives to improve the Company's capital structure. 
 (d) Realized and unrealized gains on investments in equity securities, net of impairment of investments in debt securities. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") requires the Company's management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and revenue and expenses during the periods reported. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates and such differences may be material. Note 2, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies," to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements. The accounting policies and estimates below have been identified by the Company's management as those that are most critical to our financial statements as they require management to make significant judgments and estimates about inherently uncertain matters. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 The Company derives revenue primarily from the sale of products and services for communications systems and applications. The Company sells directly through its worldwide sales force and indirectly through its global network of channel partners, including distributors, service providers, dealers, value-added resellers, systems integrators and business partners that provide sales and services support. The Company s critical revenue recognition estimate is the variable consideration included in the total transaction price for a customer contract. 
 The total transaction price for each customer contract represents the total consideration specified in the contract, including variable consideration such as sales incentives and other discounts. Judgment is required in estimating variable consideration, which typically reduces the total transaction price due to the nature of the elements to which variable consideration relates. The Company s variable consideration estimates mainly consist of reserves for contractual stock rotation rights to channel partners to support the management of inventory; future credits and sales incentives to distributors and other channel partners based on our contractual arrangements; and reserves for estimated sales returns based on a customer s right of return. Estimates of variable consideration reflect the Company s historical experience, current contractual requirements, specific known market events and trends, industry data and forecasted customer buying patterns. When estimating returns, the Company considers customary inventory levels held by third-party distributors. The Company s variable consideration estimates are recorded as a reduction of revenue at the time of sale and depending on the facts and circumstances, a change in variable consideration estimate will either be accounted for at the contract level or using the portfolio method. 
 Goodwill and Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets 
 Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized but are subject to annual testing for impairment each July 1st, or more frequently if events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of goodwill or an indefinite-lived intangible asset below its carrying amount. As of September 30, 2021, the Company's goodwill balance is assigned to its Services reporting unit. 
 Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. Depending on the facts and circumstances, the impairment test for goodwill can be performed using either a qualitative or quantitative approach. The qualitative approach consists of a weighting of several qualitative factors, including, but not limited to, macroeconomic conditions (including changes in interest rates and discount rates), industry and market considerations, the recent and projected financial performance of the reporting unit, changes in the Company's stock price and other relevant factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. This assessment can require significant judgments, including the estimation of future cash flows and an assessment of market and industry dependent risks. If the assessment of all relevant qualitative factors indicates that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount, a quantitative goodwill impairment test is not necessary. If the assessment of all relevant qualitative factors indicates that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the Company will perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test. The Company has the unconditional option to bypass the qualitative assessment for any reporting unit in any period and proceed directly to performing a quantitative goodwill impairment test. 
 The quantitative approach consists of a comparison of the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying value, including the goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the Company will recognize an impairment loss equal to the amount of the excess, limited to the amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. Application of the impairment test requires estimates and judgment when determining the fair value of a reporting unit. In performing the goodwill impairment test, the Company estimates the fair value using a weighting of fair values derived from an 
 51 

income approach and a market approach. This analysis requires significant judgments, including estimation of future cash flows, which is dependent on internal forecasts, estimation of the long-term rate of growth for our business, estimation of the useful life over which cash flows will occur, determination of our weighted average cost of capital and selection and application of multiples of operating performance measures the reporting unit's operating performance (the "Guideline Public Company Method") using current and projected operating performance results. 
 Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and the goodwill impairment test result. 
 The Company performed its annual goodwill impairment test as of July 1, 2021. As permitted under Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 350, the Company performed a qualitative goodwill impairment assessment to determine whether it was more likely than not that the fair value of its Services reporting unit was less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. After assessing all relevant qualitative factors, the Company dete rmined that it was more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its carrying amount and a quantitative goodwill impairment test was not necessary. 
 The impairment test of the Company s indefinite-lived intangible asset, the Avaya Trade Name, consists of a comparison of the estimated fair value of the asset with its carrying value. The fair value of the Avaya Trade Name is estimated using the relief-from-royalty model, a form of the income approach. Under this methodology, the fair value of the trade name is estimated by applying a royalty rate to forecasted net revenues which is then discounted using a risk-adjusted rate of return on capital. Revenue growth rates inherent in the forecast are based on input from internal and external market intelligence research sources that compare factors such as growth in global economies, regional trends in the telecommunications industry and product evolution. The royalty rate is determined using a set of observed market royalty rates. 
 As of July 1, 2021, the Company performed its annual impairment test of the Avaya Trade Name and determined that its estimated fair value exceeded its carrying amount and no impairment existed. 
 The Company determined that no events occurred or circumstances changed during the three months ended September 30, 2021 that would indicate that it is more likely than not that its goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible asset were impaired. To the extent that business conditions deteriorate or if changes in key assumptions and estimates differ significantly from management's expectations, it may be necessary to record additional impairment charges in the future. 
 Income Taxes 
 Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that such assets will not be realized. 
 Additionally, the accounting for income taxes requires the Company to evaluate and make an assertion as to whether undistributed foreign earnings will be indefinitely reinvested or repatriated. 
 FASB ASC subtopic 740-10, "Income Taxes-Overall" ("ASC 740-10") prescribes a comprehensive model for the financial statement recognition, measurement, classification and disclosure of uncertain tax positions. ASC 740-10 contains a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit based on the technical merits of the position. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50 likely of being realized upon settlement. 
 Significant judgment is required in evaluating uncertain tax positions and determining the provision for income taxes. Although the Company believes its reserves are reasonable, no assurance can be given that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be different from that which is reflected in the historical income tax provision and accruals. The Company adjusts its estimated liability for uncertain tax positions periodically due to new information discovered from ongoing examinations by, and settlements with, various taxing authorities, as well as changes in tax laws, regulations and interpretations. The Company s policy is to recognize, when applicable, interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions as part of income tax expense. 
 As part of the Company s accounting for business combinations, some of the purchase price is allocated to goodwill and intangible assets. Impairment expenses associated with goodwill are generally not tax deductible and will result in an increased effective income tax rate in the fiscal period any impairment is recorded. The income tax benefit from future releases of the acquisition date valuation allowances or income tax contingencies, if any, are reflected in the income tax provision in the Consolidated Statements of Operations, rather than as an adjustment to the purchase price allocation. 
 Pension and Post-retirement Benefit Obligations 
 52 

The Company sponsors non-contributory defined benefit pension plans covering a portion of its U.S. employees and retirees, and post-retirement benefit plans covering a portion of its U.S. employees and retirees that include healthcare benefits and life insurance coverage. Certain non-U.S. operations have various retirement benefit programs covering substantially all of their employees. 
 The Company s pension and post-retirement benefit costs are developed from actuarial valuations. Inherent in these valuations are key assumptions, including the discount rate, expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, rate of compensation increase and healthcare cost trend rate. Material changes in pension and post-retirement benefit costs may occur in the future due to changes in these assumptions, in the number of plan participants, in the level of benefits provided, in asset levels and in legislation. 
 The discount rate is subject to change each year, consistent with changes in rates of return on high-quality fixed-income investments currently available and expected to be available during the expected benefit payment period. The Company selects the assumed discount rate for its U.S. pension and post-retirement benefit plans by applying the rates from the Aon AA Above Median and Aon AA Only Bond Universe yield curves to the expected benefit payment streams and develops a rate at which it is believed the benefit obligations could be effectively settled. The Company follows a similar process for its non-U.S. pension plans by applying the Aon Euro AA corporate bond yield curve for the plans based in Europe and relevant country-specific bond indices for other locations. 
 The market-related value of the Company s plan assets for the Company s U.S. and international pension plans and post-retirement medical plans as of the measurement date is developed using a five-year smoothing technique. First, a preliminary market-related value is calculated by adjusting the market-related value at the beginning of the year for payments to and from plan assets and the expected return on assets during the year. The expected return on assets represents the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets adjusted up to plus or minus 2 based on the actual ten-year average rate of return on plan assets. A final market-related value is determined as the preliminary market-related value, plus 20 of the difference between the actual return and expected return for each of the past five years. As a result of the partial settlement of the post-retirement life insurance in fiscal 2021, which is further described within Note 15, Benefit Obligations, the market-related value of the Company s plan assets for other post-retirement life insurance plan is determined using the fair market value technique. 
 Salary growth and healthcare cost trend assumptions are based on the Company's historical experience and future outlook. 
 While the Company believes that the assumptions used in these calculations are reasonable, differences in actual experience or changes in assumptions could materially affect the expense and liabilities related to the Company's defined benefit plans. For the U.S. pension; non-U.S. pension; and post-retirement plans combined, a hypothetical 25 basis point increase or decrease in the discount rate would affect expense for fiscal 2021 by 1 million or 2 million, respectively. A hypothetical 25 basis point increase or decrease in the discount rate would change the projected benefit obligation as of September 30, 2021 by (48) million or 50 million, respectively. A hypothetical 25 basis point change in the expected long-term rate of return would affect expense for fiscal 2021 by approximately 3 million. 
 Loss Contingencies 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company is involved in various litigation, claims, government inquiries, investigations and proceedings, including but not limited to, those relating to intellectual property, commercial, employment, environmental indemnity and regulatory matters. The Company records accruals for loss contingencies to the extent that it has concluded that it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. When a material loss contingency is reasonably possible but not probable, we do not record a liability, but instead disclose the nature and the amount of the claim, and an estimate of the loss or range of loss, if such an estimate can be made. Due to the inherent uncertainties related to these matters, significant judgment is required in the determination of the risk of loss and whether the loss is reasonably estimable. This assessment is based on our current understanding of relevant facts and circumstances, including but not limited to, the status of the legal or regulatory proceedings, the merits of its defenses and consultations with internal and external counsel to determine whether such accruals should be made or adjusted. Any accruals or revisions in estimates could have a material impact on our results of operations or financial position. 
 
 53 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 The Company has exposure to changing interest rates primarily under the Term Loan Credit Agreement and ABL Credit Agreement, each of which bears interest at variable rates based on LIBOR. As of September 30, 2021, the Company had interest rate swap agreements, which mature on December 15, 2022, to pay a fixed rate of 2.935 on its 1,543 million of variable rate loans outstanding (the "Swap Agreements"). 
 The Company maintains additional interest rate swap agreements to fix a portion of the variable rate interest due on its Term Loan Credit Agreement (the "Forward Swap Agreements") from December 15, 2022 (the maturity date of the Swap Agreements) through December 15, 2024. Under the terms of the Forward Swap Agreements, the Company will pay a fixed rate of 0.7047 and receive a variable rate of interest based on one-month LIBOR. The Forward Swap Agreements have a total notional amount of 1,400 million. 
 It is management s intention that the net notional amount of interest rate swap agreements be less than or equal to the variable rate loans outstanding during the life of the derivatives. For fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, the Company recognized a loss on the Swap Agreements and Forward Swap Agreements (collectively the "Swaps") of 51 million, 35 million and 10 million, respectively, which is reflected in Interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. At September 30, 2021, the Company maintained a 34 million deferred loss on the Swaps within Accumulated other comprehensive loss in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 See Note 12, Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities," to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information related to the Company's interest rate swap agreements. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 Foreign currency risk is the potential change in value, income and cash flow arising from adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Each of our non-U.S. ("foreign") operations maintains capital in the currency of the country of its geographic location consistent with local regulatory guidelines. Each foreign operation may conduct business in its local currency, as well as the currency of other countries in which it operates. The primary foreign currency exposures for these foreign operations are Euros, Canadian Dollars, British Pound Sterling, Chinese Renminbi, Indian Rupee, Australian Dollars, Japanese Yen and Brazilian Real. 
 Non-U.S. denominated revenue was 642 million for fiscal 2021. We estimate a 10 change in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to all foreign currencies would have affected our revenue for fiscal 2021 by 64 million. 
 The Company, from time-to-time, utilizes foreign currency forward contracts primarily to hedge fluctuations associated with certain monetary assets and liabilities including receivables, payables and certain intercompany balances. These foreign currency forward contracts are not designated for hedge accounting treatment. As a result, changes in the fair value of these contracts are recorded as a component of Other income, net to offset the change in the value of the underlying assets and liabilities. As of September 30, 2021, the Company maintained open foreign exchange contracts with a total notional value of 191 million, primarily hedging the British Pound Sterling, Indian Rupee, Czech Koruna and Mexican Peso. At September 30, 2021, the fair value of open foreign exchange contracts was an unrealized loss of 2 million which was recorded within Other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. In fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, the Company's gain (loss) on foreign exchange contracts was 6 million, (1) million and (5) million, respectively, and was recorded within Other income, net. 
 
 54 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Avaya Holdings Corp. 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 56 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 58 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 59 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 61 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 62 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 63 

55 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Avaya Holdings Corp. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Avaya Holdings Corp. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income (loss), of changes in stockholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Changes in Accounting Principles 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for leases as of October 1, 2019 and the manner in which it accounts for revenues from contracts with customers as of October 1, 2018. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 56 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Revenue Recognition - Subscription-Based Term Software License Arrangements 
 As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, included in Services revenue are subscription-based offerings, which include term software license arrangements. Subscription-based term software license arrangements include multiple performance obligations, where the term licenses are recognized at the point-in-time of transfer of control of the software, with the associated software maintenance revenue recognized ratably over the contract term as the customer consumes the services. Revenue from subscription-based term software license agreements makes up a portion of the Company s total Services revenue of 1,981 million for the year ended September 30, 2021. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to revenue recognition - subscription-based term software license arrangements are a critical audit matter is the high degree of auditor effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to revenue recognition for subscription-based term software license agreements. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the revenue recognition process, including controls over subscription-based term software license arrangements. These procedures also included, among others, (i) evaluating the recognition of revenue for a sample of revenue transactions by obtaining and inspecting source documents, including sales contracts, delivery documents and cash receipts and (ii) testing the cutoff of revenue transactions. 

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 New York, New York November 22, 2021 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2000. 
 
 57 

Avaya Holdings Corp. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (In millions, except per share amounts) 
 
 Fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 REVENUE Products Services COSTS Products: Costs Amortization of technology intangible assets Services GROSS PROFIT OPERATING EXPENSES Selling, general and administrative Research and development Amortization of intangible assets Impairment charges Restructuring charges, net OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) ) ) Interest expense ) ) Other income, net INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES ) ) Provision for income taxes ) ) ) NET LOSS ) ) ) LOSS PER SHARE Basic ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding Basic Diluted 
 
 The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 58 

Avaya Holdings Corp. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (In millions) 
 Fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Pension, post-retirement and postemployment benefit-related items, net of income taxes of ) for fiscal 2021; for fiscal 2020; and and for fiscal 2019 
 ) ) Cumulative translation adjustment ) Change in interest rate swaps, net of income taxes of ) for fiscal 2021; for fiscal 2020; and for fiscal 2019 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 
 The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 
 59 

Avaya Holdings Corp. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In millions, except per share and share amounts) 
 As of September 30, 2021 2020 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventory Contract assets, net Contract costs Other current assets TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS Property, plant and equipment, net Deferred income taxes, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES Current liabilities: Accounts payable Payroll and benefit obligations Contract liabilities Operating lease liabilities Business restructuring reserves Other current liabilities TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES Non-current liabilities: Long-term debt Pension obligations Other post-retirement obligations Deferred income taxes, net Contract liabilities Operating lease liabilities Business restructuring reserves Other liabilities TOTAL NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES TOTAL LIABILITIES Commitments and contingencies (Note 22) Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized at September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 Convertible series A preferred stock; shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2021; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2020 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY TOTAL LIABILITIES, PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 
 The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 60 

Avaya Holdings Corp. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 (In millions) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Par Value Balance as of September 30, 2018 Issuance of common stock under the equity incentive plan Shares repurchased and retired for tax withholding on vesting of restricted stock units ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Adjustment for adoption of new accounting standard (Note 2) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2019 ) ) Issuance of common stock under the equity incentive plan Issuance of common stock under the employee stock purchase plan Shares repurchased and retired for tax withholding on vesting of restricted stock units ) ) ) Shares repurchased and retired under share repurchase program ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Accretion of preferred stock to redemption value ) ) Preferred stock dividends accrued ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2020 ) ) Issuance of common stock under the equity incentive plan Issuance of common stock under the employee stock purchase plan Shares repurchased and retired for tax withholding on vesting of restricted stock units ) ) ) Shares repurchased and retired under share repurchase program ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Preferred stock dividends accrued, 2 million, and paid, 2 million ) ) Adjustment for adoption of new accounting standard (Note 3) ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income Balance as of September 30, 2021 ) ) 
 The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 61 

Avaya Holdings Corp. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In millions) 
 Fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Share-based compensation Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs Loss on extinguishment of debt Deferred income taxes, net ) ) ) Impairment charges Gain on post-retirement plan settlement ) Change in fair value of emergence date warrants ) Unrealized loss on foreign currency transactions Impairment of debt securities Realized gain on sale of equity securities ) Other non-cash (credits) charges, net ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Inventory ) Operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities ) Contract assets ) ) ) Contract costs ) ) Accounts payable ) Payroll and benefit obligations ) ) Business restructuring reserves ) ) ) Contract liabilities ) ) Other assets and liabilities ) ) NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of marketable securities Asset acquisition, net of cash received ) Investment in debt securities ) Other investing activities, net ) ) NET CASH (USED FOR) PROVIDED BY INVESTING ACTIVITIES ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Shares repurchased under share repurchase program ) ) Proceeds from issuance of Series A Preferred Stock, net of issuance costs of 4 Repayment of Term Loan Credit Agreement due to refinancing ) ) Proceeds from Term Loan Credit Agreement due to refinancing Repayment of Term Loan Credit Agreement ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of senior notes Debt issuance costs ) ) Principal payments for financing leases ) ) ) Payments for other financing arrangements ) Proceeds from other financing arrangements Payment of acquisition-related contingent consideration ) ) Proceeds from Employee Stock Purchase Plan Proceeds from exercises of stock options Preferred stock dividends paid ) Shares repurchased for tax withholdings on vesting of restricted stock units ) ) ) NET CASH USED FOR FINANCING ACTIVITIES ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period 
 The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 62 

Avaya Holdings Corp. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1. 
 segments, Products Solutions and Services. The Company sells directly to customers through its worldwide sales force and indirectly through its global network of channel partners, including distributors, service providers, dealers, value-added resellers, system integrators and business partners that provide sales and services support. 
 Basis of Presentation 
 Avaya Holdings has no material assets or standalone operations other than its ownership of direct wholly-owned subsidiary Avaya Inc. and its subsidiaries. The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements reflect the operating results of Avaya Holdings and its consolidated subsidiaries and have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") and the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). 
 Out-of-period Adjustment 
 During fiscal 2021, the Company identified errors in its system configuration and interfaces that impacted the recognition of revenue for previously satisfied performance obligations subsequent to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers" ("ASC 606") on October 1, 2018. These errors resulted in an understatement of Revenue by and in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively, an understatement of contract assets of and an overstatement of contract liabilities of as of September 30, 2020 and an understatement of opening Retained earnings upon adoption of ASC 606 of . The Company concluded that the errors were not material to any prior period financial statements and the correction of the errors was not material to the current year financial statements. The cumulative effect of the errors was corrected during fiscal 2021, resulting in an increase to Revenue and Provision for income taxes and a decrease to Net loss of , and , respectively. The errors predominantly impacted the Products and Solutions operating segment. 
 
 2. 

63 

million, net of tax, due to the cumulative impact of adopting ASC 606. 
 The Company accounts for a customer contract when both parties have approved the contract and are committed to perform their respective obligations, each party s rights can be identified, payment terms can be identified, the contract has commercial substance and it is at least probable that the Company will collect the consideration to which it is entitled. The Company accrues a provision for estimated sales returns and other allowances, including promotional marketing programs and other incentives, as a reduction of revenue at the time of sale. When estimating returns, the Company considers customary inventory levels held by third-party distributors. Revenue is recognized upon the transfer of control of the promised products and services to customers. Judgment is required in instances where the Company s contracts include multiple products and services to determine whether each should be accounted for as a separate performance obligation. The Company enters into contracts that include various combinations of products and services, each of which is generally capable of being distinct as well as distinct within the context of the contracts. 
 Customer contracts are typically made pursuant to purchase orders and statements of work based on master purchase or partner agreements. Invoicing typically occurs upon customer acceptance or monthly for a series of services. Payment is due based on the Company s standard payment terms which are typically within 30 to 60 days of invoice issuance. The Company does not typically provide financing arrangements to customers. For certain services and customer types, customers will remit payment before the services are provided. In instances where the timing of revenue recognition differs from the timing of invoicing, the Company determined that contracts do not include a significant financing component. The primary purpose of the invoicing terms is to provide customers with simplified and predictable ways of purchasing products and services, not to receive financing from or to provide financing to customers. Certain contracts include performance obligations accounted for as a series which also include variable consideration (primarily usage-based fees). For these arrangements, variable consideration is not estimated and allocated to the entire performance obligation, rather the variable fees are recognized in the period in which the usage occurs in accordance with the "right to invoice" practical expedient. 
 The total transaction price for each contract is determined based on the total consideration specified in the contract, including variable consideration such as sales incentives and other discounts. The expected value method is generally used when estimating variable consideration, which typically reduces the total transaction price due to the nature of the elements to which the variable consideration relates. These estimates reflect the Company s historical experience, current contractual requirements, specific known market events and trends, industry data and forecasted customer buying patterns. The Company excludes from the transaction price all taxes assessed by governmental authorities that are both (i) imposed on and concurrent with a specific revenue-producing transaction and (ii) collected from customers. Accordingly, such tax amounts are not included as a component of net sales or cost of sales. The expected value method requires judgment and considers multiple factors that may vary over time depending upon the unique facts and circumstances related to each performance obligation. Depending on the facts and circumstances, a change in variable consideration estimate will either be accounted for at the contract level or using the portfolio method. Reserves for contractual stock rotation rights to channel partners to support the management of inventory and certain other sales incentives are determined using the portfolio method. The Company also considers the customers rights of return in determining the transaction price where applicable. 
 The Company allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price and recognizes revenue as each performance obligation is satisfied. Judgment is required to determine the standalone selling price for each distinct performance obligation. The Company uses a range of selling prices to estimate standalone selling price when each of the products and services is sold separately. The Company typically has more than one standalone selling price for individual products and services due to the stratification of those products and services by customers and circumstances. In these instances, the Company may use information such as the size of the customer and geographic region in determining the standalone selling price. In instances where standalone selling price is not directly observable, such as when the Company does not sell the product or service separately, the Company determines the standalone selling price using information that may include market conditions and other observable inputs. 
 Amounts billed to customers for shipping and handling activities are considered contract fulfillment activities and not a separate performance obligation of the contract. Shipping and handling fees are recorded as revenue and the related cost is a cost to fulfill the contract. 
 64 

65 

and of the Company's total annual consolidated revenue for fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. At September 30, 2021 and 2020, one distributor accounted for approximately and of accounts receivable, respectively. 
 66 

to years for machinery and equipment and the remaining lease term for equipment acquired under a financing lease. Improvements that extend the useful life of assets are capitalized and maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Capitalized improvements to facilities subject to operating leases are depreciated over the lesser of the estimated useful life of the asset or the duration of the lease. Upon retirement or disposal of assets, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the Consolidated Balance Sheets and any gain or loss is reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 67 

million and million as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Depreciation expense related to internal use software recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 Cloud Computing Arrangement Implementation Costs 
 The Company periodically enters into cloud computing arrangements to access and use third-party software in support of its operations. The Company assesses its cloud computing arrangements with vendors to determine whether the contract meets the definition of a service contract or software license. For cloud computing arrangements that meet the definition of a service contract, the Company capitalizes implementation costs incurred during the application development stage as a prepaid expense and amortizes the costs on a straight-line basis over the term of the contract. Costs related to data conversion, training and other maintenance activities are expensed as incurred. Implementation costs for cloud computing arrangements that meet the definition of a software license are accounted for consistent with software developed or obtained for internal use as detailed above. 
 68 

to years. 
 Long-lived assets, including intangible assets with finite lives, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 360, "Property, Plant, and Equipment." Intangible assets determined to have indefinite useful lives are not amortized but are tested for impairment annually, on July 1st, or more frequently if events occur or circumstances change that indicate an asset may be impaired. 
 The recoverability test of finite-lived assets is based on forecasts of undiscounted cash flows for each asset group. The impairment test of the Company s indefinite-lived intangible asset, the Avaya Trade Name consists of a comparison of the estimated fair value of the asset with its carrying value. If the carrying value of the Avaya Trade Name exceeds its estimated fair value, the Company will recognize an impairment loss equal to the amount of the excess. The fair value of the Avaya Trade Name is estimated using the relief-from-royalty model, a form of the income approach. Under this methodology, the fair value of the trade name is estimated by applying a royalty rate to forecasted net revenues which is then discounted using a risk-adjusted rate of return on capital. Revenue growth rates inherent in the forecast are based on input from internal and external market intelligence research sources that compare factors such as growth in global economies, regional trends in the telecommunications industry and product evolution. The royalty rate is determined using a set of observed market royalty rates. 
 The estimated useful lives of intangible and long-lived assets are based on many factors including assumptions regarding the effects of obsolescence, demand, competition and other economic factors, expectations regarding the future use of the asset, and the Company's historical experience with similar assets. The assumptions used to determine the estimated useful lives could change due to numerous factors including product demand, market conditions, technological developments, economic conditions and competition. 
 Amortizable technology and patents have useful lives that range between and years with a weighted average remaining useful life of years. Customer relationships have useful lives that range between and years with a weighted average remaining useful life of years. Amortizable product trade names have useful lives of years with a weighted average remaining useful life of years. The Avaya Trade Name is expected to generate cash flows indefinitely and, consequently, this asset is classified as an indefinite-lived intangible and is therefore not amortized. 
 
 . 
 69 

70 

-year smoothing technique as of the measurement date. First, a preliminary market-related value is calculated by adjusting the market-related value at the beginning of the year for payments to and from plan assets and the expected return on assets during the year. The expected return on assets represents the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets adjusted up to plus or minus based on the actual -year average rate of return on plan assets. A final market-related value is determined as the preliminary market-related value, plus of the difference between the actual return and expected return for each of the past five years. As a result of the partial settlement of the post-retirement life insurance in fiscal 2021, which is further described within Note 15, Benefit Obligations, the market-related value of the Company s plan assets for other post-retirement life insurance plan is determined using the fair market value technique. 
 The plans use different factors based on plan provisions and participant census data, including years of service, eligible compensation and age, to determine the benefit amount for eligible participants. The Company funds its U.S. pension plans in compliance with applicable laws. 
 
 million, million and million for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 71 

3. 
 72 

million, net of tax, due to the cumulative impact of adopting the standard. The impact was primarily related to the Company s accounts receivable and contract asset balances on the adoption date. 
 Recent Standards Not Yet Effective 
 In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06, "Debt - Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity." This standard simplifies the accounting for convertible instruments and the application of the derivatives scope exception for contracts in an entity's own equity. The standard also amends the accounting for convertible instruments in the diluted earnings per share calculation and requires enhanced disclosures of convertible instruments and contracts in an entity's own equity. This standard is effective for the Company in the first quarter of fiscal 2023. The adoption may be applied on a modified or fully retrospective basis. An entity may also irrevocably elect the fair value option in accordance with ASC 825 for any financial instrument that is a convertible security upon adoption of this standard. The Company is currently assessing the impact the new guidance will have on its Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers. This standard requires contract assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination to be recognized in accordance with Topic 606 as if the acquirer had originated the contracts. This standard is effective for the Company in the first quarter of fiscal 2024, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact the new guidance will have on its Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 4. 
 Services Unallocated Amounts 
 ) ) ) Total revenue 
 Fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 (In millions) Products Solutions Services Unallocated Total Revenue: U.S. International: 
 Europe, Middle East and Africa ) Asia Pacific 
 Americas International - Canada and Latin America Total International ) Total revenue ) 
 
 73 

) International: Europe, Middle East and Africa ) Asia Pacific ) Americas International - Canada and Latin America Total International ) Total revenue ) 
 Fiscal year ended September 30, 2019 (In millions) Products Solutions Services Unallocated Total Revenue: U.S. ) International: Europe, Middle East and Africa ) Asia Pacific ) Americas International - Canada and Latin America ) Total International ) Total revenue ) 
 Unallocated amounts represent the fair value adjustment to deferred revenue recognized upon the Company's emergence from bankruptcy in December 2017 and excluded from segment revenue. 
 Transaction Price Allocated to the Remaining Performance Obligations 
 The transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations that were wholly or partially unsatisfied as of September 30, 2021 was billion, of which and is expected to be recognized within months and - months, respectively, with the remaining balance expected to be recognized thereafter. This excludes amounts for remaining performance obligations that are (1) for contracts recognized over time using the "right to invoice" practical expedient, (2) related to sales or usage based royalties promised in exchange for a license of intellectual property and (3) related to variable consideration allocated entirely to a wholly unsatisfied performance obligation. 
 74 

Contract assets, net: Current Non-current (Other assets) Cost of obtaining a contract: Current (Contract costs) ) Non-current (Other assets) Cost to fulfill a contract: Current (Contract costs) Contract liabilities: Current ) Non-current ) ) 
 The increase in Contract assets was mainly driven by growth in the Company's subscription offerings. The decrease in Contract liabilities was mainly driven by planned declines in hardware maintenance and software support services as customers continue to transition to the Company's subscription offerings. The decrease was also driven by revenue earned from the consideration advance received in connection with the strategic partnership with RingCentral, Inc. ("RingCentral") as discussed in Note 6, "Strategic Partnership." The Company did not record any asset impairment charges related to contract assets during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 During fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, the Company recognized revenue of million, million and million that had been previously recorded as a Contract liability as of October 1, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. During fiscal 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized a net increase (decrease) to revenue of million and ) million for performance obligations that were satisfied, or partially satisfied, in prior periods, respectively. In addition, revenue for fiscal 2021 also includes a out-of-period adjustment to record revenue for certain performance obligations satisfied in prior periods as described in further detail within Note 1 "Background and Basis of Presentation". During fiscal 2019, adjustments were recorded to revenue related to performance obligations that were satisfied in prior periods. 
 Contract Costs 
 
 75 

Revenue Total Amortization Costs to fulfill customer contracts: Costs Revenue Total Amortization 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 Adjustment to retained earnings upon adoption Adjustment to credit loss provision ) ) Allowance for credit loss as of September 30, 2021 
 (1) Recorded within Accounts receivable, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (2) Recorded within Contract assets, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

5. 
 Short-term lease cost (1) 
 Variable lease cost (1)(2) 
 Finance lease amortization of right-of-use assets (1) 
 Sublease income (3) 
 ) ) Total lease cost 
 (1) Allocated between Cost of products and services, and Operating expenses. 
 (2) Includes real estate taxes and other charges for non-lease services payable to lessors and recognized in the period incurred. 
 (3) Included in Othe r income, net. 
 
 LIABILITIES Other current liabilities 7 8 Other liabilities 19 9 
 76 

years years Financing Leases years years Weighted average interest rate Operating Leases Financing Leases 
 The following table presents the maturities of lease payments for the Company's operating and financing leases as of September 30, 2021 (by fiscal year): 
 (In millions) Operating Leases Financing Leases 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 and thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) ) Total lease liability 

6. S 
 shares of the Company's Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share (the "Series A Preferred Stock"), for an aggregate purchase price of million. See Note 17, "Capital Stock" for additional information on the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 As part of the strategic partnership, the Company and RingCentral also entered into an agreement governing the terms of the commercial arrangement between the parties (the "Framework Agreement"). In accordance with the Framework Agreement, RingCentral paid Avaya million, predominantly for future fees ("the Consideration Advance"), as well as for certain licensing rights. The million payment consisted of million in shares of RingCentral common stock and million in cash. During fiscal 2020, the Company sold all of its shares of RingCentral common stock and recognized a gain of million within Other income (expense), net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 intent and ability to repay outstanding amounts, if any, in cash prior to its conversion. 
 
 7. 
 
 77 

Accumulated impairment charges ) ) Impairment charges ) ) Foreign currency fluctuations ) Other ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2020 Cost Accumulated impairment charges ) ) Foreign currency fluctuations Balance as of September 30, 2021 Cost Accumulated impairment charges ) ) 
 Fiscal 2021 
 The Company performed its annual goodwill impairment test on July 1, 2021. As permitted under ASC 350, the Company performed a qualitative goodwill impairment assessment to determine whether it was more likely than not that the fair value of its Services reporting unit was less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. After assessing all relevant qualitative factors , the Company determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its carrying amount and a quantitative goodwill impairment test was not necessary. 
 The Company determined t hat no events occurred or circumstances changed d uring the three months ended September 30, 2021 that would indicate that it is more likely than not that its goodwill was impaired. To the extent that business conditions deteriorate or if changes in key assumptions and estimates differ significantly from management's expectations, it may be necessary to record impairment charges in the future. 
 Fiscal 2020 
 During the first quarter of fiscal 2020, the Company changed its reporting units to align with changes in its organizational structure. As a result, on October 1, 2019, the Company consolidated its Unified Communication and Collaboration ("UCC") and Contact Center ("CC") reporting units into a Products Solutions reporting unit and consolidated its Global Support Services ("GSS"), Avaya Professional Services ("APS") and Enterprise Cloud and Managed Services ("ECMS") reporting units into a Services reporting unit. As a result of these changes, the Company's reporting units are the same as its operating segments which are described in Note 19, "Operating Segments." Due to the consolidation of reporting units, the Company performed an interim goodwill impairment assessment immediately before and after the consolidation on October 1, 2019 by estimating and comparing the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. The Company determined that the carrying amounts of each of the Company's reporting units did not exceed their estimated fair values and therefore no impairment existed as of October 1, 2019. 
 During the second quarter of fiscal 2020, the Company concluded that a triggering event occurred for both of its reporting units due to (i) the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the macroeconomic environment which led to revisions to the Company's long-term forecast during the second quarter of fiscal 2020 and (ii) the sustained decrease in the Company's stock price at the beginning stages of the pandemic which was caused by the resulting volatility in the financial markets. As a result, the Company performed an interim quantitative goodwill impairment test as of March 31, 2020 to compare the fair values of its reporting units to their respective carrying amounts, including the goodwill allocated to each reporting unit. 
 78 

million to write down the full carrying amount of the Products Solutions goodwill in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 The Company performed its annual goodwill impairment test as of July 1, 2020 and determined that the remaining carrying amount of its goodwill was not impaired. 
 Fiscal 2019 
 During the third quarter of fiscal 2019, the Company concluded that triggering events occurred for all of its reporting units due to a sustained decrease in the Company's stock price and lower than planned financial results which led to revisions to the Company's long-term forecast during the third quarter of fiscal 2019. As a result, the Company performed an interim quantitative goodwill impairment test as of June 30, 2019 to compare the fair values of its reporting units to their respective carrying values, including the goodwill allocated to each reporting unit. The results of the Company s interim goodwill impairment test as of June 30, 2019 indicated that the estimated fair values of the Company s UCC, GSS, APS and ECMS reporting units were greater than their carrying amounts, however, the carrying amount of the Company s CC reporting unit within the Products Solutions segment exceeded its estimated fair value primarily due to a reduction in the Company's long-term forecast. As a result, the Company recorded a goodwill impairment charge of million in fiscal 2019 in the Impairment charges line item in the Consolidated Statements of Operations representing the amount by which the carrying value of the CC reporting unit exceeded its fair value. 

8. 
 Accumulated amortization ) ) ) ) Finite-lived intangible assets, net Indefinite-lived intangible assets Intangible assets, net Balance as of September 30, 2020 Finite-lived intangible assets: Cost Accumulated amortization ) ) ) ) Finite-lived intangible assets, net Indefinite-lived intangible assets Intangible assets, net 
 Amortization expense for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 79 

2023 2024 2025 2026 and thereafter Total 
 Fiscal 2021 
 At July 1, 2021, the Company performed its annual impairment test for its indefinite-lived intangible asset, the Avaya Trade name, and determined that its estimated fair value exceeded its carrying value and no impairment existed. 
 The Company determined th at no events occurred or circumstances chang ed during fiscal 2021 that would indicate that its finite-lived intangible assets may not be recoverable or that it is more likely than not that its indefinite-lived intangible asset was impaired. To the extent that business conditions deteriorate or if changes in key assumptions and estimates differ significantly from management's expectations, it may be necessary to record impairment charges in the future. 
 Fiscal 2020 
 As a result of the goodwill triggering event described in Note 7, "Goodwill", the Company performed a recoverability test on all of its finite-lived asset groups as of March 31, 2020 before proceeding to the goodwill impairment review and concluded that no impairment charge was necessary. The Company also performed an interim quantitative impairment test for the Avaya Trade Name, as of March 31, 2020 and determined that its estimated fair value exceeded its carrying value and no impairment existed. 
 At July 1, 2020, the Company performed its annual impairment test of the Avaya Trade Name and determined that its estimated fair value exceeded its carrying amount and no impairment existed. 
 Fiscal 2019 
 During fiscal 2019, the Company elected to abandon an in-process research and development project that no longer aligned with the Company's technology roadmap. As a result, the Company recorded an impairment charge of million to write down the full carrying amount of the project within the Impairment charges line item in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 As a result of the triggering event described in "Note 7, Goodwill", the Company performed a recoverability test on all of its finite-lived asset groups as of June 30, 2019 before proceeding to the goodwill impairment review and concluded that no impairment charge was necessary. The Company also performed an interim quantitative impairment test for the Avaya Trade Name as of June 30, 2019 and determined that its estimated fair value exceeded its carrying value and no impairment existed. 
 At July 1, 2019, the Company performed its annual impairment test of the Avaya Trade Name and determined that its estimated fair value exceeded its carrying amount and no impairment existed. 
 80 

9. 
 Depreciation and amortization of property, plant and equipment and internal use software (included in Costs and Operating expenses) Total depreciation and amortization OTHER INCOME, NET Interest income Foreign currency gains (losses), net ) ) Gain on investments in equity and debt securities, net Gain on post-retirement plan settlement Other pension and post-retirement benefit credits, net Change in fair value of Emergence Date Warrants ) ) Sublease income Other, net ) ) Total other income, net 
 The gain on investments in equity and debt securities, net for fiscal 2020 includes a gain on shares of RingCentral common stock of million. See Note 6, Strategic Partnership for additional details. The gain is partially offset by a million impairment of debt securities mainly driven by a decline in the macroeconomic environment due to the COVID-19 pandemic and a decline in the expected operating results and cash flows for the investment company. 
 The gain on post-retirement plan settlement for fiscal 2021 is further described in Note 15, "Benefit Obligations." 
 Increase in expense (1) 
 Reductions (1) 
 ) Balance at end of period Deferred Tax Asset Valuation Allowance: Balance at beginning of period Increase in expense Additions (reductions) ) ) Balance at end of period 
 (1) On October 1, 2020, the Company adopted ASU No. 2016-13, "Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments" which requires the Company to record an estimate of expected credit losses for certain types of financial instruments, including accounts receivable. As a result, the Company no longer records an allowance for doubtful accounts receivable. See Note 4, "Contracts with Customers" for a roll forward of the Company's allowance for credit losses for fiscal 2021. 
 81 

Machinery and equipment Assets under construction Internal use software Total property, plant and equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 As of September 30, 2021, Machinery and equipment and Accumulated depreciation and amortization include million and ) million, respectively, for assets acquired under financing leases. As of September 30, 2020, Machinery and equipment and Accumulated depreciation and amortization include million and ) million, respectively, for assets acquired under financing leases. 
 Income tax payments NON-CASH INVESTING ACTIVITIES Acquisition of equipment under finance leases 
 (Decrease) in Accounts payable, Other current liabilities and Other liabilities for Capital expenditures 
 ) 
 During fiscal 2021 and 2020, the Company made payments for operating lease liabilities of million and million, respectively, and recorded non-cash additions for operating lease right-of-use assets of million and million, respectively. 
 Restricted cash included in other assets Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 
 10. 
 Facility exit costs Total restructuring charges 
 The Company's employee separation costs generally consist of severance charges which include, but are not limited to, termination payments, pension fund payments, and health care and unemployment insurance costs to be paid to, or on behalf of, 
 82 

Cash payments ) ) ) Restructuring charges Adjustments (1) 
 ) ) Impact of foreign currency fluctuations ) ) ) Accrual balance as of September 30, 2019 Cash payments ) ) ) ) Restructuring charges Adjustments (1) 
 ) ) Impact of foreign currency fluctuations Accrual balance as of September 30, 2020 Cash payments ) ) ) ) ) Restructuring charges Adjustments (1) 
 ) Impact of foreign currency fluctuations ) ) Accrual balance as of September 30, 2021 
 (1) Includes changes in estimates for increases and decreases in costs related to the Company's restructuring programs, which are recorded in Restructuring charges, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations in the period of the adjustment. 
 (2) Payments related to the fiscal 2021 restructuring program are expected to be completed in fiscal 2027. 
 (3) Payments related to the fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018 and prior restructuring programs are expected to be completed in fiscal 2026. 
 
 11. 
 Tranche B Term Loans due December 15, 2024 Tranche B-1 Term Loans due December 15, 2027 Tranche B-2 Term Loans due December 15, 2027 Convertible 2.25 Senior Notes due June 15, 2023 Total Long-term debt 
 Term Loan and ABL Credit Agreements 
 On December 15, 2017, Avaya Inc. entered into (i) the Term Loan Credit Agreement among Avaya Inc., as borrower, Avaya Holdings, the lending institutions from time to time party thereto, and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent and collateral agent, which provided a million term loan facility maturing on December 15, 2024 (the "Term Loan Credit Agreement") and (ii) the ABL Credit Agreement maturing on December 15, 2022, among Avaya Inc., as borrower, Avaya Holdings, the several other borrowers party thereto, the several lenders from time to time party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent, which provided a revolving credit facility consisting of a U.S. tranche and a foreign 
 83 

million from time to time, subject to borrowing base availability (the "ABL Credit Agreement" and, together with the Term Loan Credit Agreement, the "Credit Agreements"). 
 On June 18, 2018, the Company amended the Term Loan Credit Agreement ("Amendment No.1") to reduce interest rates and to reduce the London Inter-bank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") floor. After Amendment No.1, the Term Loan Credit Agreement (a) in the case of alternative base rate ("ABR") Loans, bore interest at a rate per annum equal to plus the highest of (i) the Federal Funds Rate plus , (ii) the U.S. prime rate as publicly announced in the Wall Street Journal and (iii) the LIBOR Rate for an interest period of one month and (b) in the case of LIBOR Loans, bore interest at a rate per annum equal to plus the applicable LIBOR rate, subject to a floor. As a result of Amendment No.1, outstanding loan balances under the original Term Loan Credit Agreement were paid in full and new debt was issued for the same outstanding principal amount. 
 On September 25, 2020, the Company closed a private offering of million aggregate principal amount of its Senior First Lien Notes due September 15, 2028 (the Senior Notes, which are described in more detail below). On September 25, 2020, the Company also amended the Term Loan Credit Agreement Amendment No. 2 ), pursuant to which the maturity of million in principal amount of the first lien term loans outstanding under the Term Loan Credit Agreement was extended from December 2024 to December 2027. Amendment No. 2 also made certain other changes to the Term Loan Credit Agreement, including with respect to the change of control provisions. Concurrently with Amendment No. 2, the Company used the net proceeds from the issuance of its Senior Notes after debt issuance costs to repurchase and prepay million of certain first lien term loans under the Term Loan Credit Agreement whose maturity was not extended pursuant to Amendment No. 2. 
 The Company evaluated the issuance of the Senior Notes, the million principal prepayment on the Term Loan Credit Agreement and Amendment No. 2 (collectively the Debt Transactions under the loan modification and extinguishment guidance within ASC 470. The Debt Transactions were accounted for as a partial modification, partial extinguishment and new debt issuance at the syndicated lender level. Based on the application of the loan modification and extinguishment guidance within ASC 470 to the Debt Transactions, the Company capitalized million of new debt issuance costs and underwriting discounts as a reduction to Long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheets; recorded million of new debt issuance costs and underwriting discounts within Interest Expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations; and wrote-off a portion of the original underwriting discount on the Term Loan Credit Agreement of million to Interest expense. 
 On February 24, 2021, the Company again amended the Term Loan Credit Agreement Amendment No. 3 ). Prior to February 24, 2021, the Term Loan Credit Agreement matured in two tranches, with a principal amount of million maturing on December 15, 2024 (the Tranche B Term Loans and a principal amount of million maturing on December 15, 2027 (the Tranche B-1 Term Loans ). Pursuant to Amendment No. 3 the Company prepaid, replaced and refinanced the Tranche B Term Loans outstanding with million in cash and million in principal amount of new first lien term loans due December 2027 (the Tranche B-2 Term Loans ). The Tranche B-2 Term Loans bear interest at a rate with applicable margin of per annum with respect to base rate borrowings and per annum with respect to LIBOR borrowings. Amendment No. 3 was primarily accounted for as a loan modification at the syndicated lender level. Based on the application of the loan modification guidance within ASC 470, the Company recorded million of new debt issuance costs within Interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Lenders who exited their positions in the Tranche B Term Loans as a result of Amendment No. 3 were accounted for as a loan extinguishment. Accordingly, the Company wrote-off a portion of the original underwriting discount of million within Interest expense. 
 For fiscal 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized interest expense of million and million, respectively, related to the Term Loan Credit Agreement, including the expenses associated with the refinancing transactions described above and the amortization of the underwriting discount and issuance costs. For fiscal 2019, the Company recognized interest expense of million related to the Term Loan Credit Agreement, including the amortization of the underwriting discount. 
 On September 25, 2020, the Company also amended the ABL Credit Agreement to, among other things, extend its maturity to September 25, 2025, subject to customary adjustments to the extent certain indebtedness matures prior to such date. The total commitments under the ABL Credit Agreement were also reduced from million to million, subject to borrowing base availability. As a result of the amendment, the Company capitalized million of issuance costs within Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets in accordance with ASC 470. 
 Prior to the effectiveness of the September 25, 2020 amendment, the ABL Credit Agreement bore interest at the following rates: 
 1. In the case of Base Rate Loans denominated in U.S. dollars, at a rate per annum equal to (subject to a step-up or step-down based on availability) plus the highest of (i) the Federal Funds Rate plus , (ii) the U.S. prime rate as publicly announced by Citibank, N.A. and (iii) the LIBOR Rate for an interest period of one month; 
 2. In the case of LIBOR Rate Loans denominated in U.S. dollars, at a rate per annum equal to (subject to a step-up or step-down based on availability) plus the applicable LIBOR Rate; 
 84 

(subject to a step-up or step-down based on availability) plus the highest of (i) the "Base Rate" as publicly announced by Citibank, N.A., Canadian branch and (ii) the rate of interest per annum equal to the average rate applicable to Canadian Dollar Bankers Rate ("CDOR Rate") for an interest period of ; 
 4. In the case of CDOR Rate Loans denominated in Canadian dollars, at a rate per annum equal to (subject to a step-up or step-down based on availability) plus the applicable CDOR Rate; 
 5. In the case of LIBOR Rate Loans denominated in Sterling, at a rate per annum equal to (subject to a step-up or step-down based on availability) plus the applicable LIBOR Rate; 
 6. In the case of Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR Rate") Loans denominated in Euro, at a rate per annum equal to (subject to a step-up or step-down based on availability) plus the applicable LIBOR Rate; and 
 7. In the case of Overnight LIBOR Rate Loans, at a rate per annum equal to (subject to a step-up or step-down based on availability) plus the applicable Overnight LIBOR Rate. 
 Subsequent to the effectiveness of the September 25, 2020 amendment, the ABL Credit Agreement bears interest at the following rates: 
 1. In the case of Base Rate Loans denominated in U.S. dollars, at a rate per annum equal to (subject to a step-up or step-down based on availability) plus the highest of (i) the Federal Funds Rate plus , (ii) the U.S. prime rate as publicly announced by Citibank, N.A. and (iii) the LIBOR Rate for an interest period of one month; 
 2. In the case of LIBOR Rate Loans denominated in U.S. dollars, at a rate per annum equal to (subject to a step-up or step-down based on availability) plus the applicable LIBOR Rate; 
 3. In the case of Canadian Prime Rate Loans denominated in Canadian dollars, at a rate per annum equal to (subject to a step-up or step-down based on availability) plus the highest of (i) the "Base Rate" as publicly announced by Citibank, N.A., Canadian branch and (ii) the rate of interest per annum equal to the average rate applicable to Canadian Dollar Bankers Rate ("CDOR Rate") for an interest period of ; 
 4. In the case of CDOR Rate Loans denominated in Canadian dollars, at a rate per annum equal to (subject to a step-up or step-down based on availability) plus the applicable CDOR Rate; 
 5. In the case of LIBOR Rate Loans denominated in Sterling, at a rate per annum equal to (subject to a step-up or step-down based on availability) plus the applicable LIBOR Rate; 
 6. In the case of Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR Rate") Loans denominated in Euro, at a rate per annum equal to (subject to a step-up or step-down based on availability) plus the applicable LIBOR Rate; and 
 7. In the case of Overnight LIBOR Rate Loans, at a rate per annum equal to (subject to a step-up or step-down based on availability) plus the applicable Overnight LIBOR Rate. 
 The Credit Agreements limit, among other things, the ability of Avaya Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries to (i) incur indebtedness, (ii) incur liens, (iii) dispose of assets, (iv) make investments, (v) make dividends, or conduct redemptions and repurchases of capital stock, (vi) prepay junior indebtedness or amend junior indebtedness documents, (vii) enter into restricted agreements, (viii) enter into transactions with affiliates and (ix) modify the terms of any of their organizational documents. The Credit Agreements also contain customary representations, warranties and events of default. 
 The Term Loan Credit Agreement does not contain any financial covenants. The ABL Credit Agreement does not contain any financial covenants other than a requirement to maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of : that becomes applicable only in the event that the net borrowing availability under the ABL Credit Agreement is less than the greater of million and of the lesser of the total borrowing base and the ABL commitments (commonly known as the "line cap"). 
 Under the terms of the ABL Credit Agreement, the Company can issue letters of credit up to million. At September 30, 2021, the Company had issued and outstanding letters of credit and guarantees of million under the ABL Credit Agreement. As of September 30, 2021, the Company had borrowings outstanding under the ABL Credit Agreement. The aggregate additional principal amount that may be borrowed under the ABL Credit Agreement, based on the borrowing base less million of outstanding letters of credit and guarantees, was million at September 30, 2021. For each of fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, the Company recognized interest expense of million related to the ABL Credit Agreement, primarily resulting from the unused commitment fee. 
 Senior Notes 
 As noted above, on September 25, 2020, the Company s Senior Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, among the Company, the Company's subsidiaries that are guarantors of the Senior Notes and party thereto (the Guarantors and 
 85 

per annum on March 15 and September 15 of each year, commencing on March 15, 2021 until their maturity date of September 15, 2028. 
 The Senior Notes are guaranteed on a senior secured basis by Avaya and each of the Company s other wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries that guarantee the Company s term loan credit facility (the Term Loan Facility under the Company s Term Loan Credit Agreement and asset-based revolving credit facility (the ABL Facility under the Company s ABL Credit Agreement. The Senior Notes and related guarantees are secured on a first lien basis by substantially all assets of the Company and the Guarantors (other than any excluded collateral as defined in the indenture or ABL Priority Collateral (as defined below)) which assets also secure the Company s and each Guarantor s obligations under the Term Loan Facility ratably on a pari passu basis, subject to permitted liens. The Senior Notes and related guarantees are also secured on a second-lien basis ratably on a pari passu basis with the Term Loan Facility, subject to permitted liens, by certain of the assets of the Company and the Guarantors that secure obligations under the ABL Facility on a first-lien basis (the ABL Priority Collateral ). 
 The Senior Notes contain covenants that, among other things, limit the Company s ability and the ability of its restricted subsidiaries to: incur or guarantee additional indebtedness or issue disqualified stock or certain preferred stock; pay dividends and make other distributions or repurchase stock; make certain investments; create or incur liens; sell assets; enter into restrictions affecting the ability of restricted subsidiaries to make distributions, loans or advances or transfer assets to the Company or the Guarantors; enter into certain transactions with the Company s affiliates; designate restricted subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries; and merge, consolidate or transfer or sell all or substantially all of the Company s or the Guarantors assets. These covenants are subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications. 
 The Company may redeem the Senior Notes at any time, in whole or in part, at any time prior to maturity. The redemption price for Senior Notes that are redeemed before September 15, 2023 will be equal to of the principal amount of the Senior Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, plus an applicable make-whole premium. The redemption price for Senior Notes that are redeemed on or after September 15, 2023 will be equal to redemption prices as set forth in the indenture, together with any accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, the Company may redeem up to of the Senior Notes using the proceeds of certain equity offerings completed before September 15, 2023. 
 During fiscal 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized interest expense of million and million, respectively, related to the Senior Notes, including the amortization of debt issuance costs. 
 Convertible Notes 
 On June 11, 2018, the Company issued its Convertible Notes with an aggregate principal amount of million (including notes issued in connection with the underwriters exercise in full of an over-allotment option of million), which mature on June 15, 2023 (the "Convertible Notes"). The Convertible Notes were issued under an indenture (the "Indenture"), by and between the Company and the Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company N.A., as Trustee. The Company received net proceeds from the offering of million after giving effect to debt issuance costs, including the underwriting discount, the net cash used to purchase a bond hedge and the proceeds from the issuance of warrants, which are discussed below. 
 The Convertible Notes accrue interest at a rate of per annum, payable semi-annually on June 15 and December 15 of each year. On or after March 15, 2023, and until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders may convert the Convertible Notes at the holders' option. 
 Holders may convert the Convertible Notes, at the holders' option, prior to March 15, 2023 only under the following circumstances: 
 during any calendar quarter, if the last reported sale price of the Company's common stock for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to of the conversion price on each applicable trading day; 
 during the five business day period after any five consecutive trading day period (the "Measurement Period") in which the trading price per principal amount of the Convertible Notes for each trading day of the Measurement Period was less than of the product of the last reported sales price of the Company's common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; or 
 upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. 
 The Convertible Notes are convertible at an initial rate of shares per of principal (equivalent to an initial conversion price of per share of the Company's common stock). The conversion rate is subject to customary adjustments for certain events as described in the Indenture. Upon conversion, the Company will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of its common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of its common stock, at the Company's election. It is the Company s current intent to settle conversions of the Convertible Notes through combination settlement, which involves 
 86 

of the principal amount of the Convertible Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. If holders elect to convert the Convertible Notes in connection with a make-whole fundamental change, as described in the Indenture, the Company will, to the extent provided in the Indenture, increase the conversion rate applicable to the Convertible Notes. 
 The Indenture does not contain any financial or operating covenants or restrictions on the payment of dividends, the incurrence of indebtedness, or the issuance or repurchase of securities by the Company or any of its subsidiaries. The Indenture contains customary events of default with respect to the Convertible Notes. 
 For fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, the Company recognized interest expense of million, million and million related to the Convertible Notes, which includes million, million and million of amortization of the underwriting discount and issuance costs, respectively. 
 Less: Unamortized debt discount ) ) Unamortized issuance costs ) ) Net carrying amount 
 
 Bond Hedge and Call Spread Warrants 
 In connection with the issuance of the Convertible Notes, the Company also entered into privately negotiated transactions to purchase hedge instruments ("Bond Hedge"), covering million shares of its common stock at a cost of million. The Bond Hedge is subject to anti-dilution provisions substantially similar to those of the Convertible Notes, has a strike price of per share, is exercisable by the Company upon any conversion of the Convertible Notes, and expires on June 15, 2023. 
 The Company also sold warrants for the purchase of up to million shares of its common stock for aggregate proceeds of million ("Call Spread Warrants"). The Call Spread Warrants have a strike price of per share and are subject to customary anti-dilution provisions. The Call Spread Warrants will expire in ratable portions on a series of expiration dates commencing on September 15, 2023. 
 The Bond Hedge and Call Spread Warrants are intended to reduce the potential dilution with respect to the Company s common stock and/or reduce the Company s exposure to potential cash payments that the Company may be required to make upon conversion of the Convertible Notes by, in effect, increasing the conversion price, from the Company s economic standpoint, to per share. However, the Call Spread Warrants could have a dilutive effect with respect to the Company's common stock or, if the Company so elects, obligate the Company to make cash payments to the extent that the market price of common stock exceeds per share on any date upon which the Call Spread Warrants are exercised. 
 87 

2023 2024 2025 2026 and thereafter Total 
 The weighted average contractual interest rate of the Company s outstanding debt was , as of both September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, including adjustments related to the Company s interest rate swap agreements (see Note 12, Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities"). The effective interest rate for the Term Loan Credit Agreement as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 was not materially different than its contractual interest rate including adjustments related to interest rate swap agreements designated as highly effective cash flow hedges. The effective interest rate for the Senior Notes as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 was not materially different than its contractual interest rate. The effective interest rate for the Convertible Notes as of both September 30, 2021 and 2020 was reflecting the separation of the conversion feature in equity. The effective interest rates include interest on the debt and amortization of discounts and issuance costs. 
 As of September 30, 2021, the Company was not in default under any of its debt agreements. 
 
 12. 
 counterparties, which fix a portion of the variable interest due under its Term Loan Credit Agreement (the "Original Swap Agreements"). Under the terms of the Original Swap Agreements, which mature on December 15, 2022, the Company pays a fixed rate of and receives a variable rate of interest based on one-month LIBOR. Through September 23, 2020, the total million notional amount of the Original Swap Agreements were designated as cash flow hedges and deemed highly effective as defined under ASC 815. 
 On September 23, 2020, the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement for a notional amount of million (the Offsetting Swap Agreement ). Under the terms of the Offsetting Swap Agreement, which matures on December 15, 2022, the Company pays a variable rate of interest based on one-month LIBOR and receives a fixed rate of . The Company entered into the Offsetting Swap Agreement to maintain a net notional amount less than the amount of the Company s variable rate loans outstanding. The Offsetting Swap Agreement was not designated for hedge accounting treatment. On September 23, 2020, Original Swap Agreements with a notional amount of million were also de-designated from hedge accounting treatment. As of September 30, 2021, Original Swap Agreements with a notional amount of million continue to be designated as cash flow hedges and deemed highly effective as defined under ASC 815. 
 On July 1, 2020, the Company entered into interest rate swap agreements with counterparties, which fix a portion of the variable interest due on its Term Loan Credit Agreement (the "Forward Swap Agreements") from December 15, 2022 (the maturity date of the Original Swap Agreements) through December 15, 2024. Under the terms of the Forward Swap Agreements, the Company will pay a fixed rate of and receive a variable rate of interest based on one-month LIBOR. The total notional amount of the Forward Swap Agreements is million. Since their execution, the Forward Swap Agreements have been designated as cash flow hedges and deemed highly effective as defined by ASC 815. 
 The Company records changes in the fair value of interest rate swap agreements designated as cash flow hedges initially within Accumulated other comprehensive loss in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As interest expense is recognized on the Term Loan Credit Agreement, the corresponding deferred gain or loss on the cash flow hedge is reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive loss to Interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company records changes in the fair value of interest rate swap agreements not designated for hedge accounting within Interest expense. On September 23, 2020, the Company froze a million deferred loss within Accumulated other comprehensive loss for the de-designated Original Swap Agreements, which is reclassified to Interest expense over the term of the Original Swap Agreements. 
 88 

million would be reclassified to Interest expense in the next twelve months. 
 It is management's intention that the net notional amount of interest rate swap agreements be less than or equal to the variable rate loans outstanding during the life of the derivatives. 
 Foreign Currency Forward Contracts 
 The Company, from time to time, utilizes foreign currency forward contracts primarily to hedge fluctuations associated with certain monetary assets and liabilities including receivables, payables and certain intercompany balances. These foreign currency forward contracts are not designated for hedge accounting treatment. As a result, changes in the fair value of these contracts are recorded as a component of Other income, net to offset the change in the value of the hedged assets and liabilities. As of September 30, 2021, the Company maintained open foreign currency forward contracts with a total notional value of million, primarily hedging the British Pound Sterling, Indian Rupee, Czech Koruna and Mexican Peso. As of September 30, 2020, the Company maintained open foreign currency forward contracts with a total notional value of million, primarily hedging the British Pound Sterling, Euro, Chinese Renminbi and Indian Rupee. 
 Emergence Date Warrants 
 In accordance with the bankruptcy plan of reorganization adopted in connection with the Company's emergence from bankruptcy on December 15, 2017 (the "Plan of Reorganization"), the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of the Company's common stock to the holders of the second lien obligations extinguished pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization (the "Emergence Date Warrants"). Each Emergence Date Warrant has an exercise price of per share and expires on December 15, 2022. The Emergence Date Warrants contain certain derivative features that require them to be classified as a liability and for changes in the fair value of the liability to be recognized in earnings each reporting period. On November 14, 2018, the Company's Board of Directors approved a warrant repurchase program, authorizing the Company to repurchase up to million worth of the Emergence Date Warrants. None of the Emergence Date Warrants have been exercised or repurchased as of September 30, 2021. 
 The fair value of the Emergence Date Warrants was determined using a probability weighted Black-Scholes option pricing model. This model requires certain input assumptions including risk-free interest rates, volatility, expected life and dividend rates. Selection of these inputs involves significant judgment. 
 Risk-free interest rates Contractual remaining life (in years) Price per share of common stock 
 89 

Interest rate contracts Other current liabilities Interest rate contracts Other liabilities Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments: Interest rate contracts Other current liabilities Interest rate contracts Other liabilities Foreign exchange contracts Other current assets Foreign exchange contracts Other current liabilities Emergence Date Warrants Other liabilities Total derivative fair value) ) ) ) Impact of cash flow hedging relationships: Gain (loss) recognized in AOCI on interest rate swaps ) ) Interest expense reclassified from AOCI ) ) )) ) Foreign exchange contracts Other income (expense), net ) ) 
 90 

Gross amount subject to offset in master netting arrangements not offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets ) ) ) ) Net amounts 
 
 13. 
 Foreign exchange contracts Total assets Liabilities: Interest rate contracts Foreign exchange contracts Emergence Date Warrants Total liabilities 
 Interest rate and foreign exchange contracts classified as Level 2 assets and liabilities are not actively traded and are valued using pricing models that use observable inputs. 
 91 

Tranche B Term Loans due December 15, 2024 Tranche B-1 Term Loans due December 15, 2027 Tranche B-2 Term Loans due December 15, 2027 Convertible 2.25 Senior Notes due June 15, 2023 Total 
 The estimated fair value of the Company's Senior Notes and Term Loans was determined using Level 2 inputs based on a market approach utilizing market-clearing data on the valuation date in addition to bid/ask prices. The estimated fair value of the Convertible Notes was determined based on the quoted price of the Convertible Notes in an inactive market on the last trading day of the reporting period and has been classified as Level 2. 
 The fair values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses, to the extent the underlying liability will be settled in cash, approximate their carrying values because of the short-term nature of these instruments. 
 
 14. ) ) Foreign ) Income (Loss) before income taxes ) ) PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES: CURRENT Federal ) ) ) State and local ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) ) ) ) DEFERRED Federal State and local Foreign ) ) Provision for income taxes ) ) ) 
 92 

Net operating losses/credit carryforwards Property, plant and equipment Other/accrued liabilities Valuation allowance ) ) Gross deferred income tax assets DEFERRED INCOME TAX LIABILITIES: Goodwill and intangible assets ) ) Other/accrued liabilities ) Gross deferred income tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred income tax liabilities ) ) 
 State and local income taxes, net of federal income tax effect Tax differentials on foreign earnings ) Loss on foreign subsidiaries Taxes on unremitted foreign earnings and profits ) ) Non-deductible portion of goodwill ) ) Adjustment to deferred taxes ) Audit settlements and accruals Credits and other taxes ) Impact of Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ) ) Warrants ) Rate changes ) ) ) Non-deductible expenses ) ) ) Valuation allowance ) ) ) Other differences net ) ) Provision for income taxes ) ) ) 
 In fiscal 2020 and 2019, the Company recognized goodwill impairment charges of million and million, respectively. See Note 7, "Goodwill" for further discussion. 
 In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, the Company considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company has considered a range of positive and negative evidence, including whether there has been a cumulative loss in the past three years and the scheduled reversal of deferred tax assets and liabilities, projected future taxable income and certain tax planning strategies in assessing the realization of its deferred tax assets. Based on this assessment, the Company determined that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets in certain significant jurisdictions, including the U.S., Germany, and Luxembourg, will not be realized to the extent they exceed the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities. 
 93 

million, million and million, respectively, primarily driven by changes in the deferred tax effects related to movements in other comprehensive income and changes in NOLs. At September 30, 2021, the valuation allowance of million is comprised of million, million, million and million related to the U.S., Germany, Luxembourg, and other foreign subsidiaries, respectively. The recognition of valuation allowances will continue to adversely affect the Company's effective income tax rate. 
 As of September 30, 2021, the Company had tax-effected NOLs and credits of million, comprised of million for U.S. state and local taxes and million for foreign taxes, including million and million in Germany and Luxembourg, respectively. 
 The U.S. state NOLs expire through fiscal 2041, with the majority expiring in excess of years. The majority of foreign NOLs have no expiration. 
 The Company has established a deferred tax liability for U.S. taxes and non-U.S. withholding taxes to be incurred upon the remittance of foreign earnings which was million as of September 30, 2021. The Company has a taxable difference of million as of September 30, 2021 which was permanently reinvested. The Company estimates the unrecorded deferred tax liability on the outside basis difference to be million. 
 As of September 30, 2021, there were million of unrecognized tax benefits ("UTBs") associated with uncertain tax positions and an additional million of accrued interest and penalties related to these amounts. The Company estimates million of UTBs would affect the effective tax rate if recognized. The reduction in the balance during fiscal 2021 is primarily related to the expiration of relevant statute of limitations. At this time, the Company is unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments in connection with these tax liabilities. The Company s policy is to include interest and penalties related to its uncertain tax positions within the provision for income taxes. Included in the provision for income taxes in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 was a net interest expense of million, million and million, respectively. The Company files corporate income tax returns with the federal government in the U.S. and with multiple U.S. state and local jurisdictions and foreign tax jurisdictions. In the ordinary course of business these income tax returns will be examined by the tax authorities. Various foreign income tax returns, such as Brazil, Germany, India, Ireland, Israel, Italy, and Saudi Arabia are under examination by taxing authorities for tax years ranging from through . It is reasonably possible that the total amount of UTB will decrease by an estimated million in the next 12 months as a result of these examinations and by an estimated million as a result of the expiration of the statute of limitations. 
 The following table summarizes the activity for the Company's gross UTB balance: 
 Additions based on tax positions relating to the period Changes based on tax positions relating to prior periods ) Statute of limitations expirations ) Gross UTB balance at September 30, 2019 Additions based on tax positions relating to the period Changes based on tax positions relating to prior periods ) Settlements ) Statute of limitations expirations ) Gross UTB balance at September 30, 2020 Additions based on tax positions relating to the period Settlements ) Statute of limitations expirations ) Gross UTB balance at September 30, 2021 
 
 15. 
 94 

million reduction in the accumulated benefit obligation with an offset to Accumulated other comprehensive loss in the Consolidated Balance Sheet during fiscal 2019. 
 In December 2020, the post-retirement medical plan coverage provided through the Company's group plan for retirees who retired after April 30, 2019 and their eligible dependents and future represented retirees and their eligible dependents was replaced with coverage through the private and public insurance marketplace. As a result, the U.S. represented post-retirement plan was remeasured, which resulted in the recognition of a million reduction to the accumulated benefit obligation with an offset to the Accumulated other comprehensive loss in the Consolidated Balance Sheet during fiscal 2021. The decrease was mainly driven by the change in medical coverage, partially offset by changes in actuarial assumptions. 
 In March 2021, the Company entered into an irrevocable buy-out agreement with an insurance company to settle million of its post-retirement life insurance projected benefit obligations related to certain salaried and represented retirees and their beneficiaries who were retired as of March 26, 2021. The transaction was funded with post-retirement life insurance plan assets with a value of million. As a result of this transaction, a settlement gain of million was recognized within Other income, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations during fiscal 2021. 
 As of February 2021, the Company and the Communications Workers of America ("CWA") and the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers ("IBEW"), agreed to extend the 2009 Collective Bargaining Agreement ("CBA") until June 24, 2023. The contract extensions did not affect the Company s obligation for pension and post-retirement benefits available to U.S. employees of the Company who are represented by the CWA or IBEW ("represented employees"). 
 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial (gain) loss ) Benefits paid ) ) Projected benefit obligation at end of period Change in plan assets Fair value of plan assets at beginning of period Actual return on plan assets Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of period Funded status at end of period ) ) Amount recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets consists of: Accrued benefit liability, noncurrent ) ) Net amount recognized ) ) Amount recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive loss (pre-tax) consists of: Net actuarial loss Net amount recognized Weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations Discount rate Rate of compensation increase 
 95 

Service cost Interest cost Actuarial gain ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Foreign currency exchange rate changes ) Other Projected benefit obligation at end of period Change in plan assets Fair value of plan assets at beginning of period Actual return on plan assets Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) Foreign currency exchange rate changes Fair value of plan assets at end of period Funded status at end of period ) ) Amount recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets consists of: Noncurrent assets Accrued benefit liability, current ) ) Accrued benefit liability, noncurrent ) ) Net amount recognized ) ) Amount recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive loss (pre-tax) consists of: Net actuarial loss Net amount recognized Weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations Discount rate Rate of compensation increase 
 96 

Service cost Interest cost Actuarial (gain) loss ) Benefits paid ) ) Plan amendments ) Settlements ) Benefit obligation at end of period Change in plan assets Fair value of plan assets at beginning of period Actual return on plan assets Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) Settlements ) Fair value of plan assets at end of period Funded status at end of period ) ) Amount recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets consists of: Asset, noncurrent 6 Accrued benefit liability, current ) ) Accrued benefit liability, noncurrent ) ) Net amount recognized ) ) Amount recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive loss (pre-tax) consists of: Net prior service credit ) ) Net actuarial (gain) loss ) Net amount recognized ) Weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations Discount rate Rate of compensation increase 
 As of September 30, 2021, the change in the projected benefit obligation for U.S. pension and non-U.S. pension benefit plans were mainly driven by higher discount rates. The change in the other post-retirement benefit plans was driven by a higher discount rate as well as the settlement and plan amendment described in more detail above. 
 As of September 30, 2020, the change in the projected benefit obligation for U.S. pension and U.S. post-retirement benefit plans were driven by declines in the discount rates. The change in the projected benefit obligation for non-U.S. pension plans was driven by a lower expected rate of payment increases, offset by the impact of foreign currency exchange rates. 
 97 

for the U.S. pension plans, for the non-U.S. pension plans and for the post-retirement plans, an increase of basis points, basis points and basis points from the prior year for the U.S. pension plans, the non-U.S. pension plans and the post-retirement benefit plans, respectively. As of September 30, 2021, this had the effect of decreasing the projected U.S. pension, non-U.S. pension and post-retirement benefit obligations by million, million and million, respectively. For fiscal 2022, this will have a minimal effect on the U.S. pension and post-retirement service cost. 
 The Company uses the White-Collar PRI-2012 Private Retirement Plans Mortality Tables to reflect its estimate of future mortality for its salaried post-retirement benefit plans. For the U.S. pension and represented post-retirement benefit plans, the Company continued to use the PRI-2012 Private Retirement Plans Mortality Tables . The Company's mortality rate assumptions use the projected mortality improvement scale, Mortality Projection-2020 , as published by the Society of Actuaries. As of September 30, 2021, the mortality rate assumptions did not materially impact the projected U.S. pension and post-retirement obligations. 
 Plans with accumulated and projected benefit obligations in excess of plan assets Projected benefit obligation Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets 
 The following table provides the accumulated benefit obligation for all post-retirement benefit plans and information for post-retirement benefit plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets: 
 Post-retirement Benefits - U.S. (In millions) September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 Accumulated benefit obligation for all plans 179 431 Plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets Accumulated benefit obligation 164 431 Fair value of plan assets 206 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 - 2031 Total 
 98 

Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of actuarial loss Net periodic benefit credit ) ) ) Weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost Discount rate Expected return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase Pension Benefits - Non-U.S. Components of net periodic benefit cost Service cost Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Net periodic benefit cost Weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost Discount rate Expected return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase Post-retirement Benefits - U.S. Components of net periodic benefit (credit) cost Service cost Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of prior service credit ) ) Amortization of actuarial loss (gain) ) Settlement gain ) Net periodic benefit (credit) cost ) Weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit (credit) cost Discount rate Expected return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase 
 The service components of net periodic benefit (credit) cost were recorded similar to compensation expense, while all other components were recorded in Other income (expense), net. 
 The Company's general funding policy with respect to its U.S. qualified pension plans is to contribute amounts at least sufficient to satisfy the minimum amount required by applicable law and regulations, or to directly pay benefits where appropriate. In March 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the "CARES Act") was signed into law, providing limited relief for pension funding and retirement plan distributions. Under the CARES Act, employers were permitted to delay contributions for single employer defined benefit pension plans until January 2021. Contributions to U.S. pension plans were million, million and million for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. In March 2021, the American Rescue Plan Act (the "ARP Act") was signed into law, providing limited interest-rate relief provisions and an extended shortfall 
 99 

million for both fiscal 2021 and 2020. For fiscal 2019, contributions to the non-U.S. pension plans were million. In fiscal 2022, the Company estimates that it will make contributions totaling million for non-U.S. plans. 
 Most post-retirement medical benefits are not pre-funded. Consequently, the Company makes payments directly to the claims administrator as retiree medical benefit claims are disbursed. These payments are funded by the Company up to the maximum contribution amounts specified in the plan documents and contract with the CWA and IBEW, and contributions from the participants, if required. The Company made payments for retiree medical and dental benefits of million, million and million for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, which were net of reimbursements received from the represented employees' post-retirement health trust of million in fiscal 2021 and million in fiscal 2020 and 2019 related to payments in prior periods. The Company estimates it will make payments for retiree medical and dental benefits totaling million during fiscal 2022. 
 ) ) Amortization of actuarial loss Total recognized in Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total recognized in net periodic benefit credit and Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Pension Benefits - Non-U.S. Net gain (loss) ) Foreign exchange rate loss Total recognized in Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Post-retirement Benefits - U.S. Net gain (loss) ) ) Prior service credit Amortization of prior service credit ) ) Amortization of actuarial loss (gain) ) Settlement gain ) Total recognized in Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 
 
 The expected long-term rate of return on U.S. pension and post-retirement benefit plan assets is selected by applying forward-looking capital market assumptions to the strategic asset allocation approved by the governing body for each plan. The forward-looking capital market assumptions are developed by an investment adviser and reviewed by the Company for reasonableness. The return and risk assumptions consider such factors as anticipated long-term performance of individual asset classes, risk premium for active management based on qualitative and quantitative analysis, and correlations of the asset classes that comprise the asset portfolio. 
 
 100 

Equity Securities Hedge Funds Real Estate Commodities Other (1) 
 Total Pension Benefits - Non-U.S. Debt Securities Asset Allocation Fund Insurance Contracts Total Post-retirement Benefits - U.S. Equity Securities Debt Securities Total 
 (1) Other includes cash/cash equivalents, derivative financial instruments and payables/receivables for pending transactions. 
 The Company s asset management strategy focuses on the dual objectives of improving the funded status of the pension plans and reducing the impact of changes in interest rates on the funded status. To improve the funded status of the pension plans, assets are invested in a diversified mix of asset classes designed to generate higher returns over time, than the pension benefit obligation discount rate assumption. To reduce the impact of interest rate changes on the funded status of the pension plans, assets are invested in a mix of fixed income investments (including long-term debt) that are selected based on the characteristics of the benefit obligation of the pension plans. Strategic asset allocation is the principal method for achieving the Company s investment objectives, which are determined in the course of periodic asset-liability studies. The most recent asset-liability study was completed in 2019 for the pension plans. 
 As part of the Company s asset management strategy, investments are professionally managed and diversified across multiple asset classes and investment styles to minimize exposure to any one specific investment. Derivative instruments (such as forwards, futures, swaptions and swaps) may be held as part of the Company s asset management strategy. However, the use of derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes is prohibited by the Company s investment policy. Also, as part of the Company s investment strategy, the U.S. pension plans invest in hedge funds, real estate funds, private equity and commodities to provide additional uncorrelated returns. 
 The fair value of plan assets is determined by the trustee and reviewed by the Company, in accordance with the accounting guidance for fair value measurements and the fair value hierarchy discussed in Note 13, "Fair Value Measurements." Because of the inherent uncertainty of valuation, estimated fair values may differ significantly from the fair values that would have been used had quoted prices in an active market existed. 
 101 

Total assets in the fair value hierarchy Investments measured at net asset value: (b) 
 Real estate (c) 
 Private equity (d) 
 Multi-strategy hedge funds (e) 
 Investment funds: (f) 
 Cash equivalents Long duration fixed income High-yield debt U.S. equity Non-U.S. equity Emerging market equity Commodities Total investments measured at net asset value Other plan assets, net Total plan assets at fair value 
 (a) Includes U.S. Treasury STRIPS, which are generally valued using institutional bid evaluations from various contracted pricing vendors. Institutional bid evaluations are estimated prices that represent the price a dealer would pay for a security. Pricing inputs to the institutional bid evaluation vary by security and include benchmark yields, reported trades, unadjusted broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, bids, offers or other observable market data. 
 (b) These investments are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share or its equivalent ("NAV") and have therefore not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. 
 (c) Includes open ended real estate commingled funds, close ended real estate limited partnerships, and insurance company separate accounts that invest primarily in U.S. office, lodging, retail and residential real estate. The insurance company separate accounts and the commingled funds account for their portfolio of assets at fair value and calculate the NAV on either a monthly or quarterly basis. Shares can be redeemed at the NAV on a quarterly basis, provided a written redemption request is received in advance (generally 45-91 days) of the redemption date. Therefore, the undiscounted NAV is used as the fair value measurement. For limited partnerships, the fair value of the underlying assets and the capital account for each investor is determined by the General Partner ("GP"). The valuation techniques used by the GP generally consist of unobservable inputs such as discounted cash flow analysis, analysis of recent comparable sales transactions, actual sale negotiations and bona fide purchase offers received from third parties. The partnerships are typically funded over time as capital is needed to fund asset purchases, and distributions from the partnerships are received as the partnerships liquidate their underlying asset holdings. Therefore, the life cycle for a typical investment in a real estate limited partnership is expected to be approximately 10 years from initial funding. 
 (d) Includes limited partner interests in various limited partnerships ("LPs") that invest primarily in U.S. and non-U.S. investments either directly, or through other partnerships or funds with a focus on venture capital, buyouts, expansion capital, or companies undergoing financial distress or significant restructuring. The NAV of the LPs and of the capital account of each investor is determined by the GP of each LP. Marketable securities held by the LPs are valued based on the closing price on the valuation date on the exchange where they are principally traded and may be adjusted for legal restrictions, if any. Investments without a public market are valued based on assumptions made and valuation techniques used by the GP, which consist of unobservable inputs. Such valuation techniques may include discounted cash flow analysis, analysis of recent comparable sales transactions, actual sale negotiations and bona fide purchase offers received from third parties. The LPs are typically funded over time as capital is needed to fund purchases and distributions are received as the partnerships liquidate their underlying asset holdings. 
 (e) Includes hedge funds and funds of funds that pursue multiple strategies to diversify risks and reduce volatility. The funds 
 102 

Asset allocation Insurance contracts (c) 
 Total plan assets at fair value 
 (a) These investments are measured at fair value using the NAV and have therefore not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. 
 (b) Includes collective investment funds that invest in various asset classes including U.S. and non-U.S. corporate debt and equity, and derivatives. The funds account for their portfolio of assets at fair value and calculate the NAV of the funds on a daily basis, and shares can be redeemed at the NAV. Therefore, the undiscounted NAV as reported by the funds is used as the fair value measurement. 
 (c) Most non-U.S. pension plans are funded through insurance contracts, which provide for a guaranteed interest credit and a profit-sharing adjustment based on the actual performance of the underlying investment assets of the insurer. The fair value of the contract is determined by the insurer based on the premiums paid by the Company plus interest credits plus the profit-sharing adjustment less benefit payments. The underlying assets of the insurer are invested in compliance with local rules or law, which tend to require a high allocation to fixed income securities. 
 The following table summarizes the fair value of the post-retirement plan assets by asset class: 
 As of September 30, (In millions) 2021 2020 Investments measured at net asset value: (a) 
 Group life insurance contract measured at net asset value (b) 
 Total plan assets at fair value 
 (a) These investments are measured at fair value using the NAV and have therefore not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. 
 fixed income securities, U.S. equity securities and non-U.S. equity securities. 
 Savings Plans 
 Substantially all of the Company s U.S. employees are eligible to participate in savings plans sponsored by the Company. The plans allow employees to contribute a portion of their compensation on a pre-tax and after-tax basis in accordance with specified guidelines. The Company matches a percentage of employee contributions up to certain limits. The Company's expense related to these savings plans was million for fiscal 2021 and million for both fiscal 2020 and 2019. 
 
 16. 
 103 

shares of common stock (the "Initial Pool") that may be issued or granted, which can be adjusted for shares that become available from existing awards issued under the Company's prior equity incentive plans in accordance with the terms of the 2019 Plan. The Initial Pool will be reduced by one share of common stock for every option granted and 1.7 shares for any awards granted other than options . As of September 30, 2021, there were shares available to be granted under the 2019 Plan. If any awards granted under the 2019 Plan expire, terminate or are canceled or forfeited for any reason without having been exercised in full, the number of shares of common stock underlying any unexercised award will again be available for issuance under the 2019 Plan. Any award under the 2019 Plan settled in cash will not be counted against the foregoing maximum share limitations. Shares withheld by the Company in satisfaction of the applicable exercise price or withholding taxes upon the issuance, vesting or settlement of awards, shares reacquired by the Company on the open market or otherwise using cash proceeds from the exercise of options, in each case, shall not be available for future issuance under the 2019 Plan. 
 Stock options and RSUs granted to employees generally vest ratably over a period of . PRSUs granted to certain senior executive employees vest at the end of a service period. Awards granted to non-employee directors vest immediately. The aggregate grant date fair value of all awards granted to a ny non-employee director during any fiscal year (excluding awards made pursuant to deferred compensation arrangements made in lieu of all or a portion of cash retainers and any dividends payable in respect of outstanding awards) may not exceed . 
 Pre-tax share-based compensation expense for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 was million, million and million, respectively, and the income tax benefit recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for share-based compensation arrangements was million, million and million, respectively. Pre-tax share-based compensation expense for fiscal 2021 includes million related to the Stock Bonus Program described in more detail below. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 Compensation cost for RSUs granted to employees and non-employee directors is generally measured by using the closing market price of the Company's common stock at the date of grant. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested at September 30, 2021 
 As of September 30, 2021, there was million of unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to RSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a period up to years, or years on a weighted average basis. The weighted average grant date fair value for RSUs granted during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 was , and , respectively. The total grant date fair value of RSUs vested during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 104 

, and , respectively. 
 Risk-free interest rate (2) 
 Dividend yield (3) 
 
 (1) Expected volatility was based on the Company's historical data for awards granted in fiscal 2021. Expected volatility was based on a blend of Company and peer group company historical data adjusted for the Company's leverage for awards granted in fiscal 2020 and 2019. 
 (2) Risk-free interest rate based on U.S. Treasury yields with a term equal to the remaining Performance Period as of the grant date. 
 (3) Dividend yield was assumed to be zero as the Company does not anticipate paying dividends on its common stock. 
 The Company has also granted PRSUs which become eligible to vest if prior to the vesting date the average closing price of one share of the Company s Common Stock for sixty consecutive days equals or exceeds a specified price (the Market PRSUs ). The grant date fair value of the Market PRSUs is recognized as expense ratably over the vesting period and is not adjusted in future periods for the success or failure to achieve the specified market condition. 
 The grant date fair value of Market PRSUs granted during fiscal 2019 was . There were Market PRSUs granted during fiscal 2021 or 2020. 
 Risk-free interest rate (2) 
 Dividend yield (3) 
 
 (1) Expected volatility based on a blend of Company and peer group company historical data adjusted for the Company's leverage. 
 (2) Risk-free interest rate based on U.S. Treasury yields with a term equal to the remaining Performance Period as of the grant date. 
 (3) Dividend yield was assumed to be zero as the Company does not anticipate paying dividends on its common stock. 
 Granted Change in shares due to performance Forfeited ) Non-vested at September 30, 2021 
 (1) The weighted average grant date fair value of the PRSUs is calculated using the grant date fair value of each award at the target level of attainment which may differ from the grant date fair value associated with the probable outcome of each award at the reporting date. 
 As of September 30, 2021, there was million of unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to PRSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a period of years or years on a weighted average basis. 
 105 

shares can be issued under the Stock Bonus Program. The number of shares issuable under the Stock Bonus Program will be determined based on the attainment of specified annual performance targets and the weighted average closing price of the Company's common stock over a specified 5-trading day period. The Stock Bonus Program is classified as a liability. The Company records compensation cost over the fiscal year for the expected dollar value of the award and will adjust compensation expense for the awards based on its best estimate of attainment of its performance conditions. The cumulative effect of a change in the estimated value of the award will be recognized as an adjustment to earnings in the period of the revision. 
 Stock Options 
 The Black-Scholes option pricing model was used to value all options granted in fiscal 2020. The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted in fiscal 2020 was . There were options granted during fiscal 2021 or 2019. 
 Expected volatility (1) 
 Expected life (in years) (2) 
 Risk-free interest rate (3) 
 Dividend yield (4) 
 
 (1) Expected volatility based on peer group companies adjusted for the Company's leverage. 
 (2) Expected life based on the vesting terms of the option and a contractual life of ten years. 
 (3) Risk-free interest rate based on U.S. Treasury yields with a term equal to the expected option term. 
 (4) Dividend yield was assumed to be zero as the Company does not anticipate paying dividends on its common stock. 
 
 Exercised ) Forfeited or expired ) Outstanding at September 30, 2021 Exercisable at September 30, 2021 
 The intrinsic value is the difference between the Company's common stock price and the option exercise price. During fiscal 2021, there were stock options exercised with a weighted average exercise price of . There were stock options exercised during fiscal 2020 and 2019. The total pretax intrinsic value of stock options exercised during fiscal 2021 was million. The total grant date fair value of stock options vested during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 On January 8, 2020, the Board approved the Avaya Holdings Corp. 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("ESPP"). A maximum of shares of the Company's common stock has been reserved for issuance under the ESPP. Under the ESPP, eligible employees may purchase the Company's common stock through payroll deductions at a discount not to exceed of the lower of the fair market values of the Company's common stock as of the beginning or end of each 3-month offering period. Payroll deductions are limited to of the employee's eligible compensation and a maximum of shares of the Company's common stock may be purchased by an employee each offering period. During fiscal 2021, the Company withheld million of eligible employee compensation for purchases of common stock and issued shares of common stock 
 106 

shares of common stock were available for future issuance under the ESPP. 
 The grant date fair value for shares issued under the ESPP is measured on the date that each offering period commences. The average grant date fair value for the offering periods that commenced during fiscal 2021 and 2020 was and per share, respectively. 
 Risk-free interest rate (2) 
 Dividend yield (3) 
 
 (1) Expected volatility based on the Company's historical data. 
 (2) Risk-free interest rate based on U.S. Treasury yields with a term equal to the length of the offering period. 
 (3) Dividend yield was assumed to be zero as the Company does not anticipate paying dividends on its common stock. 
 As of September 30, 2021, there was million of unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to the ESPP, which is expected to be recognized over a period of years. 
 
 17. 
 shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share. 
 On October 31, 2019, the Company issued shares of its Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share ("Series A Preferred Stock"), to RingCentral for an aggregate purchase price of million. The Series A Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of the Company's common stock at an initial conversion price of per share, which represents an approximately interest in the Company's common stock on an as-converted basis as of September 30, 2021, assuming no holders of options, warrants, convertible notes or similar instruments exercise their exercise or conversion rights. The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, on an as-converted basis, together with holders of the Company's common stock on all matters submitted to a vote of the holders of the common stock. Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive dividends, in preference and priority to holders of the Company's common stock, which accrue on a daily basis at the rate of per annum of the stated value of the Series A Preferred Stock. The stated value of the Series A Preferred Stock was initially per share and will be increased by the sum of any dividends on such shares not paid in cash. These dividends are cumulative and compound quarterly. The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock participate in any dividends the Company pays on its common stock, equal to the dividend which holders would have received if their Series A Preferred Stock had been converted into common stock on the date such common stock dividend was determined. In the event the Company is liquidated or dissolved, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive an amount equal to the liquidation preference (which equals the then stated value plus any accrued and unpaid dividends) for each share of Series A Preferred Stock before any distribution is made to holders of the Company's common stock. 
 The Series A Preferred Stock are redeemable at the Company's election upon the termination of the Framework Agreement. In addition, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock have certain rights to require the Company to redeem or put rights to require the Company to repurchase all or any portion of the Series A Preferred Stock. The holders can exercise such redemption rights, upon at least 21 days' notice, after the termination of the Framework Agreement or upon the occurrence of certain events. If and to the extent the redemption right is exercised, the Company would be required to purchase each share of Series A Preferred Stock at the per share price equal to the stated value of the Series A Preferred Stock which will be increased by the sum of any dividends on such shares that have accrued and have been paid in kind, plus all accrued but unpaid dividends. Given that the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock may require the Company to redeem all or a portion of its shares, the Series A Preferred Stock is classified in the mezzanine section of the Consolidated Balance Sheets between Total liabilities and Stockholders' equity. During fiscal 2021 and 2020, the carrying value of the Series A Preferred Stock increased million and million due to accreted dividends paid in kind, respectively. As of September 30, 2021, the carrying value of the Series A Preferred Stock was million, which includes million of accreted dividends paid in kind. 
 In connection with the issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock, the Company granted RingCentral certain customary consent rights with respect to certain actions by the Company, including amending the Company's organizational documents in a manner that would have an adverse effect on the Series A Preferred Stock and issuing securities that are senior to, or equal in priority with, the Series A Preferred Stock. In addition, pursuant to an investor rights agreement, until such time when RingCentral and its affiliates hold or beneficially own less than shares of the Company's common stock (on an as- 
 107 

shares of preferred stock outstanding. 
 Common Stock 
 The Company's certificate of incorporation authorizes it to issue up to shares of common stock with a par value of per share. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, there were and shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 
 The Company maintains a warrant repurchase program that authorizes the Company to repurchase Emergence Date Warrants for an aggregate expenditure of up to million. The repurchases may be made from time to time in the open market, through block trades or in privately negotiated transactions. The Company may adopt one or more purchase plans pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in order to implement the warrant repurchase program. The warrant repurchase program does not obligate the Company to purchase any warrants and may be terminated, increased or decreased by the Board of Directors in its discretion at any time. As of September 30, 2021, there were warrant repurchases under the program. 
 The Company maintains a share repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase the Company's common stock for an aggregate expenditure of up to million. The repurchases may be made from time to time in the open market, through block trades or in privately negotiated transactions. The Company adopted purchase plans pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, to implement the share repurchase program. The share repurchase program does not obligate the Company to purchase any common stock and may be terminated, increased or decreased by the Board of Directors in its discretion at any time. All shares that are repurchased under the program are retired by the Company. During fiscal 2021 and 2020, the Company repurchased and shares of its common stock, respectively, at a weighted average price per share of and , respectively, including transaction costs. As of September 30, 2021, the remaining authorized amount for share repurchases under this program was million. 
 
 18. 
 million shares of its common stock in connection with the issuance of Convertible Notes ("Call Spread Warrants") were exercised; and/or if the Emergence Date Warrants were exercised, resulting in the issuance of common shares that would participate in the earnings of the Company. In periods with net losses, no incremental shares are reflected as their effect would be anti-dilutive. 
 108 

) ) Dividends and accretion to preferred stockholders ) ) Undistributed loss Percentage allocated to common stockholders (1) 
 Numerator for basic and diluted loss per common share ) ) ) Denominator for basic and diluted loss per weighted average common shares Loss per common share 
 Basic ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) (1) Basic weighted average common stock outstanding 
 Basic weighted average common stock and common stock equivalents (preferred shares) 
 Percentage allocated to common stockholders 
 
 The Company's Series A Preferred Stock are participating securities, which requires the application of the two-class method to calculate basic and diluted earnings per share. Under the two-class method, undistributed earnings are allocated to common stock and participating securities according to their respective participating rights in undistributed earnings, as if all the earnings for the period had been distributed. Basic loss per common share is computed by dividing the net loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Net loss attributable to common stockholders is reduced for preferred stock dividends earned and accretion recognized during the period. No allocation of undistributed earnings to participating securities was performed for periods with net losses as such securities do not have a contractual obligation to share in the losses of the Company. 
 For fiscal 2021, the Company excluded million RSUs, million stock options, million shares issuable under the ESPP, million Emergence Date Warrants, and million shares of Series A Preferred Stock from the diluted loss per share calculation as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. The Company also excluded million PRSUs from the diluted loss per share calculation as their performance metrics have not been attained or their effect would have been anti-dilutive. For fiscal 2020, the Company excluded million RSUs, million stock options, million shares issuable under the ESPP, million Emergence Date W arrants, a nd million shares of Series A Preferred Stock from the diluted loss per share calculation as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. The Company also excluded million PRSUs from the diluted loss per share calculation as their performance metrics have not been attained or their effect would have been anti-dilutive. For fiscal 2019, the Company excluded million RSUs, million stock options, and million Emergence Date Warrants from the diluted loss per share calculation as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. The Company also excluded million PRSUs from the diluted loss per share calculation as their performance metrics have not been attained. 
 The Company's Convertible Notes and Call Spread Warrants were also excluded from the diluted loss per share calculation for fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019 as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. For purposes of considering the Convertible Notes in determining diluted loss per share, the Company has the ability and current intent to settle conversions of the Convertible Notes through combination settlement by repaying the principal portion in cash and any excess of the conversion value over the principal amount (the "Conversion Premium") in shares of the Company's common stock. Therefore, if it would have a dilutive impact, only the impact of the Conversion Premium will be included in diluted weighted average shares outstanding using the treasury stock method. The Call Spread Warrants will not be considered in calculating diluted weighted average shares outstanding until the price per share of the Company s common stock exceeds the strike price of per share. When the price per share of the Company s common stock exceeds the strike price per share of the Call Spread Warrants, the effect of the additional shares that may be issued upon exercise of the Call Spread Warrants will be included in diluted weighted average shares outstanding using the treasury stock method. 
 109 

19. 
 Services Unallocated Amounts (1) 
 ) ) ) GROSS PROFIT Products Solutions Services Unallocated Amounts (2) 
 ) ) ) OPERATING EXPENSES Selling, general and administrative Research and development Amortization of intangible assets Impairment charges Restructuring charges, net OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) ) ) INTEREST EXPENSE AND OTHER INCOME, NET ) ) ) INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES ) ) 
 (1) Unallocated amounts in Revenue represent the fair value adjustment to deferred revenue recognized upon emergence from bankruptcy and excluded from segment revenue. 
 (2) Unallocated amounts in Gross Profit mainly include the effect of the amortization of technology intangibles and the fair value adjustments recognized upon emergence from bankruptcy which are excluded from segment gross profit. 
 110 

Services Unallocated Assets (1) 
 Total 
 (1) Unallocated Assets consist of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, contract assets, contract costs, deferred income tax assets, property, plant and equipment, operating lease right-of-use assets, acquired intangible assets and other assets. Unallocated Assets are managed at the corporate level and are not identified with a specific segment. 
 Geographic Information 
 International: EMEA APAC Asia Pacific Americas International Canada and Latin America Total International Total 
 (1) Represents property, plant and equipment, net. 

20. 
 ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications 
 ) ) ) Amounts reclassified to earnings Benefit from income taxes Balance as of September 30, 2019 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified to earnings Benefit from income taxes Balance as of September 30, 2020 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications Amounts reclassified to earnings ) Provision for income taxes ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2021 ) ) ) ) 
 Reclassifications from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to changes in unamortized pension, post-retirement and post-employment benefit-related items are recorded in Other income, net. Reclassifications from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to the unrealized loss on interest rate swap agreements are recorded in Interest 
 111 

21. 
 directors, including the Company's Chief Executive Officer, James M. Chirico, Jr., and non-employee directors, William D. Watkins, Stephan Scholl, Susan L. Spradley, Stanley J. Sutula III, Robert Theis, Scott D. Vogel and Jacqueline E. Yeaney. Robert Theis, who is an independent director of RingCentral, attends the Company's Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee as a non-voting member. 
 Specific Arrangements Involving the Company s Current Directors and Executive Officers 
 During fiscal 2020, Stephan Scholl assumed the role of Chief Executive Officer of Alight Solutions LLC ("Alight"), a provider of integrated benefits, payroll and cloud solutions, and he also serves on its board of directors. During fiscal 2021 and 2020, the Company purchased goods and services from subsidiaries of Alight of million and million, respectively. As of September 30, 2021, outstanding accounts payable due to Alight were not material. As of September 30, 2020, the Company had outstanding accounts payable due to Alight of million. 
 
 22. 
 from the date of sale depending upon the product subject to the warranty. The Company accrues a provision for estimated future warranty costs based upon the historical relationship of warranty claims to sales. The Company periodically reviews the adequacy of its product warranties and adjusts, if necessary, the warranty percentage and accrued warranty reserve, which is included in other current and non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, for actual experience. As of both September 30, 2021 and 2020, the amount reserved for product warranties was million. For fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, product warranty expense recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Operations was million, million and million, respectively. 
 Guarantees of Indebtedness and Other Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 Letters of Credit and Guarantees 
 The Company provides guarantees, letters of credit and surety bonds to various parties as required for certain transactions initiated during the ordinary course of business to guarantee the Company's performance in accordance with contractual or legal 
 112 

million. The outstanding letters of credit are collateralized by restricted cash of million which is included in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2021. 
 Purchase Commitments and Termination Fees 
 The Company purchases components from a variety of suppliers and uses several contract manufacturers to provide manufacturing services for its products. During the normal course of business, to manage manufacturing lead times and to help assure adequate component supply, the Company enters into agreements with contract manufacturers and suppliers that allow them to produce and procure inventory based upon forecasted requirements provided by the Company. If the Company does not meet these specified purchase commitments, it could be required to purchase the inventory, or in the case of certain agreements, pay an early termination fee. Historically, the Company has not been required to pay a charge for not meeting its designated purchase commitments with these suppliers, but has been obligated to purchase certain excess inventory levels from its outsourced manufacturers due to actual sales of product varying from forecast and due to transition of manufacturing from one vendor to another. 
 The Company s outsourcing agreements with its most significant contract manufacturers automatically renew in July and September for successive periods of twelve months each, subject to specific termination rights for the Company and the contract manufacturers. All manufacturing of the Company s products is performed in accordance with either detailed requirements or specifications and product designs furnished by the Company and is subject to quality control standards. 
 Transactions with Nokia 
 Pursuant to the Contribution and Distribution Agreement effective October 1, 2000 (the "Contribution and Distribution Agreement"), Nokia Corporation ("Nokia", formerly known as Lucent Technologies, Inc. ("Lucent")) contributed to the Company substantially all of the assets, liabilities and operations associated with its enterprise networking businesses (the "Contributed Businesses") and distributed the Company s stock pro-rata to the shareholders of Lucent ("distribution"). The Contribution and Distribution Agreement, among other things, provides that, in general, the Company will indemnify Nokia for all liabilities including certain pre-distribution tax obligations of Nokia relating to the Contributed Businesses and all contingent liabilities primarily relating to the Contributed Businesses or otherwise assigned to the Company. In addition, the Contribution and Distribution Agreement provides that certain contingent liabilities not allocated to one of the parties will be shared by Nokia and the Company in prescribed percentages. The Contribution and Distribution Agreement also provides that each party will share specified portions of contingent liabilities based upon agreed percentages related to the business of the other party that exceed million. The Company is unable to determine the maximum potential amount of other future payments, if any, that it could be required to make under this agreement. 
 In addition, in connection with the distribution, the Company and Lucent entered into a Tax Sharing Agreement effective October 1, 2000 (the "Tax Sharing Agreement") that governs Nokia s and the Company s respective rights, responsibilities and obligations after the distribution with respect to taxes for the periods ending on or before the distribution. Generally, pre-distribution taxes or benefits that are clearly attributable to the business of one party will be borne solely by that party and other pre-distribution taxes or benefits will be shared by the parties based on a formula set forth in the Tax Sharing Agreement. The Company may be subject to additional taxes or benefits pursuant to the Tax Sharing Agreement related to future settlements of audits by state and local and foreign taxing authorities for the periods prior to the Company s separation from Nokia. 
 
 23. 
 
 113 

TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY LIABILITIES Long-term debt Other liabilities TOTAL LIABILITIES Commitments and contingencies Convertible series A preferred stock; 125,000 shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2021 and 2020 TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY TOTAL LIABILITIES, PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 114 

) ) Selling, general and administrative ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) Other (expense) income, net ) ) LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAXES ) ) ) Provision for income taxes NET LOSS ) ) ) Less: Dividends and accretion on Series A preferred stock ) ) Undistributed loss Percentage allocated to common stockholders NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS ) ) ) LOSS PER SHARE AVAILABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS Basic ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding Basic Diluted ) ) Equity in other comprehensive income (loss) of Avaya Inc. ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 
 
 115 

) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used for operating activities: Equity in net (income) loss of Avaya Inc. ) Share-based compensation Amortization of debt issuance costs Change in fair value of emergence date warrants ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities Net cash used for operating activities ) ) INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Net cash used for investing activities FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from intercompany borrowings Repayment of intercompany borrowings ) Proceeds from issuance of Series A Preferred Stock, net of issuance costs of 4 Shares repurchased under the share repurchase program ) ) Preferred stock dividends paid ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 116 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of September 30, 2021, the end of the period covered by this report, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's management, including the Company's Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, that evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Based on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2021 to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 The Company s management, including the CEO and CFO, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO") . Based on that evaluation, management has concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2021 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company s independent registered public accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, has issued an audit report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting, which appears in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) during the quarter ended September 30, 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 None. 
 117 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Information required by this item will be included in an amendment hereto or a definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Information required by this item will be included in an amendment hereto or a definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Information required by this item will be included in an amendment hereto or a definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Information required by this item will be included in an amendment hereto or a definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 Information required by this item will be included in an amendment hereto or a definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. 
 118 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) (1) Financial Statements - The information required by this item is included in Part II Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules - The information required by this item is included in Note 9, "Supplementary Financial Information," to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (3) Exhibits - See Index to Exhibits, which is incorporated by reference in this Item. The Exhibits listed in the accompanying Index to Exhibits are filed herewith or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (b) Exhibits - See Index to Exhibits, which is incorporated by reference in this Item. The Exhibits listed in the accompanying Index to Exhibits are filed herewith or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Incorporated by Reference Filed Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 2.1 Second Amended Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization of Avaya Inc. and its Debtor Affiliates 
 10-12B 001-38289 2.1 December 15, 2017 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Avaya Holdings Corp. 
 10-12B 001-38289 3.1 December 15, 2017 3.2 Certificate of Designations of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 
 8-K 001-38289 3.1 October 31, 2019 3.3 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Avaya Holdings Corp. 
 8-K 001-38289 3.1 May 13, 2021 4.1 Form of Certificate of Common Stock of Avaya Holdings Corp. 
 10-12B 001-38289 4.1 December 15, 2017 4.2 Form of Registration Rights Agreement between Avaya Holdings Corp. and the stockholders party thereto 
 10-12B 001-38289 4.2 December 15, 2017 4.3 Description of Capital Stock 
 10-K 001-38289 4.3 November 29, 2019 4.4 Warrant Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2017, between Avaya Holdings Corp. and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC 
 10-12B 001-38289 4.6 December 15, 2017 4.5 Form of Warrant Certificate 
 10-12B 001-38289 4.7 December 15, 2017 4.6 Indenture, dated June 11, 2018, by and between Avaya Holdings Corp. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. 
 8-K 001-38289 4.1 June 12, 2018 4.7 Indenture, dated September 25, 2020, among Avaya Inc., the guarantors named therein and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee and notes collateral agent 
 10-K 001-38289 4.7 November 25, 2020 10.1 Investment Agreement, dated as of October 3, 2019, by and between Avaya Holdings Corp. and RingCentral, Inc. 
 8-K 001-38289 10.1 October 3, 2019 10.2 Investor Rights Agreement, dated October 31, 2019, by and between Avaya Holdings Corp. and RingCentral, Inc. 
 8-K 001-38289 10.1 October 31, 2019 10.3 + 
 First Amended and Restated Framework Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2020, by and between Avaya Inc. and RingCentral, Inc. 
 10-Q 001-38289 10.1 February 10, 2020 10.4 Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2017, by and among Avaya Inc., Avaya Holdings Corp., Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent and collateral agent, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and each lender from time to time party thereto 
 10-12B 001-38289 10.5 December 22, 2017 
 119 

Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Incorporated by Reference Filed Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.5 Amendment No. 1, dated as of June 18, 2018, to the Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2017, among Avaya Inc., as borrower, Avaya Holdings Corp., the lenders from time to time party thereto, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, and the other parties from time to time party thereto 
 8-K 001-38289 10.1 June 20, 2018 10.6 Amendment No. 2, dated as of September 25, 2020, to the Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2017, among Avaya Inc., as borrower, Avaya Holdings Corp., the lenders from time to time party thereto, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, and the other parties from time to time party thereto 
 10-K 001-38289 10.6 November 25, 2020 10.7 Amendment No. 3, dated as of February 24, 2021, to the Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2017, among Avaya Inc., as borrower, Avaya Holdings Corp., the lenders from time to time party thereto, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, and the other parties from time to time party thereto 
 10-Q 001-38289 10.1 May 10, 2021 10.8 ABL Credit Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2017, among Avaya Inc., Avaya Holdings Corp., Avaya Canada Corp., Avaya UK, Avaya International Sales Limited, Avaya Deutschland GmbH, Avaya GmbH Co. KG, Citibank, N.A. as collateral agent and administrative agent, the lending institutions from time to time party thereto and the lending institutions named therein as letters of credit issuers and swing line lenders 
 10-12B 001-38289 10.6 December 22, 2017 10.9 Amendment No. 1, dated as of September 25, 2020, to the ABL Credit Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2017, among Avaya Inc., Avaya Holdings Corp., Avaya Canada Corp., Avaya UK, Avaya International Sales Limited, Avaya Deutschland GmbH, Avaya GmbH Co. KG, Citibank, N.A. as collateral agent and administrative agent, the lending institutions from time to time party thereto and the lending institutions named therein as letters of credit issuers and swing line lenders 
 10-K 001-38289 10.8 November 25, 2020 10.10 Avaya Holdings Corp. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 
 10-12B 001-38289 10.7 December 15, 2017 10.11 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Emergence Award Agreement Pursuant to the Avaya Holdings Corp. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan for James M. Chirico, Jr. 
 10-12B 001-38289 10.12 December 22, 2017 10.12 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Emergence Award Agreement Pursuant to the Avaya Holdings Corp. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan for Senior Executives 
 10-12B 001-38289 10.13 December 22, 2017 10.13 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the Avaya Holdings Corp. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 
 10-Q 001-38289 10.1 August 14, 2018 10.14 Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the Avaya Holdings Corp. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 
 10-Q 001-38289 10.1 February 15, 2019 
 120 

Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Incorporated by Reference Filed Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.15 Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to the Avaya Holdings Corp. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 
 10-Q 001-38289 10.2 February 15, 2019 10.16 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors pursuant to the Avaya Holdings Corp. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 
 10-Q 001-38289 10.1 May 15, 2018 10.17 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors pursuant to the Avaya Holdings Corp. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 
 10-Q 001-38289 10.3 February 15, 2019 10.18 Avaya Holdings Corp. 2019 Omnibus Inducement Equity Plan 
 S-8 333-234716 99.2 November 15, 2019 10.19 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the Avaya Holdings Corp. 2019 Omnibus Inducement Equity Plan 
 10-Q 001-38289 10.4 February 10, 2020 10.20 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement Pursuant to the Avaya Holdings Corp. 2019 Omnibus Inducement Equity Plan 
 10-Q 001-38289 10.5 February 10, 2020 10.21 Avaya Holdings Corp. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Sch 14A 333-234716 Annex B January 17, 2020 10.22 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the Avaya Holdings Corp. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 
 10-Q 001-38289 10.1 May 11, 2020 10.23 Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the Avaya Holdings Corp. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 
 10-Q 001-38289 10.3 May 11, 2020 10.24 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the Avaya Holdings Corp. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 
 10-K 001-38289 10.29 November 25, 2020 10.25 Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the Avaya Holdings Corp. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 
 10-K 001-38289 10.30 November 25, 2020 10.26 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the Avaya Holdings Corp. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 
 10-Q 001-38289 10.2 May 10, 2021 10.27 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement pursuant to the Avaya Holdings Corp. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 
 10-Q 001-38289 10.3 May 10, 2021 10.28 Form of Non-Employee Director Deferred Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the Avaya Holdings Corp. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 
 10-Q 001-38289 10.4 May 11, 2020 10.29 Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the Avaya Holding Corp. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 
 X 10.30 Avaya Holdings Corp. 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 10-Q 001-38289 10.5 May 11, 2020 10.31 Avaya Inc. Executive Annual Incentive Plan, effective March 7, 2018 
 8-K 001-38289 10.1 March 8, 2018 10.32 Avaya Inc. Involuntary Separation Plan for Senior Executives, dated December 11, 2020 
 10-Q 001-38289 10.1 February 9, 2021 10.33 Avaya Inc. Change in Control Severance Plan, dated May 16, 2018 
 8-K 001-38289 10.2 May 18, 2018 10.34 First Amendment to Avaya Inc. Change in Control Severance Plan, dated May 16, 2018, effective February 11, 2019 
 10-Q 001-38289 10.4 February 15, 2019 10.35 Base Convertible Bond Hedge Confirmation, by and between Avaya Holdings Corp. and Barclays Bank PLC, dated June 6, 2018 
 8-K 001-38289 10.1 June 12, 2018 
 121 

Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Incorporated by Reference Filed Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.36 Base Convertible Bond Hedge Confirmation, by and between Avaya Holdings Corp. and Credit Suisse Capital LLC, dated June 6, 2018 
 8-K 001-38289 10.2 June 12, 2018 10.37 Base Convertible Bond Hedge Confirmation, by and between Avaya Holdings Corp. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, dated June 6, 2018 
 8-K 001-38289 10.3 June 12, 2018 10.38 Base Warrant Confirmation, by and between Avaya Holdings Corp. and Barclays Bank PLC, dated June 6, 2018 
 8-K 001-38289 10.4 June 12, 2018 10.39 Base Warrant Confirmation, by and between Avaya Holdings Corp. and Credit Suisse Capital LLC, dated June 6, 2018 
 8-K 001-38289 10.5 June 12, 2018 10.40 Base Warrant Confirmation, by and between Avaya Holdings Corp. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, dated June 6, 2018 
 8-K 001-38289 10.6 June 12, 2018 10.41 Additional Convertible Bond Hedge Confirmation, by and between Avaya Holdings Corp. and Barclays Bank PLC, dated June 26, 2018 
 8-K 001-38289 10.1 June 28, 2018 10.42 Additional Convertible Bond Hedge Confirmation, by and between Avaya Holdings Corp. and Credit Suisse Capital LLC, dated June 26, 2018 
 8-K 001-38289 10.2 June 28, 2018 10.43 Additional Convertible Bond Hedge Confirmation, by and between Avaya Holdings Corp. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, dated June 26, 2018 
 8-K 001-38289 10.3 June 28, 2018 10.44 Additional Warrant Confirmation, by and between Avaya Holdings Corp. and Barclays Bank PLC, dated June 26, 2018 
 8-K 001-38289 10.4 June 28, 2018 10.45 Additional Warrant Confirmation, by and between Avaya Holdings Corp. and Credit Suisse Capital LLC, dated June 26, 2018 
 8-K 001-38289 10.5 June 28, 2018 10.46 Additional Warrant Confirmation, by and between Avaya Holdings Corp. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, dated June 26, 2018 
 8-K 001-38289 10.6 June 28, 2018 10.47 Executive Employment Agreement, dated November 13, 2017, between James M. Chirico, Jr. and Avaya Inc. 
 10-12B 001-38289 10.8 December 15, 2017 10.48 Amendment No. 1 to Executive Employment Agreement, dated January 3, 2020, between James M. Chirico, Jr. and Avaya Inc. 
 8-K 001-38289 10.1 January 6, 2020 10.49 Employment Offer Letter, dated January 30, 2019, between Kieran McGrath and Avaya Inc. 
 10-K 001-38289 10.38 November 29, 2019 10.50 Employment Offer Letter, dated November 16, 2017, between Shefali Shah and Avaya Inc. 
 10-K 001-38289 10.39 November 29, 2019 10.51 Employment Offer Letter, dated November 3, 2019, between Anthony F. Bartolo and Avaya Inc. 
 10-K 001-38289 10.53 November 25, 2020 10.52 Employment Offer Letter, dated August 9, 2020, between Stephen D. Spears and Avaya Inc. 
 10-K 001-38289 10.54 November 25, 2020 10.53 Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement 
 10-12B 001-38289 10.1 December 22, 2017 21.1 List of Subsidiaries 
 X 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 X 31.1 Certification of James M. Chirico, Jr. pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 31.2 Certification of Kieran J. McGrath, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 32.1 Certification of James M. Chirico, Jr. pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 
 122 

Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Incorporated by Reference Filed Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 32.2 Certification of Kieran J. McGrath, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. X 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema X 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase X 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase X 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase X 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Formatted as Inline XBRL in Exhibit 101) X 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 + Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K, which portions will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 (c) Not applicable. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on November 22, 2021. 
 AVAYA HOLDINGS CORP. By: /s/ K EVIN S PEED 
 Name: Kevin Speed Title: Global Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 123 

Signature Title Date /s/ J AMES M. C HIRICO, J R. 
 Director, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) November 22, 2021 James M. Chirico, Jr. /s/ K IERAN J . M C G RATH 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) November 22, 2021 Kieran J. McGrath /s/ K EVIN S PEED 
 Global Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer November 22, 2021 Kevin Speed /s/ W ILLIAM D . W ATKINS 
 Chair of the Board of Directors November 22, 2021 William D. Watkins /s/ S TEPHAN S CHOLL 
 Director November 22, 2021 Stephan Scholl /s/ S USAN L . S PRADLEY 
 Director November 22, 2021 Susan L. Spradley /s/ S TANLEY J . S UTULA, III 
 Director November 22, 2021 Stanley J. Sutula, III /s/ R OBERT T HEIS 
 Director November 22, 2021 Robert Theis /s/ S COTT D. V OGEL 
 Director November 22, 2021 Scott D. Vogel /s/ J ACQUELINE E. Y EANEY 
 Director November 22, 2021 Jacqueline E. Yeaney 
 124 

<EX-10.29>
 2
 avaya-ex10292021930x10k.htm
 EX-10.29

Document 
 FY21 Form of PRSU Award Agreement Optional Retirement Provision 
 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 

PERFORMANCE RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT PURSUANT TO THE AVAYA HOLDINGS CORP. 2019 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 Participant #ParticipantName# 
 Grant Date #GrantDate# 
 Grant Number #ClientGrantID# 
 Number of Performance Restricted Stock Units PRSUs Granted #QuantityGranted# 1 
 
 This PERFORMANCE RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT (together with all appendices attached hereto, this Agreement ), dated as of the Grant Date specified above, is entered into by and between Avaya Holdings Corp., a corporation organized in the State of Delaware (the Company ), and the Participant specified above, pursuant to the Avaya Holdings Corp. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, as in effect and as amended from time to time (the Plan ), which is administered by the Committee and 
 WHEREAS, the Committee has determined under the Plan that it would be in the best interests of the Company to grant the Participant a Performance Award in the form of the PRSUs provided herein, each of which represents the right to receive one share of Common Stock upon vesting of such PRSU, subject to the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement and in the Plan. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the parties hereto hereby mutually covenant and agree as follows 
 1. Incorporation by Reference Plan Document Receipt . This Agreement is subject in all respects to the terms, conditions and provisions of the Plan (including, without limitation, any amendments thereto adopted at any time and from time to time unless such amendments are expressly intended not to apply to the Award provided hereunder), all of which terms, conditions and provisions are made a part of and incorporated into this Agreement as if they were each expressly set forth herein. Except as provided otherwise herein, any capitalized term not defined in this Agreement shall have the same meaning as is ascribed thereto in the Plan. The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a true copy of the Plan and that the Participant has read the Plan carefully and fully understands its content and agrees to be bound thereby and hereby. In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall control. 
 2. Grant of PRSUs . The Company hereby grants to the Participant, as of the Grant Date specified above, the number of PRSUs specified above, subject to adjustment as provided for in the Plan, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, including, without limitation, in Appendix I, II and III attached hereto, and the Plan. The number of PRSUs granted 
 
 1 NTD To represent the target number of PRSUs. 

under this Agreement represents the target number of PRSUs that can be earned by the Participant under this Agreement. Except as otherwise provided by the Plan, the Participant agrees and understands that nothing contained in this Agreement provides, or is intended to provide, the Participant with any protection against potential future dilution of the Participant s interest in the Company for any reason, and no adjustments shall be made for dividends in cash or other property, distributions or other rights in respect of the shares of Common Stock, if any, which may be issued pursuant to this Agreement, except as otherwise specifically provided for in the Plan or this Agreement. The PRSUs shall be credited to a separate book-entry account maintained for the Participant on the books of the Company. The Participant s interest in the book-entry account shall be that of a general, unsecured creditor of the Company. 
 3. Vesting . Subject to the Plan and the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the PRSUs subject to this Agreement shall vest on December 10, ___ 2 in accordance with the performance matrix set forth on Appendix I (the Performance Matrix provided that the Participant has not incurred a Termination of Employment prior to such date. 
 4. Settlement . Any PRSUs subject to this Award that vest in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Performance Matrix shall be settled in the manner set forth in the Performance Matrix. 
 5. Non-Transferability . No portion of the PRSUs may be sold, assigned, transferred, encumbered, hypothecated or pledged by the Participant, other than to the Company as a result of forfeiture of the PRSUs as provided herein. 
 6. Governing Law . All questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Agreement, including but not limited to Appendix I, II and or III hereto, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the choice of law principles thereof. Any suit, action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement shall be governed by Section 13.11 of the Plan. 
 7. Legend . The Company may at any time place legends referencing any applicable federal, state or foreign securities law restrictions on all certificates, if any, representing shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to this Agreement. The Participant shall, at the request of the Company, promptly present to the Company any and all certificates, if any, representing shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to this Agreement in the possession of the Participant in order to carry out the provisions of this Section 7 . 
 8. Securities Representations . This Agreement is being entered into by the Company in reliance upon the following express representations and warranties of the Participant. The Participant hereby acknowledges, represents and warrants that 
 (a) The Participant has been advised that the Participant may be an affiliate within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act and in this connection the Company is relying in part on the Participant s representations set forth in this Section 8 . 
 (b) If the Participant is deemed an affiliate within the meaning of Rule 144 of the Securities Act, then any shares of Common Stock issued hereunder must be held indefinitely unless an exemption from any applicable resale restrictions is available or the Company files an additional registration statement (or a re-offer prospectus with regard to such shares of Common Stock and the Company is under no obligation to register any such shares of Common Stock (or to file a re-offer prospectus ). 
 
 2 Three years after the Grant Date. 
 2 

(c) If the Participant is deemed an affiliate within the meaning of Rule 144 of the Securities Act, the Participant understands that (i) the exemption from registration under Rule 144 shall not be available unless (A) a public trading market then exists for the Common Stock, (B) adequate information concerning the Company is then available to the public, and (C) other terms and conditions of Rule 144 or any exemption therefrom are complied with, and (ii) any sale of shares of Common Stock issued hereunder may be made only in limited amounts in accordance with the terms and conditions of Rule 144 or any exemption therefrom. 
 9. Entire Agreement Amendment . Except as expressly set forth herein, this Agreement, together with the Plan, contains the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter contained herein, and supersedes all prior agreements or prior understandings, whether written or oral, between the parties relating to such subject matter provided however, that the restrictive covenants contained in Appendix II hereto are in addition to and not in lieu of any other restrictive covenants by which the Participant may be bound. The Committee shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to modify or amend this Agreement from time to time in accordance with and as provided in the Plan. The Company shall give written notice to the Participant of any such modification or amendment of this Agreement as soon as practicable after the adoption thereof. 
 10. Notices Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . Any notice hereunder by the Participant shall be given to the Company in writing and such notice shall be deemed duly given only upon receipt thereof by the General Counsel of the Company. Any notice hereunder by the Company shall be given to the Participant in writing and such notice shall be deemed duly given only upon receipt thereof at such address as the Participant may have on file with the Company. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to PRSUs awarded under the Plan or future PRSUs that may be awarded under the Plan by electronic means or request the Participant s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. By accepting this Award, the Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
 11. No Right to Employment or Service . Any questions as to whether and when there has been a Termination of Employment and the cause of such Termination of Employment shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Committee. Nothing in this Agreement shall interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Company, its Subsidiaries or its Affiliates to terminate the Participant s employment or service at any time, for any reason and with or without Cause, and shall not guarantee any right to future employment. 
 12. Transfer of Personal Data . The Participant authorizes, agrees and unambiguously consents to the transmission by the Company (or any Subsidiary) of any personal data information related to the PRSUs awarded under this Agreement for legitimate business purposes (including, without limitation, the administration of the Plan), to the extent permitted by applicable law. This authorization and consent is freely given by the Participant. 
 13. Compliance with Laws . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the grant of PRSUs and any issuance of shares of Common Stock hereunder shall be subject to, and shall comply with, any applicable requirements of any foreign and U.S. federal and state securities laws, rules and regulations (including, without limitation, the provisions of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and in each case any respective rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) and any other law, rule regulation or exchange requirement applicable thereto. The Company shall not be obligated to issue the PRSUs or any shares of Common Stock or other property pursuant to this Agreement if any such issuance would violate any such requirements or laws. As a condition to the settlement of the PRSUs, the Company may require 
 3 

the Participant to satisfy any qualifications that may be necessary or appropriate to evidence compliance with any applicable law or regulation. 
 14. Binding Agreement . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, be binding upon, and be enforceable by the Company and its successors and assigns. 
 15. Headings . The titles and headings of the various sections of this Agreement have been inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to be a part of this Agreement. 
 16. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
 17. Further Assurances . Each party hereto shall do and perform (or shall cause to be done and performed) all such further acts and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents as either party hereto reasonably may request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the Plan and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereunder. 
 18. Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provisions of this Agreement in any jurisdiction shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement in such jurisdiction or the validity, legality or enforceability of any provision of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction, it being intended that all rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
 19. Acquired Rights . The Participant acknowledges and agrees that (a) the Company may terminate or amend the Plan at any time (b) the award of PRSUs made under this Agreement is completely independent of any other award or grant and is made at the sole discretion of the Company (c) no past grants or awards (including, without limitation, the PRSUs awarded hereunder) give the Participant any right to any grants or awards in the future whatsoever and (d) any benefits granted under this Agreement are not part of the Participant s ordinary compensation and shall not be considered as part of such compensation in the event of severance, redundancy or resignation. 
 20. Acceptance of Agreement . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in order for this Award to become effective, the Participant must acknowledge acceptance of this Agreement no later than the sixtieth (60 th day following the Grant Date (the Final Acceptance Date ). If the Participant s acceptance of this Agreement does not occur by the Final Acceptance Date, then the entire Award will be forfeited and cancelled without any consideration therefor, except as otherwise determined in the Committee s sole and absolute discretion. 
 21. No Waiver . No waiver or non-action by either party hereto with respect to any breach by the other party of any provision of this Agreement shall be deemed or construed to be a waiver of any succeeding breach of such provision or as a waiver of the provision itself. 
 22. No Rights as a Stockholder . The Participant s interest in the PRSUs shall not entitle the Participant to any rights as a stockholder of the Company. The Participant shall not be deemed to be the holder of, or have any of the rights and privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of, the shares of Common Stock unless and until shares of Common Stock have been issued to the Participant in accordance with this Agreement and the Plan. 
 4 

23. Withholding . Notwithstanding the withholding provision in the Plan or anything else in this Agreement 
 (a) If in the tax jurisdiction in which the Participant resides, a tax withholding obligation arises upon vesting of the PRSUs (regardless of when the Common Stock underlying the PRSUs are delivered to the Participant), on each date that all or a portion of the PRSUs actually vests, if (1) the Company does not have in place an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and there is not a Securities Act exemption available under which the Participant may sell Common Stock or (2) the Participant is subject to a Company-imposed trading blackout, then unless the Participant has made other arrangements satisfactory to the Company, the Company will withhold from the shares of Common Stock to be delivered to the Participant such number of shares of Common Stock as are sufficient in value (as determined by the Company in its sole discretion) to cover the amount of the tax withholding obligation. 
 (b) If in the tax jurisdiction in which the Participant resides, a tax withholding obligation arises upon delivery of the Common Stock underlying the PRSUs (regardless of when vesting occurs), then following each date that all or a portion of the PRSUs actually vests, the Company will defer the delivery of the Common Stock otherwise deliverable to the Participant until the earliest of (1) the date of the Participant s Termination of Employment, (2) the date that the short-term deferral period under Section 409A of the Code expires with respect to such vested RSUs, or (3) the date on which the Company has in place an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or there is a Securities Act exemption available under which the Participant may sell Common Stock and on which the Participant is not subject to a Company-imposed trading blackout (the earliest of such dates, the Delivery Date ). If on the Delivery Date (x) the Company does not have in place an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and there is not a Securities Act exemption available under which the Participant may sell shares of Common Stock or (y) the Participant is subject to a Company-imposed trading blackout, then unless the Participant has made other arrangements satisfactory to the Company, the Company will withhold from the shares of Common Stock to be delivered to the Participant such number of shares of Common Stock as are sufficient in value (as determined by the Company in its sole discretion) to cover the amount of the tax withholding obligation. 3 
 24. Section 409A . Notwithstanding anything herein or in the Plan to the contrary, the PRSUs are intended to be exempt from, or comply with, the applicable requirements of Section 409A of the Code and shall be limited, construed and interpreted in accordance with such intent. The PRSUs shall be subject to the terms of Section 13.8 of the Plan. Notwithstanding any contrary provision in the Plan or this Agreement, any payment(s) of nonqualified deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) that are otherwise required to be made under the Plan or this Agreement to a specified employee (as defined under Section 409A of the Code) as a result of such employee s separation from service (other than a payment that is not subject to Section 409A of the Code) shall be delayed for the first six (6) months following such separation from service and shall instead be paid upon expiration of such delay period (or, if earlier, upon the date of death of the specified employee). Furthermore, notwithstanding any contrary provision of the Plan or this Agreement, any payment of nonqualified deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) under this Agreement shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments. With respect to any PRSUs under this Agreement that are characterized as nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, an event shall not be considered to be a Change in Control under the Plan for purposes of payment of such RSUs unless such event is also a change in ownership, a change in effective control or a change in 
 
 3 Remove if Retirement provision is included. 
 5 

the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. 
 25. Non-U.S. Provisions . The Award and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Award and payable pursuant to Section 4 of this Agreement shall be subject to any special terms and conditions for the Participant's country set forth in Appendix III attached hereto (the Country Addendum ). Moreover, if the Participant relocates to one of the countries included in the Country Addendum, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Participant, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Country Addendum constitutes part of this Agreement. 
 Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank 
 6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of . 
 AVAYA HOLDINGS CORP. 
 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 PARTICIPANT 
 
 To be executed electronically. 

7 

Appendix I 
 PRSUs Performance Matrix 
 The target number of PRSUs eligible to vest and be earned under this Agreement in accordance with this Performance Matrix is #QuantityGranted# (the Target PRSUs ). However, the Participant is eligible to earn between 0 -150 of the Target PRSUs based on the Company s level of achievement of the Performance Factor described below. In no event shall the Participant be eligible to earn more than 150 of the Target PRSUs (the Maximum PRSUs ). 
 This performance award consists of three, separately measured fiscal year performance periods, each from October 1 of each of 2021, 2022, and 2023 through September 30 of each of 2022, 2023, and 2024, respectively (each, a Performance Year , and collectively, the Performance Period ). 
 For each Performance Year, up to 1 3 rd of the Maximum PRSUs shall become eligible to vest (subject to the other terms and conditions set forth herein) based on the applicable Payout Percentage of each component of the Performance Factor. 
 The Performance Factor for this performance award shall consist of the following components (1) Non-GAAP Operating Income (weighted at 60 and (2) ARR OneCloud (weighted at 40 ), in each case, as separately measured for each applicable Performance Year, subject to adjustment in accordance with the TSR Modifier described below. 
 1. Determination of Payout Percentages 
 The Payout Percentage for each component of the Performance Factor shall be calculated based on the level achieved for such component for such Performance Year, with such levels of achievement to be determined in accordance with the tables below (which metrics are subject to any applicable adjustments as permitted under the Plan.) 
 Component 1 Non-GAAP Operating Income . Sixty Percent (60 of the Target PRSUs for the Performance Year shall vest based on the level of attainment of Non-GAAP Operating Income as separately measured for each applicable Performance Year and used to calculate the Payout Percentage illustrated in the table below. 
 Component 2 ARR . Forty Percent (40 of the Target PRSUs for the Performance Year shall vest based on the level of attainment of ARR OneCloud as separately measured for each applicable Performance Year and used to calculate the Payout Percentage illustrated in the table below. 
 Non-GAAP Operating Income shall mean total Non-GAAP Operating Income as reported in the Company s Form 8-K which reports full fiscal year financial results for the applicable Performance Year, provided that the Compensation Committee shall equitably adjust Non-GAAP Operating Income for any Performance Year to reflect the impact of other special or non-recurring events not known as of the grant date of the Award if it determines such adjustment is necessary in order to prevent the enlargement or dilution of any benefits with respect to the Award except that, any adjustment for the results of operations of acquired businesses shall be excluded for the Performance Year in which such acquisition occurs. 
 Appendix I - 1 

ARR OneCloud shall mean total Annualized Recurring Revenue as reported in the Company s Form 8-K which reports full fiscal year financial results for the applicable Performance Year. 
 
 Performance Factor Components Performance Year Level of Achievement Payout Percentage (as a percentage of 1 3 of the Target PRSUs for each component) 
 Non-GAAP Operating Income 
 (in millions) 
 60 
 ARR OneCloud 
 (in millions) 
 40 
 Fiscal 2022 
 October 1, 2021 
 September 30, 2022 
 Below Threshold 0 Below XXX Below AAA Threshold 50 XXX AAA Target 100 YYY BBB Maximum 150 ZZZ CCC Fiscal 2023 
 October 1, 2022-September 30, 2023 
 Below Threshold 0 Below XXXi Below AAAi Threshold 50 XXXi AAAi Target 100 YYYi BBBi Maximum 150 XXXi CCCi Fiscal 2024 
 October 1, 2023-September 30, 2024 
 Below Threshold 0 Below XXXii Below AAAii Threshold 50 XXXii AAAii Target 100 YYYii BBBii Maximum 150 ZZZii CCCii 
 2. Determination of Eligible Units . 
 Within 60 days following the Company s delivery of audited financial statements in respect of the applicable Performance Year, the Committee will determine (i) whether and to what extent each component of the Performance Factor has been achieved, and (ii) the number of PRSUs that are deemed earned in respect of each component of the Performance Factor for such Performance Year based on the applicable Payout Percentage (such units, the Eligible Units ), which Eligible Units shall remain eligible to vest on December 10, ___ 4 (such date, the Vesting Date ), so long as (subject to the other terms set forth herein) the Participant has not incurred a Termination of Employment prior to such date. 
 The applicable Payout Percentage for each component of the Performance Factor will be linearly interpolated on a straight-line basis for performance achieved for such component between the threshold and target and target and maximum levels shown in the table above. In the event that below threshold level is achieved for any component of the Performance Factor, the achievement level for such component will be 0 . 
 
 4 Three years after the Grant Date. 
 Appendix I - 2 

The number of Eligible Units (if any) will be further adjusted following the end of the Performance Period (but prior to the Vesting Date) based on the TSR Modifier described below. Following the end of the Performance Period, any PRSUs that do not constitute Eligible Units following the Committee s determination thereof will be automatically forfeited by the Participant without consideration. Except as otherwise set forth herein, if the Participant incurs a Termination of Employment prior to the Vesting Date, all PRSUs granted under this Agreement shall be forfeited. 
 3. Modifier Based on TSR (the TSR Modifier . 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, following the end of the Performance Period, the Company will measure its total shareholder return TSR relative to the other entities in the TSR Index (as defined below), as measured from the grant date through the last day of the Performance Period, in order to determine whether a performance modifier equal to + - 25 will be applied to the number of Eligible Units certified by the Compensation Committee as earned as a result of achievement of the Performance Factor for the Performance Period. 
 
 If, following the end of the Performance Period, the Company s Percentile is above 75 , then an additional number of PRSUs granted under this Agreement shall constitute Eligible Units, with such additional number to be calculated by multiplying (i) the number of Eligible Units earned in respect of the Performance Factor during the Performance Period by (ii) 1.25 provided , that in no event shall more than the Maximum PRSUs vest under this Agreement and, provided , further that if the Company s absolute TSR is negative for the Performance Period, that in no event shall more than the Target PRSUs vest under this Agreement. 
 
 If, following the end of the Performance Period, the Company s Percentile is at or below 25 , then the number of Eligible Units earned in respect of the Performance Factor during the Performance Period and that are eligible to vest shall be reduced to a number of PRSUs to be calculated by multiplying (i) the number of Eligible Units earned in respect of the Performance Factor during the Performance Period by (ii) 0.75. 
 
 Determination of TSR TSR for the Company and each other entity in the TSR Index shall be determined in accordance with the following formula. TSR shall be equal to (a) divided by (b), expressed as a percentage, where 
 
 (a) is equal to the sum of (i) and (ii), where (i) is the difference determined by the Ending Price minus the Starting Price (each as defined below) and (ii) is the sum of all dividends paid on common stock during the Performance Period, provided that all dividends are treated as reinvested in the Company s common stock on the ex-dividend date and 
 
 (b) is equal to the Starting Price. 

For purposes of determining TSR 
 Starting Price means, with respect to the Company, the average closing price of one share of the Company s common stock on the applicable stock exchange during the 30 days immediately preceding and including the grant date, and, for each other entity in the TSR Index, means such entity s closing price on the grant date. 
 
 Ending Price means, with respect to the Company, the average closing price of one share of the Company s common stock on the applicable stock exchange during the 30 days immediately preceding and including the last day of the Performance Period, and, for each other entity in the 
 Appendix I - 3 

TSR Index, means such entity s closing price on the last trading day included in the Performance Period. 
 
 The Company s Percentile shall be equal to the absolute value of the difference obtained by 100 minus the quotient of (A) the Rank (as defined below), divided by (B) the total number of entities in the TSR Index (including the Company, but after removal of any entities in accordance with calculation of the Rank), expressed as a percentage. 
 
 The Company s Rank shall be determined by the Company s position within the ranking of each entity in the TSR Index (as defined below, which includes the Company) in descending order based on their respective TSRs (with the highest TSR having a Rank of one). For purposes of developing the ordering provided in the immediately-preceding sentence, (A) any entity that filed for bankruptcy protection under the United States Bankruptcy Code during the Performance Period shall be assigned the lowest order of any entity in the TSR Index, and (B) any entity that is acquired during the Performance Period, or otherwise no longer listed on a national securities exchange at the end of the Performance Period (other than the Company), shall be removed from the TSR Index and shall be excluded for purposes of ordering the entities in the TSR Index (and for purposes of calculating the Company s Percentile). 
 
 In addition to the Company, the TSR Index shall be comprised of the Russell 2000 Index as in effect on the grant date, subject to adjustment at end of the Performance Period as set forth in the definition of Rank above. 
 
 4. Treatment upon a Change in Control Qualifying Terminations . 
 The provisions of Section 10.1 of the Plan shall govern the treatment of the PRSUs upon the occurrence of a Change in Control provided , that if the Committee determines to treat the PRSUs in accordance with Section 10(1)(a) of the Plan (i.e., if the PRSUs are continued, assumed or substituted in connection with such Change in Control), the following provisions shall apply in the event the Participant incurs a Termination of Employment prior to the Vesting Date as a result of the Participant s Termination of Employment without Cause (other than death, Disability or a Board Qualified Retirement ), or by the Participant for Good Reason (any such Termination of Employment, a Qualifying Termination ), and such Qualifying Termination occurs (i) only to the extent the Participant is also a participant in the Avaya Inc. Change in Control Severance Plan, during a Potential Change in Control Period, as such term is defined in the Avaya Inc. Change in Control Severance Plan or (ii) within the twelve (12) month period immediately following a Change in Control, subject to the Participant s execution, delivery and non-revocation of a customary release of claims in favor of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates within sixty (60) days of such Termination of Employment and continued compliance with Appendix II to this Agreement, 
 
 (1) any Eligible Units attributable to a Performance Year ending prior to the date of such Termination of Employment shall immediately vest and be settled, and 
 
 (2) any PRSUs eligible to be earned based upon achievement of the Performance Factor for (i) the Performance Year in which such Termination of Employment occurs and (ii) any Performance Year commencing following the date of such Termination of Employment, shall immediately vest and be settled at target level achievement. Any PRSUs that do not vest as a result of the foregoing sentence shall immediately be cancelled and forfeited for no consideration. 
 
 Upon a Change in Control, the Compensation Committee will apply the TSR Modifier to the number of Eligible Units attributable to any Performance Year that has elapsed as of the Change 
 Appendix I - 4 

in Control date, with the last day of the Performance Period being deemed to be the effective date of the Change in Control for purposes of applying the TSR Modifier. 
 
 5. Retirement . 
 Notwithstanding Section 2 of this Performance Matrix, in connection with a Board Qualified Retirement , any PRSUs that are unvested as of the date of the Participant s Termination of Employment as a result of such Board Qualified Retirement shall be treated as follows 
 (i) If the date of such Termination of Employment occurs during a fiscal year following the fiscal year in which the Grant Date occurs, then any such unvested PRSUs shall remain outstanding and shall continue to vest and be settled in accordance with the other terms of this Agreement and the Plan (including with respect to both the time and performance-based conditions). 
 (ii) If the date of such Termination of Employment occurs during the fiscal year in which the Grant Date occurs, then such unvested PRSUs shall be pro-rated as described below, and such pro-rated unvested PRSUs shall remain outstanding and shall continue to vest and be settled in accordance with the other terms of this Agreement and the Plan (including with respect to both the time and performance-based conditions). 
 (iii) The pro-rated portion eligible for continued vesting under Section 5(ii) shall be equal to the total number of unvested PRSUs multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days that the Participant was employed by the Company during the fiscal year in which the Termination of Employment occurs, and the denominator of which is 365. For the avoidance of doubt, any portion of the Participant s unvested PRSUs that do not become eligible for continued vesting as a result of this Section 5 of this Performance Matrix shall be immediately forfeited upon the Participant s Termination of Employment. 
 (iv) Any continued vesting provided for under this Section 5 of this Performance Matrix shall be subject to the Participant s execution, delivery and non-revocation of a customary release of claims in favor of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates within sixty (60) days following the Termination of Employment and subject to continued compliance with Appendix II to this Agreement. 
 Board Qualified Retirement means a Participant s voluntary retirement from all employment positions with the Company that is determined by the Board to constitute a qualified retirement for purposes of receiving the benefits set forth in this Section 5. 5 
 
 6. Settlement of Eligible Units . 
 PRSUs will be settled within 10 business days following the Vesting Date except that any PRSUs that vest pursuant to Section 4 of this Performance Matrix will be settled within 60 days following the date on which the PRSUs become vested. 
 
 5 Include if applicable. 
 Appendix I - 5 

Appendix II 
 
 NON-DISCLOSURE, IP ASSIGNMENT, NON-COMPETITION AND 
 NON-SOLICITATION 
 
 By executing the Award Agreement, the Participant acknowledges the importance to Avaya Holdings Corp. and its Affiliates existing now or in the future (hereinafter referred to collectively as the Company or Avaya ), of protecting its confidential information, trade secrets and goodwill that it currently has and in the future will develop or acquire by the continued expenditure of substantial amounts of time, money and effort. The Participant further acknowledges that the Company is engaged in a highly competitive business, that its success in the marketplace depends upon the preservation of its confidential information, trade secrets and goodwill, and that obtaining agreements such as this one from Participant to protect such interests is reasonable and necessary. The Participant voluntarily undertakes the obligations in this Appendix II in consideration of the Participant s initial and or ongoing relationship with the Company, this Award, the Participant s being granted access to and or training concerning trade secrets and other confidential information of the Company, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which the Participant acknowledges. As used in this Appendix II , relationship refers to a Participant s employment or association as an advisor, consultant or contractor, with the Company, as applicable. 
 1. Compliance with Company Policy. 
 The Participant will comply with all lawful policies, practices and procedures of the Company, including but not limited to the Company s Code of Conduct, as these may be implemented and or changed by the Company from time to time. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Participant acknowledges that the Company may from time to time have agreements with other Persons which impose obligations or restrictions on the Company regarding Intellectual Property, as defined below, created during the course of work under such agreements and or regarding the confidential nature of such work. The Participant will comply with and be bound by all such obligations and restrictions which the Company conveys to the Participant and will take all actions necessary (to the extent within Participant s power and authority) to discharge the obligations of the Company under such agreements. 
 2. Confidentiality 
 2.1. Nondisclosure and Nonuse of Confidential Information. All Confidential Information, as defined below, which the Participant creates or has access to as a result of the Participant s relationship with the Company, is and shall remain the sole and exclusive property of the Company. The Participant will never, directly or indirectly, use or disclose any Confidential Information, except (a) as required for the proper performance of the Participant s regular duties for the Company, (b) as expressly authorized in writing in advance by the Company s General Counsel, or (c) as specified in Section 2.2 concerning Permissible Disclosures. This restriction shall continue to apply after the termination of the Participant s relationship with the Company or any restriction time period set forth in this Appendix II , howsoever caused. The Participant shall furnish prompt notice to the Company s General Counsel of any required disclosure of Confidential Information sought pursuant to subpoena, court order or any other legal process or requirement, and shall provide the Company a reasonable opportunity to seek protection of the Confidential Information prior to any such disclosure, to the greatest extent time and circumstances permit. 
 2.2. Permissible Disclosure. Nothing in the Award Agreement or this Appendix II shall prohibit or restrict the Company, the Participant or their respective attorneys from (i) making any disclosure of relevant and necessary information or documents in any 
 Appendix II - 1 

action, investigation, or proceeding relating to the Award Agreement, including without limitation, this Appendix II , or the Plan, or as required by law or legal process, including with respect to possible violations of law (ii) participating, cooperating, or testifying in any action, investigation, or proceeding with, or providing information to, any governmental agency or legislative body, any self-regulatory organization, and or pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or (iii) accepting any U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission awards. In addition, nothing in this Agreement, this Appendix II , or the Plan prohibits or restricts Avaya or the Participant from initiating communications with, or responding to any inquiry from, any regulatory or supervisory authority regarding any good faith concerns about possible violations of law or regulation. 
 2.3. Trade Secrets. Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1833(b), the Participant will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret of Avaya that (i) is made (A) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to the Participant s attorney and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document that is filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding. If the Participant files a lawsuit for retaliation by Avaya for reporting a suspected violation of law, the Participant may disclose the trade secret to the Participant s attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, so long as the Participant files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret except under court order. Nothing in this Agreement, this Appendix II , or the Plan is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by such section. 
 2.4. Use and Return of Documents. All documents, records, and files, in any media of whatever kind and description, relating to the business, present or otherwise, of the Company, and any copies (including, without limitation, electronic), in whole or in part, thereof (the Documents and each individually, a Document ), whether or not prepared by the Participant, shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company, except that this provision shall not apply to documents, records or files that are already in the public domain or generally available to the public through lawful and permissible means, and not because of Participant s breach of any obligations, fault, or negligence. Except as required for the proper performance of the Participant s regular duties for the Company or as expressly authorized in writing in advance by the Company, the Participant will not copy any Documents or remove any Documents or copies or derivatives thereof from the premises of the Company. The Participant will safeguard, and return to the Company immediately upon termination of the Participant s relationship with the Company, and at such other times as may be specified by the Company, all Documents and other property of the Company, and all documents, records and files of its customers, subcontractors, vendors, and suppliers Third-Party Documents and each individually a Third-Party Document ), as well as all other property of such customers, subcontractors, vendors and suppliers, then in the Participant s possession or control. If a Document or Third-Party Document is on electronic media, the Participant must surrender the electronic media, including any Document or Third-Party Document included thereon and any copies of the same. The Participant shall not delete or otherwise overwrite any hard copy or electronic media Document or Third Party Document unless expressly directed to do so by the Company s General Counsel in writing. Upon request of any duly authorized officer of the Company, the Participant will disclose all passwords necessary or desirable to enable the Company to obtain access to the Documents and Third-Party Documents. Notwithstanding any provision of this Section 2.4 to the contrary, the Participant shall be permitted to retain copies of all Documents evidencing Participant s hire, equity, compensation rate and benefits, this Appendix II , and any other agreements between the Participant and the Company that the Participant has signed or electronically accepted. 
 3. Non-Competition, Non-Solicitation, and Other Restricted Activity 
 Appendix II - 2 

3.1. Non-Competition. This paragraph is applicable to Participants who hold Senior Director and higher positions as of the date this Award is accepted. During the Participant s relationship with the Company and for a period of twelve (12) months immediately following the termination of the Participant s relationship with the Company for any reason, the Participant will not, directly or indirectly, whether paid or not, engage as follows with any business whose business, product(s) or operations are competitive with those parts of the Company s business with which Participant was actively involved or about which Participant obtained or knew Confidential Information 
 (a) own, purchase, organize or take preparatory steps for the organization of any such business 
 (b) build, design, finance, acquire, lease, operate, manage, control, invest in, or otherwise join, participate in or affiliate him or herself with any such business 
 (c) serve as a partner, principal, licensor, licensee, employee, consultant, officer, director, manager, agent, affiliate, representative, advisor, promoter, associate, consultant or otherwise provide services for any such business, provided that this prohibition only applies to positions or activities that involve 
 (i) responsibilities that are the same, similar or related to responsibilities that Participant performed during the last year of employment with the Company or 
 (ii) developing or implementing strategies to compete with the Company or 
 (iii) directly or indirectly supervising or managing employees, contractors or other workers who are engaged in activities that compete with the Company. 
 The prohibitions above shall apply Participant s activities in every part of the Territory. Territory shall mean (a) all states of the United States of America from which the Company derived revenue or conducted business at any time during the two-year period prior to the date of the termination of the Participant s relationship with the Company and (b) all other countries from which the Company derived revenue or conducted business at any time during the two-year period prior to the date of the termination of the Participant s relationship with the Company. The foregoing shall not prevent (a) passive ownership by the Participant of no more than two percent (2 of the equity securities of any publicly traded company or (b) the Participant s providing services to a division or subsidiary of a multi- division entity or holding company, so long as (i) no division or subsidiary to which the Participant provides services is in any way competitive with or similar to the business of the Company, and (ii) the Participant is not involved in, and does not otherwise engage in competition on behalf of, the multi-division entity or any competing division or subsidiary thereof. 
 3.2. Good Will. Any and all good will which the Participant develops during his or her relationship with the Company with any of the customers, prospective customers, subcontractors or suppliers of the Company shall be the sole, exclusive and permanent property of the Company, and shall continue to be such after termination of the Participant s relationship with the Company, howsoever caused. 
 3.3. Non-Solicitation of Customers. During the Participant s relationship with the Company and for a period of twelve (12) months immediately following the termination of the Participant s relationship with the Company for any reason, the Participant will not, directly or indirectly, contact, or cause to be contacted, directly or indirectly, or engage in any form of 
 Appendix II - 3 

oral, verbal, written, recorded, transcribed, or electronic communication with any customer of the Company for the purposes of conducting business that is competitive with or similar to that of the Company or for the purpose of disadvantaging the Company s business in any way provided that this restriction applies (i) only with respect to those customers who are or have been a customer of the Company at any time within the immediately preceding one-year period or whose business has been solicited on behalf of the Company by any of its officers, employees or agents within said one-year period, other than by form letter, blanket mailing or published advertisement, and (ii) only if the Participant has performed work for such customer during his or her relationship with the Company, has been introduced to, or otherwise had contact with, such customer as a result of his or her relationship with the Company, or has had access to Confidential Information which would assist in the solicitation of such customer. The foregoing restrictions shall not apply to general solicitation or advertising, including through media and trade publications. 
 3.4. Non-Solicitation Non-Hiring of Employees and Independent Contractors. During his or her relationship with the Company and for a period of twelve (12) months immediately following the termination of the Participant s relationship with the Company for any reason, the Participant will not, and will not assist anyone else to, (a) hire or solicit for hiring any employee of the Company or seek to persuade or induce any employee of the Company to discontinue employment with the Company, or (b) hire, engage, or solicit for hiring or engagement any independent contractor providing services to the Company, or solicit, encourage or induce any independent contractor providing services to the Company to terminate or diminish in any substantial respect its relationship with the Company. For the purposes of this Appendix II , an employee or independent contractor of the Company is any person who is or was such at any time within the preceding six-month period. The foregoing restrictions shall not apply to general solicitation or advertising, including through media, trade publications and general job postings. 
 3.5. Non-Solicitation of Others. The Participant agrees that for a period of twelve (12) months immediately following the termination of the Participant s relationship with the Company, for any reason, the Participant will not solicit, encourage, or induce, or cause to be solicited, encouraged or induced, directly or indirectly, any franchisee, joint venture, supplier, vendor or contractor who conducted business with the Company at any time during the two year period preceding the termination of his or her relationship with the Company, to terminate or adversely modify any business relationship with the Company, or not to proceed with, or enter into, any business relationship with the Company, nor shall the Participant otherwise interfere with any business relationship between the Company and any such franchisee, joint venture, supplier, vendor or contractor. 
 3.6. Notice of New Address and Employment. During the twelve (12)-month period immediately following the termination of Participant s relationship with the Company, for any reason, the Participant will promptly provide the Company with pertinent information concerning each new job or other business activity in which the Participant engages or plans to engage during such twelve (12)-month period as the Company may reasonably request in order to determine the Participant s continued compliance with his or her obligations under this Appendix II . The Participant shall notify any new employer(s) of the Participant s obligations under this Appendix II , and hereby consents to notification by the Company to such employer(s) concerning his or her obligations under this Appendix II . The Company shall treat any such notice and information as confidential, and will not use or disclose the information contained therein except to enforce its rights hereunder. Any breach of this Section 3.6 shall constitute a material breach of this agreement. 
 3.7. Acknowledgement of Reasonableness Remedies. In signing or electronically accepting the Award Agreement, the Participant gives the Company assurance that 
 Appendix II - 4 

the Participant has carefully read and considered all the terms and conditions hereof. The Participant acknowledges without reservation that each of the restraints contained herein is necessary for the reasonable and proper protection of the good will, Confidential Information and other legitimate business interests of the Company, that each and every one of those restraints is reasonable in respect to subject matter, length of time, and geographic area and that these restraints will not prevent the Participant from obtaining other suitable employment during the period in which Participant is bound by them. The Participant will never assert, or permit to be asserted on the Participant s behalf, in any forum, any position contrary to the foregoing. Were the Participant to breach any of the provisions of this Appendix II , the harm to the Company would be irreparable. Therefore, in the event of such a breach or threatened breach, the Company shall, in addition to any other remedies available to it, have the right to obtain preliminary and permanent injunctive relief against any such breach or threatened breach without having to post bond, and the Participant agrees that injunctive relief is an appropriate remedy to address any such breach. Without limiting the generality or applicability of the foregoing, or other forms of relief available to the Company at law or in equity, in the event of the Participant s breach of any of the provisions of this Appendix II , the Participant will forfeit any award or payment made pursuant to any applicable severance or other incentive plan or program, or if a payment has already been made, the Participant will be obligated to return the proceeds to the Company. 
 3.8. Unenforceability. In the event that any provision of this Appendix II shall be determined by any court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable by reason of its being extended over too great a time, too large a geographic area or too great a range of activities, such provision shall be deemed to be modified to permit its enforcement to the maximum extent permitted by law. Further, with respect to the 12-month period of restriction set forth in Sections 3.1, 3.3, 3.4 and 3.5 hereof and the 12-month period of obligation set forth in Section 3.6 hereof, the Court has the equitable authority to toll (and thereby extend) such time periods during any period of time in which the Participant is in violation of the terms thereof, in order that the Company shall have the agreed- upon temporal protection recited herein. 
 3.9. Limited Exception for Attorneys. To the extent any Participant is a licensed attorney functioning in a legal capacity for the Company at the time the Participant s employment with the Company terminates, Sections 3.1, 3.3, 3.4 and 3.5 of this Appendix II shall not apply to the Participant to restrict or otherwise limit in any way the Participant s ability to operate in a purely legal capacity following Participant s employment with the Company. 
 3.10. Attorneys Fees and Costs. Except as prohibited by law, the Participant shall indemnify the Company from any and all costs and fees, including attorneys fees, incurred by the Company in successfully enforcing the terms of this Award Agreement against the Participant, (including, but not limited to, a court partially or fully granting any application, motion, or petition by the Company for a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction, or permanent injunction), as a result of the Participant s breach or threatened breach of any provision contained herein. Upon successful enforcement, the Company shall be entitled to recover from the Participant its costs and fees incurred to date at any time during the course of a dispute (i.e., final resolution of such dispute is not a prerequisite) upon written demand to the Participant. 
 3.11. Enforcement. The following provisions of this Appendix II shall not apply to Participants who reside in and or primarily work in the following applicable states at the time their employment with the Company terminates (i) Section 3.1 (Non-Competition) shall not apply to Participants who reside in and or primarily work in the states of California, Hawaii, North Dakota or Oklahoma (ii) Section 3.3 (Non-Solicitation of Customers) shall not apply to Participants who reside in and or primarily work in the states of California or North Dakota and (iii) Section 3.4 (Non-Solicitation Non-Hiring of Employees and Independent Contractors) shall not apply to Participants who reside in and or primarily work in the state of Hawaii. 
 Appendix II - 5 

4. Intellectual Property 
 4.1. In signing or electronically accepting the Award Agreement, the Participant hereby assigns and shall assign to the Company all of his or her rights, title and interest in and to all inventions, discoveries, improvements, ideas, mask works, computer or other apparatus programs and related documentation, and other works of authorship (hereinafter each designated Intellectual Property ), whether or not patentable, copyrightable or subject to other forms of protection, made, created, developed, written or conceived by the Participant during the period of his or her relationship with the Company, whether during or outside of regular working hours, either solely or jointly with another, in whole or in part, either (a) in the course of such relationship, (b) relating to the actual or anticipated business or research development of the Company, or (c) with the use of Company time, material, private or proprietary information, or facilities, except as provided in Section 4.5 below. 
 4.2. The Participant will, without charge to the Company, but at its expense, execute a specific assignment of title to the Company and do anything else reasonably necessary, including but not limited to providing or signing additional documentation that is reasonably necessary to the Company or its designee, to enable the Company to secure, maintain and or perfect a patent, copyright or other form of protection for said Intellectual Property anywhere in the world. Participant agrees that this obligation shall continue after Participant s relationship with the Company terminates. If the Company is unable because of Participant s mental or physical incapacity or for any other reason to secure Participant s signature to apply for or to pursue any application for any United States or foreign patents or copyright registrations covering Intellectual Property assigned to the Company as above, then Participant hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Company or its designee and its duly authorized officers and agents as Participant s agent and attorney in fact, to act for and on Participant s behalf and instead to execute and file any such applications and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution and issuance of letters patent or copyright registrations thereon with the same legal force and effect as if executed by Participant. 
 4.3. The Participant acknowledges that the copyrights in Intellectual Property created with the scope of his or her relationship with the Company belong to the Company by operation of law. Participant further acknowledges and agrees that the decision whether or not to commercialize or market any Intellectual Property developed by Participant solely or jointly with others is within the Company s sole benefit and discretion and that no payment will be due to Participant as a result of the Company s efforts to commercialize or market such Intellectual Property. 
 4.4. The Participant has previously provided to the Company a list (the Prior Invention List describing all inventions, original works of authorship, developments, improvements, and trade secrets which were made by the Participant prior to his or her relationship with the Company, which belong to the Participant and which are not assigned to the Company hereunder (collectively referred to as Prior Inventions and, if no Prior Invention List was previously provided, the Participant represents and warrants that there are no such Prior Inventions. Participant will not incorporate, or permit to be incorporated, any Prior Invention into an Avaya product, process, machine, solution or system without the Company s prior written consent. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, if, in the course of Participant s relationship with the Company, Participant incorporates into an Avaya product, process, machine, solution or system a Prior Invention owned by Participant or in which Participant has an interest, the Company is hereby granted and shall have a nonexclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide license to make, have made, modify, use, sell, offer for sale and import, such Prior Invention as part of or in connection with such product, process, machine, solution or system. 
 Appendix II - 6 

4.5. Exception to Assignments. THE PARTICIPANT UNDERSTANDS THAT THE PROVISIONS OF THIS AWARD AGREEMENT REQUIRING ASSIGNMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY (AS DEFINED ABOVE) TO THE COMPANY DO NOT APPLY TO ANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY FOR WHICH NO EQUIPMENT, SUPPLIES, FACILITY, OR TRADE SECRET INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY WAS USED AND WHICH WAS DEVELOPED ENTIRELY ON PARTICIPANT S OWN TIME, UNLESS (A) THE INVENTION RELATES (i) DIRECTLY TO THE BUSINESS OF THE COMPANY, OR (ii) TO THE COMPANY S ACTUAL OR DEMONSTRABLY ANTICIPATED RESEARCH OR DEVELOPMENT (B) THE INVENTION RESULTS FROM ANY WORK PERFORMED BY PARTICIPANT FOR THE COMPANY OR (C) THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OTHERWISE QUALIFIES FULLY UNDER THE PROVISIONS OF CALIFORNIA LABOR CODE SECTION 2870 (ATTACHED HERETO AS EXHIBIT A). THE PARTICIPANT WILL ADVISE THE COMPANY PROMPTLY IN WRITING OF ANY INVENTIONS THAT PARTICIPANT BELIEVES MEET THE CRITERIA FOR THIS SECTION 4.5 EXCEPTION TO ASSIGNMENTS AND WHICH WERE NOT OTHERWISE DISCLOSED ON THE PRIOR INVENTION LIST PREVIOUSLY DELIVERED TO THE COMPANY TO PERMIT A DETERMINATION OF OWNERSHIP BY THE COMPANY. ANY SUCH DISCLOSURE WILL BE RECEIVED IN CONFIDENCE. 
 5. Definitions 
 Words or phrases which are initially capitalized or are within quotation marks shall have the meanings provided in this Section 5 and as provided elsewhere in this Appendix II . For purposes of this Appendix II , the following definitions apply 
 Affiliates means all persons and entities directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with the Company, where control may be by management authority, contract or equity interest. 
 Confidential Information means any and all information of the Company, whether or not in writing, that is not generally known by others with whom the Company competes or does business, or with whom it plans to compete or do business, and any and all information, which, if disclosed, would assist in competition against the Company, including but not limited to (a) all proprietary information of the Company, including but not limited to the products and services, technical data, methods, processes, know-how, developments, inventions, and formulae of the Company, (b) the development, research, testing, marketing and financial activities and strategic plans of the Company, (c) the manner in which the Company operates, (d) its costs and sources of supply, I the identity and special needs of the customers, prospective customers and subcontractors of the Company, and (f) the people and organizations with whom the Company has business relationships and the substance of those relationships. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Confidential Information shall specifically include (i) any and all product testing methodologies, product test results, research and development plans and initiatives, marketing research, plans and analyses, strategic business plans and budgets, and technology grids (ii) any and all vendor, supplier and purchase records, including without limitation the identity of contacts at any vendor, any list of vendors or suppliers, any lists of purchase transactions and or prices paid and (iii) any and all customer lists and customer and sales records, including without limitation the identity of contacts at purchasers, any list of purchasers, and any list of sales transactions and or prices charged by the Company. Confidential Information also includes any information that the Company may receive or has received from customers, subcontractors, suppliers or others, with any understanding, express or implied, that the information would not be disclosed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information does not include information that (A) is known or becomes known to the public in general (other 
 Appendix II - 7 

than as a result of a breach of Section 2 hereof by the Participant), (B) is or has been independently developed or conceived by the Participant without use of the Company s Confidential Information or (C) is or has been made known or disclosed to the Participant by a third party without a breach of any obligation of confidentiality such third party may have to the Company of which the Participant is aware. 
 Person means an individual, a corporation, a limited liability company, an association, a partnership, an estate, a trust and any other entity or organization, other than the Company. 
 6. Compliance with Other Agreements and Obligations 
 The Participant represents and warrants that his or her employment or other relationship with the Company and execution and performance of the Award Agreement, including this Appendix II , will not breach or be in conflict with any other agreement to which the Participant is a party or is bound, and that the Participant is not now subject to any covenants against competition or similar covenants or other obligations to third parties or to any court order, judgment or decree that would affect the performance of the Participant s obligations hereunder or the Participant s duties and responsibilities to the Company, except as disclosed in writing to the Company s General Counsel no later than the time an executed copy of the Award Agreement, including this Appendix II , is returned by the Participant. The Participant will not disclose to or use on behalf of the Company, or induce the Company to use, any proprietary information of any previous employer or other third party without that party s consent. Participant agrees that if in the course of his or her relationship with the Company, Participant is asked for information relating to Participant s former employers business that would require Participant to reveal information that is not publicly available, Participant will refrain from using and providing such information. 
 7. Governing Law. 
 This Appendix II and actions taken in connection herewith shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware (regardless of the law that might otherwise govern under applicable Delaware principles of conflict of laws). 
 8. Jurisdiction Waiver of Jury Trial. 
 Any suit, action or proceeding with respect to this Appendix II , or any judgment entered by any court of competent jurisdiction in respect of any thereof, shall be resolved only in the courts of the State of Delaware or the United States District Court for the District of Delaware and the appellate courts having jurisdiction of appeals in such courts. In that context, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company and each Participant shall irrevocably and unconditionally (a) submit in any proceeding relating to this Appendix II , or for the recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect thereof (a Proceeding ), to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Delaware, the court of the United States of America for the District of Delaware, and appellate courts having jurisdiction of appeals from any of the foregoing, and agree that all claims in respect of any such Proceeding shall be heard and determined in such Delaware State court or, to the extent permitted by law, in such federal court (b) consent that any such Proceeding may and shall be brought in such courts and waives any objection that the Company and each Participant may now or thereafter have to the venue or jurisdiction of any such Proceeding in any such court or that such Proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court and agree not to plead or claim the same (c) waive all right to trial by jury in any Proceeding (whether based on contract, tort or otherwise) arising out of or relating to this Appendix II (d) agree that service of process in any such Proceeding may be effected by mailing a copy of such process by registered or certified mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to such party, in the case of a Participant, at the Participant s address shown in the books and records of the Company or, in the case of the Company, at the Company s 
 Appendix II - 8 

principal offices, attention General Counsel and (e) agree that nothing in this Appendix II shall affect the right to effect service of process in any other manner permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware. 
 9. Entire Agreement Severability Modification 
 With respect to the subject matter hereof, this Appendix II sets forth the entire agreement between the Participant and the Company, and, except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, supersedes all prior and contemporaneous communications, agreements and understandings, written or oral, regarding the same. If the Participant previously executed an Award Agreement with an Appendix II or other agreement containing similar provisions, this Appendix II shall supersede such prior Appendix II or agreement or other agreement containing similar provisions. In the event of conflict between this Appendix II and any prior agreement, including any prior Appendix II annexed to an Award Agreement between the Participant and the Company with respect to the subject matter hereof, this Appendix II shall govern. The provisions of this Appendix II are severable, and no breach of any provision of this Appendix II by the Company, or any other claimed breach of contract or violation of law, shall operate to excuse the Participant s obligation to fulfill the requirements of Sections 2, 3 and 4 hereof. No deletion, addition, marking, notation or other change to the body of this Appendix II shall be of any force or effect, and this Appendix II shall be interpreted as if such change had not been made. This Appendix II may not be modified or amended, and no breach shall be deemed to be waived, unless agreed to in writing by the Participant and the Company s General Counsel. If any provision of this Appendix II should, for any reason, be held invalid or unenforceable in any respect, it shall not affect any other provisions, and shall be construed by limiting it so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent permissible by law. Provisions of this Appendix II shall survive any termination if so provided in this Appendix II or if necessary or desirable to accomplish the purpose of other surviving provisions. It is agreed and understood that no changes to the nature or scope of the Participant s relationship with the Company shall operate to extinguish the Participant s obligations hereunder or require that a new agreement concerning the subject matter of this Appendix II be executed. 
 10. Assignment 
 Neither the Company nor the Participant may make any assignment of this Appendix II or any interest in it, by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the other provided, however, the Company may assign its rights and obligations under this Appendix II without the Participant s consent (a) in the event that the Participant is transferred to a position with one of the Company s Affiliates or (b) in the event that the Company shall hereafter effect a reorganization, consolidate with, or merge into any company or entity or transfer to any company or entity all or substantially all of the business, properties or assets of the Company or any division or line of business of the Company with which the Participant is at any time associated. This Appendix II shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Participant and the Company, and each of their respective successors, executors, administrators, heirs, representatives and permitted assigns. 
 11. Successors 
 The Participant consents to be bound by the provisions of this Appendix II for the benefit of the Company, and any successor or permitted assign to whose employ the Participant may be transferred, without the necessity that a new agreement concerning the subject matter or this Appendix II be re-signed at the time of such transfer. 
 Appendix II - 9 

12. Acknowledgement of Understanding 
 In signing or electronically accepting the Award Agreement, the Participant gives the Company assurance that the Participant has read and understood all of its terms that the Participant has had a full and reasonable opportunity to consider its terms and to consult with any person of his or her choosing before signing or electronically accepting that the Participant has not relied on any agreements or representations, express or implied, that are not set forth expressly in the Award Agreement, including this Appendix II and that the Participant has signed the Award Agreement knowingly and voluntarily. 
 
 no more text on this page 
 
 Appendix II - 10 

EXHIBIT A 
 CALIFORNIA LABOR CODE SECTION 2870 
 INVENTION ON OWN TIME-EXEMPTION FROM AGREEMENT 
 (a) Any provision in an employment agreement which provides that an employee shall assign, or offer to assign, any of his or her rights in an invention to his or her employer shall not apply to an invention that the employee developed entirely on his or her own time without using the employer s equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information except for those inventions that either 
 (1) Relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to the employer s business, or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of the employer or 
 (2) Result from any work performed by the employee for the employer. 
 (b) To the extent a provision in an employment agreement purports to require an employee to assign an invention otherwise excluded from being required to be assigned under subdivision (a), the provision is against the public policy of this state and is unenforceable. 

Appendix II - 11 

Appendix III 
 
 Country Addendum 
 
 Special Terms and Conditions Applicable in Countries Outside the United States 
 
 Except as provided otherwise herein, any capitalized term not defined in this Country Addendum shall have the same meaning as is ascribed thereto in the Plan or the Agreement, as applicable. This Country Addendum includes additional (or, if indicated, different) terms and conditions that govern the Award granted to the Participant under the Plan if the Participant works and or resides in one of the countries listed below. If the Participant is a citizen or resident of a country other than that in which he or she is currently working and or residing (or is considered as such for local law purposes) or if the Participant transfers his or her service relationship and or residence to another country after the Award is granted, the Company shall, in its discretion, determine to what extent the terms and conditions contained herein shall be applicable to the Participant. 
 
 ALL COUNTRIES OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES 
 
 Responsibility for Taxes . 
 
 The Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, the Participant s employer (the Employer ), the ultimate liability for all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to the Participant s participation in the Plan and legally applicable to the Participant Tax-Related Items is and remains the Participant s responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. The Participant further acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (a) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Plan, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or exercise (if applicable) of the Award, the delivery of shares of Common Stock, the subsequent sale of any shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the Award and the receipt of any dividends, dividend equivalents or other distributions with respect to the shares of Common Stock and (b) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the Award or any aspect of the Award to reduce or eliminate the Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if the Participant is subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction, the Participant acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 
 Prior to the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, the Participant agrees to make arrangements acceptable to the Company and or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, Participant authorizes the Company and or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their sole discretion, to satisfy any withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following (i) withholding from the Participant s wages or other cash compensation payable to the Participant by the Company and or the Employer (ii) withholding from the proceeds of the sale of any shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the Award either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on the Participant s behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent) (iii) withholding from any shares of Common Stock to be delivered to the Participant pursuant to the Award and or (iv) any other method approved by the Company and, to the extent required by applicable law or the Plan, approved by the Committee. 
 
 Depending on the withholding method, the Company and or the Employer may withhold for Tax-Related Items by considering statutory or other withholding rates, including minimum or maximum rates in the jurisdiction(s) applicable to the Participant. In the event of any over- 
 Appendix III - 1 

withholding, the Participant may receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash (without interest and without entitlement to the equivalent amount in shares of Common Stock). If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding shares of Common Stock, for tax purposes, the Participant will be deemed to have been issued the full number of shares of Common Stock to which he or she is entitled pursuant to the Award, notwithstanding that a number of shares of Common Stock are withheld to satisfy the obligation for Tax-Related Items. 
 
 The Participant agrees to pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of the Participant s participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue the shares of Common Stock or the proceeds of the sale of shares of Common Stock, if the Participant fails to comply with the Participant s obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. 
 
 Nature of Grant . In accepting the Award, the Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that 
 
 a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 
 b) the grant of the Award is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future Awards, or benefits in lieu of Awards, even if Awards have been granted in the past 
 
 c) all decisions with respect to future awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 
 d) the Award and the Participant s participation in the Plan shall not create or amend a right to employment or be interpreted as forming an employment or service contract with the Company or any Subsidiary (including the Employer) 
 
 e) the Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 
 f) the future value of the underlying shares of Common Stock is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 
 g) if the Participant acquires shares of Common Stock, the value of such shares of Common Stock may increase or decrease in value, even below the per share exercise price 
 
 h) unless otherwise agreed with the Company, the Award is not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, any service the Participant may provide as a director of a Subsidiary 
 
 i) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Award resulting from the Participant's Termination of Employment (for any reason whatsoever whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Participant is employed or the terms of the Participant s employment agreement, if any) 
 
 j) unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the Award and any benefit that may be received pursuant to this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Award or any such benefit transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in 
 Appendix III - 2 

connection with any corporate transaction affecting the shares of Common Stock underlying the Award and 
 
 k) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary (including the Employer) shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between the Participant s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Award or of any amounts due to the Participant pursuant to the Award or the subsequent sale of any shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the Award. 
 No Advice Regarding Grant . The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding the Participant s participation in the Plan or the Participant s acquisition or sale of the underlying shares of Common Stock. The Participant should consult with his or her own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding his or her participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 
 Language . The Participant acknowledges and represents that he or she is proficient in the English language or has consulted with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in English so as to allow the Participant to understand the terms and conditions of this Agreement or any other document related to the Award and or the Plan. Furthermore, if the Participant has received this Agreement, or any other document related to the Award and or the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 
 Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on participation in the Plan or on the Award or shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the Award, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require the undersigned to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 Choice of Venue . Participant agrees to the exclusive venue and jurisdiction of the State and Federal Courts located in the state of Delaware and waives any objection based on lack of jurisdiction or inconvenient forum. Any action relating to or arising out of this Plan must be commenced within one year after the cause of action accrued. 
 Insider Trading Market Abuse Restrictions . The Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws in applicable jurisdictions including, but not limited to, the United States U.S. and the Participant s country of residence, which may affect the Participant s ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Common Stock or Awards, or rights linked to the value of shares of Common Stock during such times as the Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws or regulations in the applicable jurisdictions). Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under the Company s insider trading policy as set forth in the Avaya Holdings Corp. Insider Trading and Disclosure of Confidential Information Policy for Directors, Officers and Employees. The Participant is responsible for ensuring compliance with any applicable restrictions. 
 Exchange Control, Tax and or Foreign Asset Account Reporting . Certain foreign asset and or foreign account reporting requirements and exchange controls may affect the Participant s ability to purchase or hold shares of Common Stock under the Plan or funds received from participating in the Plan in a brokerage or bank account outside of the Participant s country. The Participant may be required to report such accounts, assets or transactions to the tax or other authorities in the Participant s country. The Participant may also be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of his or her participation in the Plan to the Participant s country through a designated bank or broker and or within a certain time after receipt. The Participant is 
 Appendix III - 3 

responsible for complying with any applicable regulations and should consult with his or her personal legal and tax advisors for any details. 
 Data Privacy . This provision replaces Section 12 (Transfer of Personal Data) of the Agreement 
 If the Participant would like to participate in the Plan, the Participant will need to review the information provided in this Agreement and, where applicable, declare consent to the processing and or transfer of personal data as described below. 
 a) EEA+ Controller and Representative . If the Participant is based in the European Union EU ), the European Economic Area, Switzerland or, if and when the United Kingdom leaves the EU, the United Kingdom (collectively EEA+ ), the Participant should note that the Company, with its address at 350 Mt. Kemble Avenue, Morristown, NJ 07960, United States of America, is the controller responsible for the processing of the Participant s personal data in connection with the Agreement and the Plan. The Company s representative in the EU is Avaya Deutschland GmbH, Theodor-Heuss Allee 112, Frankfurt, Germany 60486. 
 
 b) Data Collection and Usage . The Company collects, uses and otherwise processes certain personal data about the Participant, including, but not limited to, the Participant s name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social insurance number, passport or other identification number (e.g., resident registration number), salary, nationality, job title, any shares of stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all Awards or any other entitlement to shares of Common Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in the Participant s favor, which the Company receives from the Participant, the Employer or otherwise in connection with this Agreement or the Plan Data ), for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing the Plan and allocating the cash payment or shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Plan. 
 
 If the Participant is based in the EEA+, the legal basis, where required, for the processing of Data by the Company is the necessity of the data processing for the Company to (i) perform its contractual obligations under this Agreement, (ii) comply with legal obligations established in the EEA+, or (iii) pursue the legitimate interest of complying with legal obligations established outside of the EEA+. 
 
 If the Participant is based outside of the EEA+, the legal basis, where required, for the processing of Data by the Company is the Participant s consent, as further described below. 
 
 c) Stock Plan Administration Service Providers . The Company transfers Data to Fidelity Stock Plan Services, LLC, an independent service provider (the Service Provider ), which is assisting the Company by performing recordkeeping and administration services for the Plan. In the future, the Company may select a different service provider and share Data with such other provider serving in a similar manner. The Service Provider will open an account for the Participant to receive and trade shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan. The Participant may be asked to agree on separate terms and data processing practices with the Service Provider, with such agreement being a condition to the ability to participate in the Plan. 
 
 Appendix III - 4 

d) International Data Transfers . In the event the Participant resides, works or is otherwise located outside of the U.S., Data will be transferred from the Participant s country to the U.S., where the Company and its service providers are based. The Participant understands and acknowledges that the U.S. is not subject to an unlimited adequacy finding by the European Commission and might not provide a level of protection of personal data equivalent to the level of protection in the Participant s country. As a result, in the absence of a selfcertification of the data recipient in the U.S. under the EU U.S. or Swiss U.S. Privacy Shield Framework or the implementation of appropriate safeguards such as the Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the EU Commission or binding corporate rules approved by the competent EU data protection authority, the processing of personal data might not be subject to substantive data processing principles or supervision by data protection authorities. In addition, data subjects might have no or less enforceable rights regarding the processing of their personal data. 
 
 Neither the Company nor the Service Provider is currently self-certified under the EU U.S. or Swiss U.S. Privacy Shield Framework but the Company has implemented binding corporate rules, among others, with its subsidiaries in the EEA+. If the Participant is based in the EEA+, Data will be transferred from the EEA+ to the Company based on the binding corporate rules. The Participant may view a copy of such appropriate safeguards at https www.avaya.com en privacy bcr . The onward transfer of Data from the Company to the Service Provider or, as the case may be, a different service provider of the Company is based solely on the Participant s consent, as further described below. 
 
 If the Participant is based outside of the EEA+, the Company s legal basis, where required, for the transfer of Data from the Participant s country to the Company and from the Company onward to the Service Provider or, as the case may be, a different service provider of the Company is the Participant s consent, as further described below. 
 e) Data Retention . The Company will hold and use the Data only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage the Participant s participation in the Plan, or as required to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including under tax and security laws. 
 
 f) Data Subject Rights . The Participant may have a number of rights under data privacy laws in his or her jurisdiction. Depending on where the Participant is based, such rights may include the right to (i) request access or copies of Data the Company processes, (ii) the rectification or amendment of incorrect or incomplete Data, (iii) the deletion of Data, (iv) request restrictions on the processing of Data, (v) object to the processing of Data for legitimate interests, (vi) the portability of Data, (vi) lodge complaints with competent authorities in the Participant s jurisdiction, and or to (viii) receive a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of Data. To receive additional information regarding these rights or to exercise these rights, the Participant can contact the Company's data privacy office at dataprivacy avaya.com or, for the Participants in the EEA+, view the Company's binding corporate rules at https www.avaya.com en privacy bcr . 
 
 g) Necessary Disclosure of Personal Data . The Participant understands that providing the Company with Data is necessary for the performance of the Agreement and that the Participant s refusal to provide Data would make it impossible for the Company to perform its contractual obligations and may affect the Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. 
 Appendix III - 5 

h) Voluntariness and Consequences of Consent Denial or Withdrawal . Participation in the Plan is voluntary and the Participant is providing any consents referred to herein on a purely voluntary basis. The Participant understands that he or she may withdraw any such consent at any time with future effect for any or no reason. If the Participant does not consent, or if the Participant later seeks to withdraw the Participant s consent, the Participant s salary from or employment and career with the Employer will not be affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing the Participant s consent is that the Company would not be able to grant Awards to the Participant or administer or maintain the Awards. For more information on the consequences of refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, the Participant should contact the Company's data privacy office at dataprivacy avaya.com . 
 
 Declaration of Consent . If the Participant is based in the EEA+, by accepting the Award and indicating consent via the Company s online acceptance procedure, the Participant explicitly declares his or her consent to the onward transfer of Data by the Company to the Service Provider or, as the case may be, a different service provider of the Company in the U.S. as described above. 
 
 If the Participant is based outside of the EEA+, by accepting the Awards and indicating consent via the Company s online acceptance procedure, Participant explicitly declares his or her consent to the entirety of the Data processing operations described in this Agreement including, without limitation, the onward transfer of Data by the Company to the Service Provider or, as the case may be, a different service provider of the Company in the U.S. 

BELGIUM 
 
 Acceptance of Agreement . If the Award is an Option, the Participant should refer to the separate Belgium Option Package for information about the tax impact of the acceptance of the Award and consult his or her personal tax advisor for further information. 
 
 CANADA 
 Method of Exercise and Payment . If this Award is an Option, due to tax considerations in Canada and notwithstanding the provisions of Section 6.4(d) of the Plan, the Participant may not pay the Per Share Exercise Price by having the Company withhold shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Option or in the form of Common Stock owned by the Participant. The Company reserves the right to allow these forms of payment of the Per Share Exercise Price for legal or administrative reasons. 
 Delivery of Shares Settlement . The Award will be settled by the delivery of shares of Common Stock and not by the delivery of cash or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock. 
 
 Securities Law Notification . The Participant is permitted to sell any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan through the Service Provider or other such stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, provided the sale of shares takes place outside Canada through facilities of a stock exchange on which the Common Stock is listed. The Common Stock is currently listed on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 Appendix III - 6 

The following provisions will apply to individuals who are residents of Quebec 
 Language Consent . The parties acknowledge that it is their express wish that this Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or directly hereto, be drawn up in English. 
 Consentement la Langue Utilis e . Les parties reconnaissent avoir exig la r daction en anglais de cette convention, ainsi que de tous documents, avis et proc dures judiciaires, ex cut s, donn s ou intent s en vertu de, ou li s directement ou indirectement , la pr sente convention. 
 Data Privacy . This provision supplements the above Data Privacy section of this Country Addendum 
 The Participant hereby authorizes the Company and the Company s representatives to discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or not, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan. The Participant further authorizes the Company and its Subsidiaries (including the Employer) to disclose and discuss the Plan with their advisors. The Participant further authorizes the Company and the Employer to record and keep such information in Participant s employment file. 
 GERMANY 
 
 No country specific terms and conditions. 
 INDIA 
 
 Method of Exercise and Payment . If this Award is an Option, due to exchange control considerations in India and notwithstanding the provisions of Section 6.4(d) of the Plan, the Participant may not pay the Per Share Exercise Price through a procedure whereby the Participant delivers irrevocable instructions to a broker acceptable to the Committee to sell a number of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate value equal to the Per Share Exercise Price and deliver the proceeds of such sale to the Company, unless all of the shares of Common Stock subject to the exercised portion of the Option are sold at such time (i.e., a sell-to-cover method of exercise and payment is not permitted but a sell-all method of exercise and payment is permitted). The Company reserves the right to allow this form of payment of the Per Share Exercise Price for legal or administrative reasons. 
 
 IRELAND 
 
 No country specific terms and conditions. 
 
 ITALY 
 
 Method of Exercise and Payment . If this Award is an Option, due to regulatory considerations in Italy and notwithstanding the provisions of Section 6.4(d) of the Plan, the Participant must pay the Per Share Exercise Price through a procedure whereby the Participant delivers irrevocable instructions to a broker acceptable to the Committee to sell a number of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate value equal to the Per Share Exercise Price and deliver the proceeds of such sale to the Company, provided that all of the shares of Common Stock subject to the exercised portion of the Option must be sold at such time (i.e., a sell-all method of exercise and payment 
 Appendix III - 7 

is required). The Company reserves the right to allow other forms of payment of the Per Share Exercise Price for legal or administrative reasons. 
 Plan Document Acknowledgment . In accepting the Award, the Participant acknowledges that the Participant has received a copy of the Plan and the Agreement and has reviewed the Plan and the Agreement in their entirety and fully understands and accepts all provisions of the Plan and the Agreement. The Participant further acknowledges that the Participant has read and specifically and expressly approves the following sections of the Agreement and the Country Addendum Vesting (for RSUs and PRSUs) Vesting and Exercisability (for Options) Exercise Following Termination (for Options) Securities Representation (for RSUs and PRSUs) Compliance with Laws Further Assurances Acceptance of Agreement Withholding and Responsibility for Taxes Language Imposition of Other Requirements Governing Law Choice of Venue. 

MEXICO 
 
 Plan Document Acknowledgment . By accepting the Award, the Participant acknowledges that he or she has received a copy of the Plan and the Agreement, which the Participant has reviewed. The Participant acknowledges further that he or she accepts all the provisions of the Plan and the Agreement. The Participant also acknowledges that he or she has read and specifically and expressly approves the terms and conditions set forth in the Nature of Grant section, which clearly provide as follows (i) the Participant s participation in the Plan does not constitute an acquired right (ii) the Plan and the Participant s participation in it are offered by the Company on a wholly discretionary basis (iii) the Participant s participation in the Plan is voluntary and (iv) none of the Company or its Subsidiaries (including the Employer) are responsible for any decrease in the value of any shares of Common Stock (or the amount of any cash payment) that may be acquired under the Plan. 
 
 Labor Law Policy and Acknowledgment . In accepting the Award, the Participant expressly recognizes that Avaya Holdings Corp., with offices at 350 Mt. Kemble Avenue, Morristown, NJ 07960, United States of America, is solely responsible for the administration of the Plan and that the Participant s participation in the Plan does not constitute an employment relationship between the Participant and the Company since the Participant is participating in the Plan on a wholly commercial basis and the Participant s sole Employer is a Subsidiary in Mexico Avaya-Mexico ). Based on the foregoing, the Participant expressly recognizes that the Plan and the benefits that the Participant may derive from his or her participation in the Plan do not establish any rights between the Participant and Avaya-Mexico, and do not form part of the employment conditions and or benefits provided by Avaya-Mexico and any modification of the Plan or its termination shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of the Participant s employment. 
 The Participant further understands that his or her participation in the Plan is a result of a unilateral and discretionary decision of the Company therefore, the Company reserves the absolute right to amend and or discontinue the Participant s participation at any time without any liability to the Participant. 
 Finally, the Participant hereby declares that he or she does not reserve any action or right to bring any claim against the Company for any compensation or damages regarding any provision of the Plan or the benefits derived under the Plan, and Participant therefore grants a full and broad release to the Company and its Subsidiaries, branches, representation offices, shareholders, officers, agents or legal representatives with respect to any claim that may arise. 
 Appendix III - 8 

Reconocimiento del Plan . Al aceptar este premio Award ), el Participante reconoce que l o ella ha recibido una copia del plan y del Contrato y que lo ha revisado. El Participante reconoce adem s que acepta todas las disposiciones del Plan y del Contrato. El Participante de igual forma reconoce que acepta los t rminos y condiciones establecidos en la secci n Naturaleza del Otorgamiento Nature of Grant ), que estipula claramente lo siguiente (i) la participaci n del Participante en el Plan no constituye un derecho adquirido (ii) la Compa a ofrece el plan y la Participaci n del Participante en l de manera totalmente discrecional (iii) la participaci n del Participante en el Plan es voluntaria y (iv) ninguna de las Compa as o Subsidiarias (incluido el Patr n) son responsables de cualquier disminuci n en el valor de las Acciones (o el monto de cualquier pago en efectivo) que pueda adquirirse en virtud del Plan 
 Pol tica de la Ley Laboral y Reconocimiento . Al aceptar este Premio Award , el Participante reconoce expresamente que Avaya Holdings Corp., con oficinas ubicadas en 350 Mt. Kemble Avenue, Morristown, New Jersey 07960, U.S.A . ., es el nico responsable de la administraci n del Plan y que la participaci n del Participante en el mismo, el pago del premio o la adquisici n de Acciones no constituye de ninguna manera una relaci n laboral entre el Participante y la Compa a, debido a que la participaci n de esa persona en el Plan deriva nicamente de una relaci n comercial y el nico Patr n del participante es un Afiliada Mexicana de la Compa a Avaya-M xico ). Derivado de lo anterior, el Participante reconoce expresamente que el Plan y los beneficios que pudieran derivar para el Participante por su participaci n en el mismo, no establecen ning n derecho entre el Participante e Avaya-M xico, y no forman parte de las condiciones laborales y o prestaciones otorgadas por Avaya-M xico, y cualquier modificaci n al Plan o la terminaci n del mismo de ninguna manera podr ser interpretada como una modificaci n o desmejora de los t rminos y condiciones de trabajo del Participante. 
 Asimismo, el Participante reconoce que su participaci n en el Plan es resultado de la decisi n unilateral y discrecional de la Compa a, por lo tanto, la Compa a se reserva el derecho absoluto para modificar y o discontinuar la participaci n del Participante en cualquier momento, sin ninguna responsabilidad hacia el Participante. 
 Finalmente el Participante manifiesta que no se reserva ninguna acci n o derecho que ejercitar en contra dela Compa a, por cualquier compensaci n o da os en relaci n con cualquier disposici n del Plan o de los beneficios derivados del mismo, y en consecuencia exime amplia y completamente a la Compa a, sus Afiliadas, sucursales, oficinas de representaci n, sus accionistas, administradores, agentes y representantes legales con respecto a cualquier reclamo que pudiera surgir. 
 NETHERLANDS 
 
 No country specific terms and conditions. 
 
 SINGAPORE 
 
 Securities Law Notification . The grant of the Award is being made pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the SFA under which it is exempt from the prospectus and registration requirements and is not made with a view to the underlying shares of Common Stock being subsequently offered for sale to any other party. The Plan has not been and will not be lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Any shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the Award cannot be offered for sale in Singapore prior to the six-month anniversary of the Grant Date, unless such offer or sale is made pursuant to the exemptions under Part XIII Division (1) Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) SFA ). 
 
 Appendix III - 9 

SPAIN 
 
 Labor Law Acknowledgement . By accepting the Award, the Participant consents to participation in the Plan and acknowledges that the Participant has received a copy of the Plan. 
 
 The Participant understands that the Company has unilaterally, gratuitously and in its sole discretion decided to grant the Award under the Plan to individuals who may be employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries throughout the world. The decision is limited and entered into based upon the express assumption and condition that any grant will not economically or otherwise bind the Company or any Subsidiary on an ongoing basis, other than as expressly set forth in the Agreement. Consequently, the Participant understands that the Award is granted on the assumption and condition that the Award and any shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the Award shall not become part of any employment or service contract (whether with the Company or any Subsidiary) and shall not be considered a mandatory benefit, salary for any purpose (including severance compensation) or any other right whatsoever. Furthermore, the Participant understands and freely accepts that there is no guarantee that any benefit whatsoever shall arise from the grant of the Award, which is gratuitous and discretionary, since the future value of the Award and the underlying shares of Common Stock is unknown and unpredictable. 
 
 In addition, the Participant understands that the grant of the Award would not be made but for the assumptions and conditions set forth hereinabove thus, the Participant understands, acknowledges and freely accepts that, should any or all of the assumptions be mistaken or any of the conditions not be met for any reason, the Award and any right to a cash payment or shares of Common Stock shall be null and void. 
 
 Further, the Participant understands and agrees that upon Termination of Employment, unless otherwise specifically provided in the Agreement or determined by the Committee or its designee, any unvested portion of the Award will be immediately forfeited and, if the Award is an Option, any vested portion of the Option shall remain exercisable only for the period described in Section 4 of the Agreement and shall be subject to the terms of the Plan and, thereafter, any unexercised portion of the Option will be forfeited. 
 
 In particular, the Participant understands and agrees that, unless otherwise expressly provided in the Agreement or determined by the Committee or its designee, the unvested portion of the Award, and any vested portion of an Option that is not exercised within any post-termination exercise period described in the Agreement, will be cancelled without entitlement to any shares of Common Stock or to any amount as indemnification if the Participant terminates employment by reason of, but not limited to, resignation disciplinary dismissal adjudged to be with cause disciplinary dismissal adjudged or recognized to be without good cause (i.e., subject to a despido improcedente individual or collective layoff on objective grounds, whether adjudged to be with cause or adjudged or recognized to be without cause material modification of the terms of employment under Article 41 of the Workers Statute relocation under Article 40 of the Workers Statute Article 50 of the Workers Statute unilateral withdrawal by the Participant's employer and under Article 10.3 of Royal Decree 1382 1985. 
 
 Securities Law Notification . No offer of securities to the public, as defined under Spanish law, has taken place or will take place in the Spanish territory in connection with the grant of the Award. The Agreement has not been, nor will it be, registered with the Comisi n Nacional del Mercado de Valores , and does not constitute a public offering prospectus. 
 
 SWEDEN 
 
 Withholding . This provision supplements the Withholding section of the Agreement (if applicable) and the Responsibility for Taxes section of this Country Addendum 
 Appendix III - 10 

Without limitation to the Withholding section of the Agreement (if applicable) and the Responsibility for Taxes section of this Country Addendum, by accepting the Award, the Participant authorizes the Company and or the Employer to withhold shares of Common Stock or to sell shares of Common Stock otherwise deliverable to the Participant upon vesting or exercise (as applicable) to satisfy any Tax-Related Items, regardless of whether the Company and or the Employer have an obligation to withhold such Tax-Related Items. 
 
 UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 
 
 Securities Law Notification . The Award is being offered only to qualified employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries and is in the nature of providing equity incentives to such employees in the United Arab Emirates. Any documents related to the Plan, including the Plan and the Agreement, are intended for distribution only to such employees and must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. Prospective acquirers of any securities offered pursuant to the Award should conduct their own due diligence on securities. If the Participant does not understand the contents of the Plan or the Agreement, the Participant should consult an authorized financial adviser. 
 
 UNITED KINGDOM U.K. 
 
 Withholding . This provision supplements the Withholding section of the Agreement (if applicable) and the Responsibility for Taxes section of this Country Addendum 
 
 Without limitation to the Withholding section of the Agreement (if applicable) and the Responsibility for Taxes section of this Country Addendum, the Participant hereby agrees that the Participant is liable for all Tax-Related Items and hereby covenants to pay all such Tax- Related Items, as and when requested by the Company or the Employer, as applicable, or by Her Majesty s Revenue and Customs HMRC (or any other tax or relevant authority). The Participant also hereby agrees to indemnify and keep indemnified the Company and the Employer, as applicable, against any Tax-Related Items that they are required to pay or withhold or have paid or will pay to HMRC (or any other tax or relevant authority) on the Participant s behalf. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant is a director or executive officer of the Company (within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act), the terms of the immediately foregoing provision will not apply. In the event that the Participant is such a director or executive officer of the Company and the U.K. income tax liability arising as a result of participation in the Plan is not collected from or paid by the Participant within ninety (90) days of the end of the U.K. tax year in which an event giving rise to the indemnification described above occurs, the amount of any uncollected income tax may constitute a benefit to the Participant on which additional income tax and national insurance contributions may be payable. The Participant acknowledges that he or she will be responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to the HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for paying the Company or the Employer, as applicable, for the value of any employee national insurance contributions due on this additional benefit. 

Appendix III - 11 

</EX-10.29>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 avaya-ex2112021930x10k.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Avaya Holdings Corp. Company Name State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 3102455 Nova Scotia Company Nova Scotia Aurix Limited England & Wales Avaya (China) Communication Co. Ltd. China Avaya (Dalian) Intelligent Communications Co., Ltd. China Avaya (Gibraltar) Investments Limited Gibraltar Avaya (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Avaya (Shanghai) Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. China Avaya Argentina S.R.L. Argentina Avaya Australia Pty Ltd Australia Avaya Austria GmbH Austria Avaya Belgium SRL BV Belgium Avaya Beteiligungs GmbH Germany Avaya Brasil LTDA. Brazil Avaya CALA Inc. Delaware Avaya Canada Corp. Nova Scotia Avaya Capital Ireland (UK Inc.) England & Wales Avaya Capital Ireland Unlimited Company Ireland Avaya Chile Limitada Chile Avaya CIS LLC Russian Federation Avaya Cloud Canada Inc. Ontario Avaya Cloud Inc. Delaware Avaya Cloud Limited Ireland Avaya Cloud Services Private Limited India Avaya Communication de Colombia S.A. Colombia Avaya Communication de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Avaya Communication Israel Ltd. Israel Avaya Comunicaci n Espa a S.L.U. Spain Avaya Cyprus Investments Limited Cyprus Avaya Czech Republic s.r.o. Czech Republic Avaya d.o.o. Croatia Avaya Denmark ApS Denmark Avaya Deutschland GmbH Germany 
 Page 1 

Avaya Dutch Holdco B.V. Netherlands Avaya ECS Limited England & Wales Avaya Egypt LLC Egypt Avaya EMEA Ltd. Delaware Avaya Enterprises S.R.L. Romania Avaya Federal Solutions, Inc. Delaware Avaya Finland Oy Finland Avaya France SAS France Avaya GCM Sales Unlimited Company Ireland Avaya German Holdco GmbH Germany Avaya Germany GmbH Germany Avaya GmbH & Co. KG Germany Avaya Holding EMEA BV Netherlands Avaya Holdings Corp. Delaware Avaya Holdings LLC Delaware Avaya Hong Kong Company Limited Hong Kong Avaya Hungary Ltd. Avaya Hungary Communication Limited Liability Company Hungary Avaya Iletisim Sistemleri Ticaret Anonim Sirketi (Turkey JSC) Turkey Avaya Inc. Delaware Avaya India (SEZ) Private Limited India Avaya India Private Limited India Avaya Integrated Cabinet Solutions LLC Delaware Avaya International Enterprises Ltd. Ireland Avaya International Holdings Limited England & Wales Avaya International Sales Limited Ireland Avaya Ireland Unlimited Company Ireland Avaya Italia S.p.A. Italy Avaya Japan Ltd. Japan Avaya Korea Ltd. Korea, Republic Of Avaya Luxembourg Investments S.a.r.l. Luxembourg Avaya Luxembourg Sarl Luxembourg Avaya Macau Limitada China Avaya Management L.P. Delaware Avaya Management Services Inc. Delaware Avaya Mauritius Ltd Mauritius Avaya Nederland B.V. Netherlands Avaya New Zealand Limited New Zealand Avaya Nigeria Limited Nigeria Avaya Norway AS Norway Avaya Panama Ltda. Panama 
 Page 2 

Avaya Peru S.R.L. Peru Avaya Philippines, Inc. Philippines Avaya Poland Sp. z.o.o. Poland Avaya Puerto Rico, Inc. Puerto Rico Avaya Singapore Pte Ltd Singapore Avaya Sweden AB Sweden Avaya Switzerland GmbH Switzerland Avaya Training and Service Centre FZE United Arab Emirates Avaya Treasury Ireland Designated Company Ireland Avaya UK England & Wales Avaya UK Holdings Limited England & Wales Avaya Verwaltungs GmbH Germany Avaya World Services Inc. Delaware CAAS Technologies, LLC Nevada CTIntegrations, LLC Texas Esna Technologies Ltd England & Wales Global Horizon Holdings Ltd Israel Harmatis Ltd. Israel Hyper Quality (India) Private Limited India HyperQuality II, LLC Washington HyperQuality, Inc. Delaware Intellisist, Inc. Washington KnoahSoft Technologies Private Limited India KnoahSoft, Inc. Delaware Konftel AB Sweden Nimcat Networks General Partnership Ontario PT Sierra Communication Indonesia Indonesia Radvision Communication Development Beijing Co. Ltd. (RCD) Bejing Sierra Asia Pacific Inc. Delaware Sierra Communication International LLC Delaware Tenovis Direct GmbH Germany Tenovis Telecom Frankfurt GmbH & Co. KG Germany Ubiquity Software Corporation Delaware Ubiquity Software Corporation Limited England & Wales VPNet Technologies, Inc. Delaware 
 
 Page 3 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 avaya-ex2312021930x10k.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-222647, 333-234716 and 333-236930) and Form S-3 (No. 333-248478) of Avaya Holdings Corp. of our report dated November 22, 2021 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP New York, New York November 22, 2021 
 
 1 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 avaya-ex3112021930x10k.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, James M. Chirico, Jr., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Avaya Holdings Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 22, 2021 
 
 s J AMES M. C HIRICO , J R . 
 James M. Chirico, Jr. 
 Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 avaya-ex3122021930x10k.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Kieran J. McGrath, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Avaya Holdings Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 22, 2021 
 
 s K IERAN J. M C G RATH 
 Kieran J. McGrath 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 avaya-ex3212021930x10k.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Avaya Holdings Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending September 30, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, James M. Chirico, Jr., Director, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s J AMES M. C HIRICO , J R . 
 James M. Chirico, Jr. 
 Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date November 22, 2021 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 avaya-ex3222021930x10k.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Avaya Holdings Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending September 30, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Kieran J. McGrath, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s K IERAN J. M C G RATH 
 Kieran J. McGrath 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 Date November 22, 2021 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 avya-20210930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 avya-20210930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 avya-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 avya-20210930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 avya-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

