<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211112_10-K_edgar_data_67625_0001493152-21-028191.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>32820520</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>484480</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2292567</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>17415690</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5020775</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6223849</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-21-028191.hdr.sgml : 20211112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211112161752
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-21-028191
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		111
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MONMOUTH REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000067625
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				221897375
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33177
		FILM NUMBER:		211403775

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 CRAWFORDS CORNER ROAD, SUITE 1405
		CITY:			HOLMDEL
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07733
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(732) 577-4054

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 CRAWFORDS CORNER ROAD, SUITE 1405
		CITY:			HOLMDEL
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07733

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MONMOUTH REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19900403

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-21-028191.txt : 20211112

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
DC 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period ___________________ to ____________________ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 

incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , , 

 (Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code : - 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 

No 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated
 filer 

Non-accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity of the registrant held by non-affiliates of the registrant at March
31, 2021 was billion (based on the 17.69 closing price per share of the registrant s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange
on March 31, 2021). 

There
were shares of common stock outstanding as of November 1, 2021. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Item 
 No. 

Page 
 No. 

Part
 I 

1 
 
 Business. 
 
 3 
 
 1A 
 
 Risk
 Factors. 
 
 10 
 
 1B 
 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments. 
 
 19 
 
 2 
 
 Properties. 
 
 20 
 
 3 
 
 Legal
 Proceedings. 
 
 27 
 
 4 
 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures. 
 
 27 

Part
 II 

5 
 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

28 
 
 6 
 
 [Reserved] 
 
 29 
 
 7 
 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 30 
 
 7A 
 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 53 
 
 8 
 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 54 
 
 9 
 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 55 
 
 9A 
 
 Controls
 and Procedures. 
 
 55 
 
 9B 
 
 Other
 Information. 
 
 56 
 
 9C 
 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 56 

Part
 III 

10 
 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 57 
 
 11 
 
 Executive
 Compensation. 
 
 57 
 
 12 
 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 57 
 
 13 
 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 57 
 
 14 
 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services. 
 
 57 

Part
 IV 

15 
 
 Exhibit
 and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 58 

Signatures 
 
 120 

2 

 Table of Contents 

PART
I 

 ITEM
1 BUSINESS 

General
Development of the Business 

In
this 10-K, we , us , our , MREIC or the Company , refers to Monmouth
Real Estate Investment Corporation, together with its predecessors and subsidiaries, unless the context requires otherwise. 

We
are a Maryland corporation that qualifies as a real estate investment trust (REIT) under Sections 856-860 of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended (the Code). Our investment focus is to own well-located, modern, single-tenant, industrial buildings, leased primarily
to investment-grade tenants or their subsidiaries on long-term net leases. We were founded in 1968 and have been publicly owned since
that time, making us one of the oldest public equity REITs in the world. We intend to maintain our qualification as a REIT in the future.
As a REIT, with limited exceptions, we will not be taxed under Federal and certain state income tax laws at the corporate level on taxable
income that we distribute to our shareholders. For special tax provisions applicable to REITs, refer to Sections 856-860 of the Code.
We are subject to franchise taxes in several of the states in which we own properties. 

In
December 2017, as part of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the TCJA), Code Section 199A was added to the Code and became effective
for tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 and before January 1, 2026. Under the TCJA, subject to certain income limitations, an
individual taxpayer and estates and trusts may deduct 20 of the aggregate amount of qualified REIT dividends they receive from their
taxable income. Qualified REIT dividends do not include any portion of a dividend received from a REIT that is classified as a capital
gain dividend or qualified dividend income. 

We
were established in 1968 as a New Jersey Business Trust (NJBT). In 1990, the NJBT merged into a newly formed Delaware corporation. On
May 15, 2003, we changed our state of incorporation from Delaware to Maryland by merging with and into a Maryland corporation. 

As previously announced, on
November 5, 2021, we entered into a definitive merger agreement with Industrial Logistics Properties Trust, a Maryland real estate investment
trust ILPT ), under which, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the merger agreement, ILPT will acquire
us in an all-cash transaction, with our common stockholders receiving 21.00 in cash for each outstanding share of our common stock in
connection with consummation of the transaction. ILPT s acquisition of us is subject to obtaining the requisite approval of our
common stockholders and the satisfaction of other customary closing conditions. Upon closing of the merger with ILPT, holders of our
outstanding 6.125 Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock Series C Preferred Stock will receive the amount of
 25 per share plus any accrued and unpaid dividends. We plan to continue to pay our regular quarterly common stock dividend and our Series
C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock dividend for each full quarterly dividend period completed prior to the closing of the transaction.
This transaction with ILPT represents the culmination of the publicly announced comprehensive strategic alternatives review processes
conducted by our Board of Directors during 2021. Our Board re-initiated its strategic alternatives review process in September 2021 after
a previous agreement for a merger that we entered into with another party, following a strategic alternatives review process earlier
this year, did not receive the requisite approval of our stockholders. 

3 

 Table of Contents 

Description
of Business 

Our
primary business is the ownership and management of industrial real estate properties. Our investment focus is to own well-located, modern,
single-tenant, industrial buildings, leased primarily to investment-grade tenants or their subsidiaries on long-term net leases. At September
30, 2021, we held investments in 122 properties totaling 24.9 million square feet with an overall occupancy rate of 99.7 (See Item 2
for a detailed description of the properties). As of the fiscal yearend, our weighted average lease expiration was 7.0 years, our annualized
average base rent per occupied square foot was 6.61 and the weighted average building age, based on the square footage of our buildings,
was 10.2 years. These properties are located in 32 states: Alabama, Arizona, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. All of these properties
are 100 owned by us, directly or through wholly-owned subsidiaries, with the exception of one property in New Jersey in which we own
a majority interest. All of our investment properties are leased on a net basis except for an industrial park in Monaca (Pittsburgh),
Pennsylvania and our only non-industrial asset, which is a shopping center, located in Somerset, New Jersey. Our investments are primarily
located in strategic locations and, in many cases our buildings are highly automated in order to serve the omni-channel distribution
networks that have become essential today. Approximately 83 of our revenue is derived from investment-grade tenants, or their subsidiaries
as defined by S P Global Ratings www.standardandpoors.com and by Moody s www.moodys.com ). The references in
this report to S P Global Ratings and Moody s are not intended to and do not include, or incorporate by reference into this
report, the information of S P Global Ratings or Moody s on such websites. 

Our
portfolio of modern, net-leased industrial properties continues to provide shareholders with reliable and predictable income streams.
Our resilient high occupancy rates and rent collection results highlight the mission-critical nature of our assets and underscore the
essential need for our tenants operations. Furthermore, because our weighted average lease term is 7.0 years and our weighted
average fixed rate mortgage debt maturity is 10.9 years, we expect our cash flow to remain resilient over long periods of time. Throughout
the COVID-19 Pandemic, our overall occupancy rate has been over 99 and is currently 99.7 . Our base rent collections remained strong,
averaging 99.9 throughout the COVID-19 Pandemic and we expect future months to be consistent with this trend. 

US
industrial real estate market conditions are as strong as they have ever been with record high asking rents, a robust development pipeline,
and an all-time high occupancy rate of 96 . Companies are leasing space at record levels to handle the large increase in ecommerce sales
as well as the need for safety stock to counter supply chain disruptions. Construction costs are rising dramatically due to the long
lead times for sourcing materials. The amount of new construction for US industrial real estate has been increasing for several years
as more industrial space is needed to handle direct-to-consumer distribution. It is estimated that ecommerce sales require three times
the amount of warehouse space relative to brick and mortar retail sales. These new buildings are often highly automated and have much
larger truck courts and parking requirements. Because modern industrial buildings are built to handle both wholesale distribution as
well as direct to consumer distribution, they are known as omni-channel facilities. The West coast ports are continuing to experience
severe bottlenecks in processing imports and as a result much container traffic is being diverted towards the Gulf and East coast ports.
Given our geographic footprint, this trend is a very favorable one for us. For further discussion of potential impact of competitive
conditions on our business, see Item 1A: Risk Factors below. 

During
fiscal 2021, we purchased four industrial properties totaling 1.6 million square feet situated on 316.2 acres resulting in a very expansive
land to building ratio of 8.8 to 1. All four properties are leased to investment-grade tenants or their subsidiaries, with net-leased
terms ranging from 15 to 20 years, resulting in a weighted average lease maturity of 17.1 years. Three of the four properties, consisting
of 903,000 square feet, or 58 of the total square footage of the four properties, are leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc., a
subsidiary of FedEx Corporation (FDX). The aggregate purchase price for the four properties was 258.4 million. These four properties
are located in the following Metropolitan Statistical Areas (MSAs): Columbus, OH, Atlanta, GA, Burlington, VT and Knoxville, TN. These
four properties are expected to generate annualized rental income over the life of their leases of 15.2 million. In connection with
two of the four properties acquired during the 2021 fiscal year, we entered into one 17 year, fully-amortizing mortgage loan and one
15 year, fully-amortizing mortgage loan. In connection with the remaining two properties acquired during the 2021 fiscal year, we entered
into commitments for two, 15 year, fully-amortizing mortgage loans, which have not yet closed. These four fully-amortizing loans have
a weighted average term of 15.7 years. The principal amount of the four mortgage loans originally totaled 161.8 million with fixed interest
rates ranging from 2.50 to 3.25 , resulting in a weighted average fixed interest rate of 2.89 . 

4 

 Table of Contents 

During
fiscal 2021, we completed the first phase of a two-phase parking expansion project for FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. at our property
located in Olathe (Kansas City), KS. The first phase of this parking expansion project was completed for a total cost of 3.4 million,
resulting in an initial increase in annual rent effective November 5, 2020 of approximately 340,000 from approximately 2.1 million,
or 6.83 per square foot, to approximately 2.5 million, or 7.91 per square foot. Furthermore, annual rent increased by 2.1 on June
1, 2021 and will continue to increase 2.1 every five years, resulting in an annualized rent from November 5, 2021 through the remaining
term of the lease of approximately 2.6 million, or 8.15 per square foot. We recently began construction on the second phase of this
parking expansion project at this location, which upon completion will further increase the rental rate and extend the lease term. In
addition, effective June 4, 2021, we completed a parking lot expansion for UPS at our property located in Halfmoon (Albany), NY for a
cost of approximately 835,000, resulting in an initial increase in annual rent effective on the date of completion of approximately
 52,000 from approximately 510,000, or 6.80 per square foot, to approximately 562,000, or 7.50 per square foot. Furthermore, annual
rent will continue to increase each year by 2.0 resulting in an annualized rent from June 4, 2021 through the remaining term of the
lease of approximately 622,000, or 8.29 per square foot. Due to the proliferation of ecommerce sales and last mile deliveries, it is
important to take into account the large amounts of real estate utilized for trailer, van, and car parking at many of our properties
in determining how our in-place rental rates compare to market rental rates for properties being used in a similar manner. Rents per
square foot on properties that may be nearby, but have only limited acreage devoted to parking, are poor comparisons as they cannot accommodate
the same tenant needs. 

Subsequent
to fiscal yearend, on October 27, 2021, we purchased a newly constructed 291,000 square foot industrial building, situated on 46.0 acres,
located in the Birmingham, AL MSA. The building is 100 net-leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. for 15 years through July 2036.
The purchase price was 30.2 million. We obtained a mortgage loan commitment for a 15 year, fully-amortizing mortgage loan of 19.3 million
at a fixed interest rate of 2.40 , which has not yet closed. Annual rental revenue over the remaining term of the lease averages 1.7
million. 

In
addition to the 30.2 million property purchased in October 2021, we have entered into agreements to purchase three new build-to-suit,
industrial buildings that are currently being developed in Alabama, Georgia and Texas, totaling 1.1 million square feet. These future
acquisitions have net-leased terms ranging from 10 to 15 years with a weighted average lease term of 12.6 years. The total purchase price
for these three properties is 126.8 million. All three properties are leased to companies, or subsidiaries of companies, that are considered
Investment Grade by S P Global Ratings www.standardandpoors.com and by Moody s www.moodys.com ). Two of these
three properties, consisting of an aggregate of 563,000 square feet, or 52 of the total leasable area, are leased to FedEx Ground Package
System, Inc. Subject to satisfactory due diligence and other customary closing conditions and requirements, we anticipate closing all
three of these transactions during fiscal 2022. 

We
have several FedEx Ground parking expansion projects in progress with more under discussion. Currently there are nine parking expansion
projects underway, which we expect to cost approximately 42.6 million. These parking expansion projects will enable us to capture additional
rent while lengthening the terms of these leases. We are also in discussions to expand the parking at eight additional locations bringing
the total recently completed and likely future parking lot expansion projects to 18 currently. 

We
may have additional acquisitions and expansions in fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2023, and the funds for these acquisitions are expected to
come from funds generated from operations, mortgages, draws on our unsecured line of credit facility, cash on hand, sales of marketable
securities, other bank borrowings, proceeds from the Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan (DRIP), proceeds from the sale of
common stock in a possible future at-the-market public offering (similar to our previous common stock at-the-market offering) and proceeds
from private placements and other public offerings of additional common or preferred stock or other securities. To the extent that funds
or appropriate properties are not available, fewer acquisitions will be made. 

On
January 14, 2021, our Board of Directors approved a 5.9 increase in our quarterly common stock dividend, raising it to 0.18 per share
from 0.17 per share representing an annualized dividend rate of 0.72 per share. This increase was the third dividend increase in the
past five years, representing a total increase of 20 . We have maintained or increased our common stock cash dividend for 30 consecutive
years. We are also one of the few REITs that maintained its dividend throughout the Global Financial Crisis. 

On
October 1, 2021, our Board of Directors approved a cash dividend on our common stock of 0.18 per share, to be paid on December 15, 2021,
to common shareholders of record at the close of business on November 15, 2021, which represents an annualized common dividend rate of
 0.72 per share. We intend to pay these distributions from cash flows from operations. 

5 

 Table of Contents 

Our
common stock dividend policy is dependent upon our earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, availability and cost of bank
financing and other factors considered relevant by the Board of Directors. It is our intention to continue making comparable quarterly
distributions in the future and to grow our distributions over time. 

Currently,
we derive our income primarily from real estate rental operations. Rental and Reimbursement Revenue (excluding Lease Termination Income
in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 of 377,000, -0-, and -0-, respectively) was 182.8 million, 167.8 million and 154.8 million for the
years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Total undepreciated assets (which is our total assets excluding accumulated
depreciation) were 2.6 billion and 2.2 billion as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

As
of September 30, 2021, we had 24.9 million leasable square feet, of which 11.6 million square feet, or 47 , consisting of 65 separate
stand-alone leases, were leased to FDX and its subsidiaries (5 to FDX and 42 to FDX subsidiaries). These properties are located in
27 different states. As of September 30, 2021, the 65 separate stand-alone leases that are leased to FDX and FDX subsidiaries had a weighted
average lease maturity of 7.5 years. As of September 30, 2021, in addition to FDX and its subsidiaries, the only other tenants that leased
5 or more of our total square footage were subsidiaries of Amazon.com, Inc. (Amazon), which are parties to five separate stand-alone
leases for properties located in four different states, containing 1.5 million total square feet, comprising 6 of our total leasable
square feet. None of our properties are subject to a master lease or any cross-collateralization agreements. 

Our
Rental and Reimbursement Revenue from FDX and its subsidiaries for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively,
totaled 104.3 million, 96.4 million and 93.3 million, or calculated as a percentage of total rent and reimbursement revenues were,
57 (5 from FDX and 52 from FDX subsidiaries), 58 (5 from FDX and 53 from FDX subsidiaries) and 60 (5 from FDX and 55 from FDX
subsidiaries). In addition to FDX and its subsidiaries, the only tenants to comprise 5 or more of our total Rental and Reimbursement
Revenue were subsidiaries of Amazon, which represented 6 of our Rental and Reimbursement Revenue for the fiscal years ended September
30, 2021 and 2020. Rental and Reimbursement Revenue from subsidiaries of Amazon for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019 was less
than 5 of our Rental and Reimbursement Revenue. 

FDX
and Amazon are publicly-listed companies and financial information related to these entities are available at the SEC s website,
 www.sec.gov . FDX and Amazon are rated BBB and AA , respectively by S P Global Ratings www.standardandpoors.com and are rated Baa2 and A1 , respectively by Moody s www.moodys.com ), which are both considered
 Investment Grade ratings. The references in this report to the SEC s website, S P Global Ratings website
and Moody s website are not intended to and do not include, or incorporate by reference into this report, the information of FDX,
Amazon, S P Global Ratings or Moody s on such websites. 

Our
weighted average lease expiration was 7.0 years and 7.1 years as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and our average annualized
rent per occupied square foot as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 was 6.61 and 6.36, respectively. Our overall occupancy rate as of September
30, 2021 and 2020 was 99.7 and 99.4 , respectively. Our weighted average lease expiration has been 7.0 years or greater for over seven
consecutive years. Our overall occupancy rate has been 98.9 or above for over six consecutive years. 

We
compete with other investors in real estate for attractive investment opportunities. These investors include other equity real estate
investment trusts, limited partnerships, syndications and private investors, among others. Competition in the market areas in which we
operate is significant and affects acquisitions, occupancy levels, rental rates and operating expenses of certain properties. We have
built long-term relationships within our tenant base as well as within the merchant builder community. These relationships have historically
provided us with investment opportunities that fit our investment policy. 

6 

 Table of Contents 

Information
about our Executive Officers 

The
following table sets forth information with respect to our executive officers as of September 30, 2021: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Eugene
 W. Landy 
 
 87 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board and Founder 
 
 Michael
 P. Landy 
 
 59 
 
 President
 and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Kevin
 S. Miller 
 
 51 
 
 Chief
 Financial and Accounting Officer 
 
 Michael
 D. Prashad 
 
 36 
 
 General
 Counsel 
 
 Richard
 P. Molke 
 
 36 
 
 Vice
 President of Asset Management 

Human
Capital Resources 

As
of September 30, 2021, we had 14 full-time employees. Women represent 57 of our employees with 37.5 holding management level/leadership
roles. Employees are offered great flexibility to meet personal and family needs. We endeavor to maintain workplaces that are free from
discrimination or harassment on the basis of color, race, sex, national origin, ethnicity, religion, age, disability, sexual orientation,
gender identification or expression or any other status protected by applicable law. We conduct training to prevent harassment and discrimination
and monitor employee conduct year-round. Recruitment, hiring, development, training, compensation and advancement at the Company are
based on the individual s qualifications, performance, skills and experience. Our employees are fairly compensated, without regard
to gender, race and ethnicity, and routinely recognized for outstanding performance. Our compensation program is designed to attract
and retain talent. We continually assess and strive to enhance employee satisfaction and engagement. Our employees, many of whom have
a long tenure with the Company, frequently express satisfaction with management. Our employees are offered regular opportunities to participate
in professional development programs. 

Investment
and Other Policies 

Our
investment policy is to concentrate our investments in well-located, modern, single-tenant, industrial buildings, leased primarily to
investment-grade tenants or their subsidiaries on long-term net leases. Our strategy is to obtain a favorable yield spread between the
income from the net-leased industrial properties and interest costs. In addition, we believe that investments in well-located, modern
industrial properties provide a potential for long-term capital appreciation. There is the risk that, upon expiration of leases, the
properties will become vacant or will be re-leased at lower rents. The results obtained from re-leasing the properties will depend on
the market for industrial properties at that time. 

In
fiscal 2021, approximately 5 of our gross leasable area, representing ten leases totaling 1.2 million square feet, was set to expire.
All ten of these leases have been renewed, resulting in a 100 retention rate for a weighted average term of 4.2 years. These ten lease
renewals resulted in a U.S. GAAP straight-line weighted average lease rate of 4.77 per square foot. The renewed weighted average initial
cash rent per square foot is 4.66. This compares to the former weighted average rent of 4.49 per square foot on a U.S. GAAP straight-line
basis and the former weighted average cash rent of 4.64 per square foot, resulting in an increase in the weighted average lease rate
of 6.2 on a U.S. GAAP straight-line basis and an increase in the weighted average lease rate of 0.4 on a cash basis. 

We
seek to invest in well-located, modern, single-tenant, industrial buildings, leased primarily to investment-grade tenants or their subsidiaries
on long-term net leases. In management s opinion, the recently acquired facilities meet these criteria. We have a concentration
of properties leased to FDX and FDX subsidiaries and to subsidiaries of Amazon. This is a risk that shareholders should consider. FDX
and Amazon are publicly-listed companies and financial information related to these entities are available at the SEC s website,
 www.sec.gov . FDX and Amazon are rated BBB and AA , respectively by S P Global Ratings www.standardandpoors.com and are rated Baa2 and A1 , respectively by Moody s www.moodys.com ), which are both considered
 Investment Grade ratings. The references in this report to the SEC s website, S P Global Ratings website
and Moody s website are not intended to and do not include, or incorporate by reference into this report, the information of FDX,
Amazon, S P Global Ratings or Moody s on such websites. 

7 

 Table of Contents 

We
have considered issuing securities for property; however, this has not occurred to date. We may repurchase or reacquire our shares
from time to time if, in the opinion of the Board of Directors, such acquisition is in our best interest. On September 14, 2021, our
Board of Directors reaffirmed our Common Stock Repurchase Program (the Program that authorizes us to purchase up to 50.0
million of shares of our common stock. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchase will be determined by us at our discretion
and will be subject to economic and market conditions, stock price, applicable legal requirements and other factors. The Program does
not have a termination date and may be suspended or discontinued at our discretion without prior notice. During fiscal 2020, we repurchased
400,000 shares of our common stock for 4.3 million at an average price of 10.69 per share. These were the only repurchases made under
the Program thus far. 

Property
Management 

With
the exception of two properties, all of our 122 properties are self-managed by us. 

For
the properties we self-manage, we paid fees directly to local property management subagents of 518,000, 482,000 and 468,000 for fiscal
years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

Governmental
Regulations 

Our
properties are subject to various federal, state and local regulatory laws and requirements, including, but not limited to, the Americans
with Disabilities Act, zoning regulations, building codes and land use laws, and building, occupancy and other permit requirements. Noncompliance
could result in the imposition of governmental fines or the award of damages to private litigants. While we believe that we are currently
in material compliance with these regulatory requirements, the requirements may change or new requirements may be imposed that could
require significant unanticipated expenditures by us. Additionally, local zoning and land use laws, environmental statutes and other
governmental requirements may restrict, or negatively impact, our property operations, or expansion, rehabilitation and reconstruction
activities and such regulations may prevent us from taking advantage of economic opportunities. Future changes in federal, state or local
tax regulations applicable to REITs, real property or income derived from our real estate, which may be retroactive, could impact the
financial performance, operations, and value of our properties and the Company. 

Tax
Regulation 

We
have elected to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code, commencing with our taxable year which ended September
30, 1968. Our qualification and taxation as a REIT depends upon our ability to meet on a continuing basis, through actual annual operating
results, distribution levels and diversity of stock ownership, the various qualification tests and organizational requirements imposed
under the Code, as discussed below. We believe that we are organized and have operated in such a manner as to qualify under the Code
for taxation as a REIT since our inception, and we intend to continue to operate in such a manner. 

To
maintain our qualification as a REIT, two separate percentage tests relating to the source of our gross income must be satisfied annually.
First, at least 75 of our gross income (excluding gross income from prohibited transactions) for each taxable year generally must be
derived directly or indirectly from investments relating to real property (including dividends paid by other REITs, mortgages on real
property, rents from real property, gain, and, in certain circumstances, interest) or from certain types of temporary investments.
Second, at least 95 of our gross income (excluding gross income from prohibited transactions) for each taxable year must be derived
from such real property investments described above, dividends, interest and gain from the sale or disposition of stock or securities,
or from any combination of the foregoing. Rents received by us will qualify as rents from real property in satisfying the
above gross income tests only if several conditions are met. First, the amount of rent generally must not be based in whole or in part
on the income or profits of any person. However, amounts received or accrued generally will not be excluded from rents from real
property solely by reason of being based on a fixed percentage or percentages of gross receipts or sales. Second, rents received
from a tenant will not qualify as rents from real property if we, or a direct or indirect owner of 10 or more of our stock,
actually or constructively own 10 or more of such tenant. Third, if rent attributable to personal property that is leased in connection
with a lease of real property is greater than 15 of the total rent received under the lease, then the portion of rent attributable to
such personal property will not qualify as rents from real property. This 15 test is based on relative fair market values
of the real and personal property. Generally, for rents to qualify as rents from real property for the purposes of the
gross income tests, we are only allowed to provide services that are both usually or customarily rendered in connection
with the rental of real property and not otherwise considered rendered to the occupant. Further, for the rent paid pursuant
to our leases to qualify for purposes of the gross income tests, the leases must be respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes
and not be treated as service contracts, joint ventures or some other type of arrangement. We structure our leases to generate qualifying
income. 

8 

 Table of Contents 

In
addition to the income tests discussed above, to maintain our qualification as a REIT, at the close of each quarter of our taxable year,
we must satisfy seven tests relating to the nature of our assets. We limit our investments to assets that will allow us to meet these
requirements: 

At
 least 75 of the value of our total assets must be represented by real estate assets , cash, cash items and government
 securities, as such terms are defined in the Code. 

Not
 more than 25 of the value of our total assets may be represented by securities, other than those in the 75 asset class. 

Except
 for certain investments in REITs, taxable REIT subsidiaries (TRSs) and other securities in the 75 asset class, the value of any
 one issuer s securities owned by us may not exceed 5 of the value of our total assets. 

Except
 for certain investments in REITs, TRSs and other securities in the 75 asset class, we may not own more than 10 of the total voting
 power of any one issuer s outstanding securities. 

Except
 for certain investments in REITs, TRSs and other securities in the 75 asset class, we may not own more than 10 of the total value
 of the outstanding securities of any one issuer, other than securities that qualify for the debt safe harbors. 

The
 aggregate value of all securities of TRSs held by us may not exceed 20 of the value of our gross assets. 

No
 more than 25 of the value of our total assets may consist of debt instruments issued by publicly offered REITs (i.e.,
 a REIT that is required to file annual and periodic reports with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) to the extent
 such debt instruments are not secured by real property or interests in real property. 

Finally,
in order to qualify as a REIT, we must, among other requirements, distribute, each year, to our shareholders at least 90 percent of our
taxable income, excluding net capital gains. To the extent that we satisfy the 90 percent distribution requirement, but distribute less
than 100 percent of our taxable income, we will be subject to federal corporate income tax on our undistributed income and may incur
a 4 percent nondeductible excise tax on the amount not distributed. As a result, we distribute substantially all of our taxable income
in each year, and must seek other sources of capital to fund our operations and growth. 

Environmental
Matters 

Under
various federal, state and local environmental laws, statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations, an owner of real property may be liable
for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances at, on, in or under such property as well as certain
other potential costs relating to hazardous or toxic substances. These liabilities may include government fines and penalties and damages
for injuries to persons and adjacent property. Such laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner knew of, or was responsible
for, the presence or disposal of such substances. Although generally our tenants are primarily responsible for any environmental damages
and claims related to the leased premises, in the event of the bankruptcy or inability of a tenant of such premises to satisfy any obligations
with respect to such environmental liability, we may be required to satisfy such obligations. In addition, as the owner of such properties,
we may be held directly liable for any such damages or claims irrespective of the provisions of any lease. 

From
time to time, in connection with managing the properties or upon acquisition of a property, we authorize the preparation of Phase I and,
when necessary, Phase II environmental reports with respect to our properties. Based upon such environmental reports and our ongoing
review of our properties, as of the date of this Annual Report, we are not aware of any environmental condition with respect to any of
our properties which we believe would be reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and/or results
of operations. There can be no assurance, however, that (1) the discovery of environmental conditions, the existence or severity of which
were previously unknown; (2) changes in law; (3) the conduct of tenants; or (4) activities relating to properties in the vicinity of
our properties, will not expose us to material liability in the future. 

Contact
Information 

Additional
information about us can be found on our website which is located at www.mreic.reit . Information contained on or hyperlinked from
our Website is not incorporated by reference into and should not be considered part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or our other filings
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). We make available, free of charge, on or through our website, annual reports on Form
10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such
material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 

9 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
1A RISK FACTORS 

The
following risk factors address the material risks concerning our business. If any of the risks discussed in this report were to occur,
our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operation and our ability to service our debt and make distributions to our
shareholders could be materially and adversely affected and the market price per share of our stock could decline significantly. Some
statements in this report, including statements in the following risk factors, constitute forward-looking statements. Please refer to
the section entitled Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 

Risks Relating to our Proposed Merger with
ILPT 

ILPT s
acquisition of us pursuant to the Merger Agreement is subject to various closing conditions and other risks which may cause the merger
to be delayed or not completed at all or have other adverse consequences. Our proposed merger with ILPT is subject to various
closing conditions that must be satisfied or waived to complete the merger, including approval by the holders of two-thirds of our outstanding
common stock. There can be no assurance that these conditions will be satisfied or waived or that the merger will be completed in a timely
manner or at all. Failure to satisfy or obtain waivers of any closing conditions may jeopardize or delay the completion of the merger
and result in additional expenditures of money and resources. There is no assurance that our stockholders will approve the merger with
ILPT by the affirmative vote of holders of two-thirds of our outstanding common stock, as required by Maryland law and our charter. If
the merger is not completed for any reason, the price of our Common Stock may decline to the extent that the current market price reflects
an assumption that the merger will be consummated and our stockholders will not receive any payment for their shares in connection with
the merger. Legal proceedings instituted against us and others relating to the Merger Agreement with ILPT also could delay or prevent
the merger from becoming effective within the agreed upon timeframe. In addition, we or ILPT may elect to terminate the Merger Agreement
in certain circumstances, and the parties can mutually decide to terminate the Merger Agreement at any time prior to the consummation
of the merger, either before or after stockholder approval. Further, uncertainty among our employees about their future roles after the
completion of the proposed merger may impair our ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel, and the proposed merger may disrupt
our business relationships with our existing and potential tenants, suppliers, financing sources and other business partners, who may
attempt to negotiate changes in existing business relationships or consider entering into business relationships with parties other than
us. Any adverse consequence of the merger could be exacerbated by any delays in completion of the merger or termination of the Merger
Agreement. Termination of the Merger Agreement could materially adversely affect our business operations and financial results, which
in turn would materially and adversely affect the price of our common stock. 

 We have incurred,
and will continue to incur, significant transaction and related costs in connection with the proposed merger, our Board of Directors 
review of strategic alternatives, and related matters. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur substantial costs associated
with our strategic review processes, the proposed merger with ILPT and our previous merger agreement with Equity Commonwealth, which
was terminated after it did not receive the requisite approval of our stockholders. Such costs include the payment of certain fees and
expenses incurred in connection with the proposed merger with ILPT and the terminated merger agreement with Equity Commonwealth, including
legal and other professional advisory fees as well as the reimbursement of approximately 10 million of transaction expenses incurred
by Equity Commonwealth and, in the event our common stockholders do not approve the merger agreement with ILPT and as a result the merger
agreement is terminated, a similar reimbursement of up to 10 million of ILPT s expenses. We have also incurred significant expenses
in connection with litigation and potential litigation involving one of our shareholders, Blackwells Capital LLC, and our former general
counsel, and in settling such litigation and potential litigation in November 2021. Additional unanticipated costs also may be incurred. 

 Under the Merger
Agreement with ILPT, we are subject to restrictions on our business activities. The Merger Agreement contains numerous restrictions
on our business activities while the merger is pending, including, among other things, restrictions on our ability to acquire other businesses
and assets, dispose of our assets, make investments, enter into certain contracts, repurchase or issue securities, pay dividends, make
capital expenditures, amend our organizational documents, incur indebtedness and settle litigation. These restrictions could prevent
us from pursuing strategic business opportunities, taking actions with respect to our business that we may consider advantageous and
responding effectively and/or timely to competitive pressures and industry developments, which may as a result materially adversely affect
our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Real
Estate Industry Risks 

Our
business and financial results are affected by local real estate conditions in areas where we own properties. We may be affected
adversely by general economic conditions and local real estate conditions. For example, an oversupply of industrial properties in a local
area or a decline in the attractiveness of our properties to tenants and potential tenants could have a negative effect on us. 

Other
factors that may affect general economic conditions or local real estate conditions include but are not limited to: 

population
 and demographic trends; 

employment
 and personal income trends; 

zoning,
 use and other regulatory restrictions; 

income
 tax laws; 

changes
 in interest rates and availability and costs of financing; and 

competition
 from other available real estate. 

We
may be unable to compete with our larger competitors and other alternatives available to tenants or potential tenants of our properties .
The real estate business is highly competitive. We compete for properties with other real estate investors and purchasers, including
other real estate investment trusts, limited partnerships, syndications and private investors, some of whom may have greater financial
resources, revenues and geographical diversity than we have. Furthermore, we compete for tenants with other property owners. All of our
industrial properties are subject to significant local competition. We also compete with a wide variety of institutions and other investors
for capital funds necessary to support our investment activities and asset growth. To the extent that we are unable to effectively compete
in the marketplace, our business may be adversely affected. 

We
are subject to significant regulation that inhibits our activities and may increase our costs . Local zoning and use laws, environmental
statutes and other governmental requirements may restrict expansion, rehabilitation and reconstruction activities. These regulations
may prevent us from taking advantage of economic opportunities. Legislation such as the Americans with Disabilities Act may require us
to modify our properties at a substantial cost and noncompliance could result in the imposition of fines or an award of damages to private
litigants. Future legislation may impose additional requirements. We may incur additional costs to comply with any future requirements. 

Our
investments are concentrated in the industrial distribution sector and our business would be adversely affected by an economic downturn
in that sector . Our investments in real estate assets are primarily concentrated in the industrial distribution sector. This
concentration may expose us to the risk of economic downturns in this sector to a greater extent than if our business activities included
a more significant portion of other sectors of the real estate industry. 

10 

 Table of Contents 

Risks
Associated with Our Properties 

We
may be unable to renew or extend leases or re-let space as leases expire . While we seek to invest in well-located, modern, single-tenant,
industrial buildings, leased to investment-grade tenants or their subsidiaries on long-term net leases, a number of our properties are
subject to short-term leases. When a lease expires, a tenant may elect not to renew or extend it. We may not be able to re-let the property
on similar terms, if we are able to re-let the property at all. The terms of renewal, extension or re-lease (including the cost of required
renovations and/or concessions to tenants) may be less favorable to us than the prior lease. If we are unable to re-let all or a substantial
portion of our properties, or if the rental rates upon such re-letting are significantly lower than expected rates, our cash generated
before debt repayments and capital expenditures and our ability to make expected distributions, may be adversely affected. We have established
an annual budget for renovation and re-letting expenses that we believe is reasonable in light of each property s operating history
and local market characteristics. However, this budget may not be sufficient to cover these expenses. 

Our
business is substantially dependent on certain tenants . FDX, together with its subsidiaries, is our largest tenant, consisting
of 65 separate stand-alone leases located in 27 different states as of September 30, 2021. As of September 30, 2021, we had 24.9 million
square feet of property, of which 11.6 million square feet, or 47 , were leased to FDX and its subsidiaries (5 from FDX and 42 from
FDX subsidiaries). As of September 30, 2021, in addition to FDX and its subsidiaries, the only tenants that leased 5 or more of our
total square footage were subsidiaries of Amazon, which are parties to five separate stand-alone leases for properties located in four
different states, containing 1.5 million total square feet, comprising 6 of our total leasable square feet. Rental and reimbursement
revenue from FDX and its subsidiaries was 57 (5 from FDX and 52 from FDX subsidiaries) of total rental and reimbursement revenue for
fiscal 2021. In addition to FDX and its subsidiaries, the only tenants to comprise 5 or more of our total Rental and Reimbursement Revenue
were subsidiaries of Amazon, which represented 6 of our Rental and Reimbursement Revenue for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021.
None of our properties are subject to a master lease or any cross-collateralization agreements. 

As
a result of this concentration with FDX and its subsidiaries and with subsidiaries of Amazon, our business, financial condition and results
of operations, including the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders, could be adversely affected if we are unable
to do business with them or if they reduced their business with us or if they were to become unable to make lease payments because of
a downturn in their business or otherwise. FDX and Amazon are publicly-listed companies and financial information related to these entities
are available at the SEC s website, www.sec.gov . 

We
are subject to risks involved in single-tenant leases . We
focus our acquisition activities on real properties that are net-leased to single-tenants. Therefore, the financial failure of, or other
default by, a single-tenant under its lease is likely to cause a significant reduction in the operating cash flow generated by the property
leased to that tenant and might decrease the value of that property. In addition, we will be responsible for 100 of the operating costs
following a vacancy at a single-tenant building. 

We
may be affected negatively by tenant financial difficulties and leasing delays . At any time, a tenant may experience a downturn
in its business that may weaken its financial condition. Similarly, a general decline in the economy may result in a decline in the demand
for space at our industrial properties. As a result, our tenants may delay lease commencement, fail to make rental payments when due,
or declare bankruptcy. Any such event could result in the termination of that tenant s lease and losses to us. 

We
receive a substantial portion of our income as rents under long-term leases. If tenants are unable to comply with the terms of
their leases because of rising costs or falling revenues, we may deem it advisable to modify lease terms to allow tenants to pay a lower
rental rate or a smaller share of operating costs, taxes and insurance. If a tenant becomes insolvent or bankrupt, we cannot be sure
that we could recover the premises from the tenant promptly or from a trustee or debtor-in-possession in any bankruptcy proceeding relating
to the tenant. We also cannot be sure that we would receive rent in the proceeding sufficient to cover our expenses with respect to the
premises. If a tenant becomes bankrupt, the federal bankruptcy code will apply and, in some instances, may restrict the amount and recoverability
of our claims against the tenant. A tenant s default on its obligations to us for any reason could adversely affect our financial
condition and the cash we have available for distribution. 

We
may be unable to sell properties when appropriate because real estate investments are illiquid. Real estate investments generally
cannot be sold quickly and, therefore, will tend to limit our ability to vary our property portfolio promptly in response to changes
in economic or other conditions. In addition, the Code may limit our ability to sell our properties. The inability to respond promptly
to changes in the performance of our property portfolio could adversely affect our financial condition and ability to service debt and
make distributions to our shareholders. 

11 

 Table of Contents 

Environmental
liabilities could affect our profitability . We face possible environmental liabilities. Environmental laws today can impose liability
on a previous owner or operator of a property that owned or operated the property at a time when hazardous or toxic substances were disposed
on, or released from, the property. A conveyance of the property, therefore, does not relieve the owner or operator from liability. As
a current or former owner and operator of real estate, we may be required by law to investigate and clean up hazardous substances released
at or from the properties we currently own or operate or have in the past owned or operated. We may also be liable to the government
or to third parties for property damage, investigation costs and cleanup costs. In addition, some environmental laws create a lien on
the contaminated site in favor of the government for damages and costs the government incurs in connection with the contamination. Contamination
may adversely affect our ability to sell or lease real estate or to borrow using the real estate as collateral. We are not aware of any
environmental liabilities relating to our investment properties which would have a material adverse effect on our business, assets, or
results of operations. However, we cannot assure you that environmental liabilities will not arise in the future and that such liabilities
will not have a material adverse effect on our business, assets or results of operation. 

Actions
by our competitors may decrease or prevent increases in the occupancy and rental rates of our properties . We compete with other
owners and operators of real estate, some of which own properties similar to ours in the same submarkets in which our properties are
located. If our competitors offer space at rental rates below current market rates or below the rental rates we currently charge our
tenants, we may lose potential tenants, and we may be pressured to reduce our rental rates below those we currently charge in order to
retain tenants when our tenants leases expire. As a result, our financial condition, cash flow and cash available for distribution,
the market price of our preferred and common stock and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be materially and adversely
affected. 

We
may be unable to acquire properties on advantageous terms or acquisitions may not perform as we expect. We have acquired individual
properties and intend to continue to do so. However, we may be unable to acquire any of the properties that we may identify as potential
acquisition opportunities in the future. Our acquisition activities and their success are subject to the following risks: 

when
 we are able to locate a desired property, competition from other real estate investors may significantly increase the purchase price; 

acquired
 properties may fail to perform as expected; 

the
 actual costs of repositioning or redeveloping acquired properties may be higher than our estimates; 

acquired
 properties may be located in new markets where we face risks associated with an incomplete knowledge or understanding of the local
 market, a limited number of established business relationships in the area and a relative unfamiliarity with local governmental and
 permitting procedures; 

we
 may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate new acquisitions, particularly acquisitions of portfolios of properties, into
 our existing operations, and as a result, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected; and 

we
 may acquire properties subject to liabilities and without any recourse, or with only limited recourse, to the seller. As a result,
 if a claim were asserted against us based upon ownership of those properties, we might have to pay substantial sums to resolve it,
 which could adversely affect our cash flow and financial condition. 

12 

 Table of Contents 

Financing
Risks 

We
face inherent risks associated with our debt incurrence . We finance a portion of our investments in properties and marketable
securities through the incurrence of debt. We are subject to the risks normally associated with debt financing, including the risk that
our cash flow will be insufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest. In addition, debt creates other risks, including: 

rising
 interest rates on our variable rate debt; 

inability
 to repay or refinance existing debt as it matures, which may result in forced disposition of assets on disadvantageous terms; 

one
 or more lenders under our 225 million unsecured line of credit and our 75 million term loan could refuse to fund their financing
 commitment to us or could fail, and we may not be able to replace the financing commitment of any such lenders on favorable terms,
 or at all; 

refinancing
 terms that are less favorable than the terms of existing debt; and 

inability
 to meet required payments of principal and/or interest. 

We
mortgage many of our properties, which subjects us to the risk of foreclosure in the event of non-payment. We mortgage many of
our properties to secure payment of indebtedness and, if we are unable to meet mortgage payments, the property could be foreclosed upon
or transferred to the mortgagee with a consequent loss of income and asset value. A foreclosure of one or more of our properties could
adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, and ability to service debt and make distributions and the
market price of our preferred and common stock. 

We
face risks related to balloon payments and refinancings. Certain mortgages will have significant outstanding principal
balances on their maturity dates, commonly known as balloon payments. There can be no assurance that we will have the funds
available to fund the balloon payment or that we will be able to refinance the debt on favorable terms or at all. To the extent we cannot
either pay off or refinance this debt on favorable terms or at all, we may be forced to dispose of properties on disadvantageous terms
or pay higher interest rates, either of which could have an adverse impact on our financial performance and ability to service debt and
make distributions. 

We
face risks associated with our dependence on external sources of capital . In order to qualify as a REIT, we are required each
year to distribute to our shareholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, and we are subject to tax on our income to the extent
it is not distributed. Because of this distribution requirement, we may not be able to fund all future capital needs from cash retained
from operations. As a result, to fund capital needs, we rely on third-party sources of capital, which we may not be able to obtain on
favorable terms, if at all. Our access to third-party sources of capital depends upon a number of factors, including (i) general market
conditions; (ii) the market s perception of our growth potential; (iii) our current and potential future earnings and cash distributions;
and (iv) the market price of our capital stock. Additional debt financing may substantially increase our debt-to-total capitalization
ratio. Additional equity issuances may dilute the holdings of our current shareholders. 

We
may become more highly leveraged, resulting in increased risk of default on our obligations and an increase in debt service requirements
which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and our ability to pay distributions .
 We have incurred, and may continue to incur, indebtedness in furtherance of our activities .
Our governing documents do not limit the amount of indebtedness we may incur. Accordingly, our Board of Directors may authorize us to
incur additional debt. We could therefore become more highly leveraged, resulting in an increased risk of default on our obligations
and an increase in debt service requirements which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and our ability
to pay distributions to shareholders. 

Fluctuations
in interest rates could materially affect our financial results. Because a portion of our debt bears interest at variable rates,
increases in interest rates could materially increase our interest expense. If the United States Federal Reserve increases short-term
interest rates, this may have a significant upward impact on shorter-term interest rates, including the interest rates that our variable
rate debt is based upon. Potential future increases in interest rates and credit spreads may increase our interest expense and affect
our ability to obtain fixed rate debt at favorable interest rates and therefore negatively affect our financial condition and results
of operations, and reduce our access to the debt or equity capital markets. 

13 

 Table of Contents 

The
interest rate on our unsecured line of credit facility is based on the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR or Bank of
Montreal s (BMO s) prime lending rate. All indications are that the LIBOR reference rate will be phased out completely by
June 30, 2023. At that point in time, our unsecured line of credit facility will no longer have the LIBOR reference rate available and
the reference rate will need to be replaced or we will be required to use BMO s prime lending rate as a reference rate, which historically
has resulted in higher effective interest rates than the LIBOR reference rate. We have very good working relationships with our lenders
and all indications we have received from our lenders is that their goal is to have a replacement reference rate for our unsecured line
of credit facility. However, because this is the first time a reference rate for our unsecured line of credit facility will stop being
published, we cannot be sure how a replacement rate event will conclude. Until we have more clarity from our lenders on how they plan
on dealing with a replacement rate event, we cannot be certain of the impact to us. 

Covenants
in our loan documents could limit our flexibility and adversely affect our financial condition . The terms of our various credit
agreements and other indebtedness require us to comply with a number of customary financial and other covenants, such as maintaining
debt service coverage and leverage ratios and maintaining insurance coverage. These covenants may limit our flexibility in our operations,
and breaches of these covenants could result in defaults under the instruments governing the applicable indebtedness even if we had satisfied
our payment obligations. If we were to default under credit agreements or other debt instruments, our financial condition could be adversely
affected. 

Risks
Related to our Status as a REIT 

If
our leases are not respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes, we would fail to qualify as a REIT. To qualify as
a REIT, we must, among other things, satisfy two gross income tests, under which specified percentages of our gross income must be passive
income, such as rent. For the rent paid pursuant to our leases to qualify for purposes of the gross income tests, the leases must be
respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes and not be treated as service contracts, joint ventures or some other type of
arrangement. The determination of whether a lease is a true lease depends upon an analysis of all the surrounding facts and circumstances.
We believe that our leases will be respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes. However, there can be no assurance that
the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) will agree with this view. If the leases are not respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes,
we would not be able to satisfy either of the two gross income tests applicable to REITs, and we could lose our REIT status. 

Failure
to make required distributions would subject us to additional tax. In order to
qualify as a REIT, we must, among other requirements, distribute, each year, to our shareholders at least 90 percent of our taxable income,
excluding net capital gains. To the extent that we satisfy the 90 percent distribution requirement, but distribute less than 100 percent
of our taxable income, we will be subject to federal corporate income tax on our undistributed income. In addition, we will incur a 4
percent nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which our distributions (or deemed distributions) and the amounts of income
retained on which we have paid corporate income tax in any year are less than the sum of: 

85
 percent of our ordinary income for that year; 

95
 percent of our capital gain net earnings for that year; and 

100
 percent of our undistributed taxable income from prior years. 

To
the extent we pay out in excess of 100 percent of our taxable income for any tax year, we may be able to carry forward such excess to
subsequent years to reduce our required distributions for purposes of the 4 percent excise tax in such subsequent years. We intend to
pay out our income to our shareholders in a manner intended to satisfy the 90 percent distribution requirement. Differences in timing
between the recognition of income and the related cash receipts, the effects of non-deductible capital expenditures, the creation of
reserves or the effect of required debt amortization payments could require us to borrow money or sell assets (potentially during unfavorable
market conditions) to pay out enough of our taxable income to satisfy the 90 percent distribution requirement and to avoid corporate
income tax. 

We
may not have sufficient cash available from operations to pay distributions, and, therefore, distributions may be made from borrowings.
 The actual amount and timing of distributions will be determined by our Board of Directors in its discretion and typically will
depend on the amount of cash available for distribution, which will depend on items such as current and projected cash requirements,
limitations on distributions imposed by law or our financing arrangements and tax considerations. As a result, we may not have sufficient
cash available from operations to pay distributions as required to maintain our status as a REIT. Therefore, we may need to borrow funds
to make sufficient cash distributions in order to maintain our status as a REIT, which may cause us to incur additional interest expense
as a result of an increase in borrowed funds for the purpose of paying distributions. 

14 

 Table of Contents 

We
may be required to pay a penalty tax upon the sale of a property. The federal income
tax provisions applicable to REITs provide that any gain realized by a REIT on the sale of property, other than foreclosure property,
held as inventory or other property held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business is treated as income from
a prohibited transaction that is subject to a 100 percent penalty tax. Under current law, unless a sale of real property
qualifies for a safe harbor, the question of whether the sale of real estate or other property constitutes the sale of property held
primarily for sale to customers is generally a question of the facts and circumstances regarding a particular transaction. It is our
intent that we and our subsidiaries will hold the interests in the real estate for investment with a view to long-term appreciation,
engage in the business of acquiring and owning real estate, and make occasional sales as are consistent with our investment objectives.
We do not intend to engage in prohibited transactions. We cannot assure you, however, that we will only make sales that satisfy the requirements
of the safe harbors or that the IRS will not successfully assert that one or more of such sales are prohibited transactions. The 100 
tax will not apply to gains from the sale of property that is held through a taxable REIT subsidiary or other taxable corporation, although
such income will be subject to tax in the hands of the corporation at regular U.S. federal income tax rates. 

There
is a risk of changes in the tax law applicable to real estate investment trusts . Because the IRS, the United States Treasury
Department and Congress frequently review federal income tax legislation, we cannot predict whether, when or to what extent new federal
tax laws, regulations, interpretations or rulings will be adopted. Any of such legislative actions may prospectively or retroactively
modify our tax treatment and, therefore, may adversely affect taxation of us and/or our investors. 

The
enacted Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, or the TCJA , as amended by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, or the
CARES Act, has significantly changed the U.S. federal income taxation of U.S. businesses and their owners, including REITs and their
shareholders. Changes made by the TCJA and the CARES Act that could affect us and our shareholders include: 

temporarily
 reducing individual U.S. federal income tax rates on ordinary income; the highest individual U.S. federal income tax rate has been
 reduced from 39.6 to 37 for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 and before January 1, 2026; 

permanently
 eliminating the progressive corporate tax rate structure, with a maximum corporate tax rate of 35 , and replacing it with a flat
 corporate tax rate of 21 ; 

permitting
 a deduction for certain pass-through business income, including dividends received by our shareholders from us that are not designated
 by us as capital gain dividends or qualified dividend income, which will generally allow individuals, trusts, and estates to deduct
 up to 20 of such amounts for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 and before January 1, 2026; 

reducing
 the highest rate of withholding with respect to our distributions to non-U.S. stockholders that are treated as attributable to gains
 from the sale or exchange of U.S. real property interests from 35 to 21 ; 

limiting
 our deduction for net operating losses to 80 of REIT taxable income (prior to the application of the dividends paid deduction) for
 taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020; 

generally
 limiting the deduction for net business interest expense in excess of a specified percentage (50 for taxable years beginning in
 2019 and 2020 and 30 for subsequent taxable years) of a business s adjusted taxable income except for taxpayers that engage
 in certain real estate businesses and elect out of this rule (provided that such electing taxpayers must use an alternative depreciation
 system for certain property); and 

eliminating
 the corporate alternative minimum tax. 

15 

 Table of Contents 

You
are urged to consult with your tax advisor with respect to the status of legislative, regulatory, judicial or administrative developments
and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in our securities. 

To
qualify as a REIT, we must comply with certain highly technical and complex requirements . We cannot be certain we have complied,
and will always be able to comply, with the requirements to qualify as a REIT because there are few judicial and administrative interpretations
of these provisions. In addition, facts and circumstances that may be beyond our control may affect our ability to continue to qualify
as a REIT. We cannot assure you that new legislation, regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions will not change
the tax laws significantly with respect to our qualification as a REIT or with respect to the federal income tax consequences of qualification.
We believe that we have qualified as a REIT since our inception and intend to continue to qualify as a REIT. However, we cannot assure
you that we are qualified or will remain qualified. 

We
may be unable to comply with the strict income distribution requirement applicable to REITs . As noted above, to maintain qualification
as a REIT under the Code, a REIT must annually distribute to its shareholders at least 90 of its REIT taxable income, excluding the
dividends paid deduction and net capital gains. This requirement limits our ability to accumulate capital. We may not have sufficient
cash or other liquid assets to meet the 90 distribution requirements. Difficulties in meeting the 90 distribution requirement might
arise due to competing demands for our funds or to timing differences between tax reporting and cash receipts and disbursements, because
income may have to be reported before cash is received, because expenses may have to be paid before a deduction is allowed, because deductions
may be disallowed or limited or because the IRS may make a determination that adjusts reported income. In those situations, we might
be required to borrow funds or sell properties on adverse terms in order to meet the 90 distribution requirement and interest and penalties
could apply which could adversely affect our financial condition. If we fail to satisfy the 90 distribution requirement, we would cease
to be taxed as a REIT. 

Notwithstanding
our status as a REIT, we are subject to various federal, state and local taxes on our income and property . For example, we will
be taxed at regular corporate rates on any undistributed taxable income, including undistributed net capital gains; provided, however,
that properly designated undistributed capital gains will effectively avoid taxation at the shareholder level. We may be subject to other
federal income taxes and may also have to pay some state income or franchise taxes because not all states treat REITs in the same manner
as they are treated for federal income tax purposes. In addition, any taxable REIT subsidiary that we may form will be subject to regular
corporate federal, state and local taxes. Any of these taxes would decrease cash available for distributions to stockholders. 

Other
Risks 

We
may not be able to access adequate cash to fund our business. Our business requires access to adequate cash to finance our operations,
distributions, capital expenditures, debt service obligations, development and redevelopment costs and property acquisition costs, if
any. We expect to generate the cash to be used for these purposes primarily with operating cash flow, borrowings under secured and unsecured
term loans, proceeds from sales of strategically identified assets and, when market conditions permit, through the issuance of debt and
equity securities from time to time. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to fund our business, particularly if we are unable
to renew or extend leases, lease vacant space or re-lease space as leases expire according to expectations. 

We
are dependent on key personnel. Our executive and other senior officers have a significant role in our success. Our ability to
retain our management group or to attract suitable replacements should any members of the management group leave is dependent on the
competitive nature of the employment market. The loss of services from key members of the management group or a limitation in their availability
could adversely affect our financial condition and cash flow. Further, such a loss could be negatively perceived in the capital markets. 

We
may amend our business policies without shareholder approval . Our Board of Directors determines our growth, investment, financing,
capitalization, borrowing, operations and distributions policies. In addition, our charter provides that our Board of Directors may revoke
or otherwise terminate our REIT election, without the approval of our shareholders, if it determines that it is no longer in our best
interest to continue to qualify as a REIT. Although our Board of Directors has no present intention to amend or reverse any of these
policies, they may be amended or revised without notice to shareholders. Accordingly, shareholders may not have control over changes
in our policies. We cannot assure you that changes in our policies will serve fully the interests of all shareholders. 

16 

 Table of Contents 

The
market value of our preferred and common stock could decrease based on our performance and market perception and conditions . The
market value of our preferred and common stock may be based primarily upon the market s perception of our growth potential and
current and future cash dividends, and may be secondarily based upon the real estate market value of our underlying assets. The market
price of our preferred and common stock is influenced by their respective distributions relative to market interest rates. Rising interest
rates may lead potential buyers of our stock to expect a higher distribution rate, which could adversely affect the market price of our
stock. In addition, rising interest rates could result in increased expense, thereby adversely affecting cash flow and our ability to
service our indebtedness and pay distributions. 

There
are restrictions on the ownership and transfer of our capital stock . To maintain our qualification as a REIT under the Code,
no more than 50 in value of our outstanding capital stock may be owned, actually or by attribution, by five or fewer individuals, as
defined in the Code to also include certain entities, during the last half of a taxable year. Accordingly, our charter contains provisions
restricting the ownership and transfer of our capital stock. These restrictions may discourage a tender offer or other transaction, or
a change in management or of control of us that might involve a premium price for our common stock or preferred stock or that our shareholders
otherwise believe to be in their best interests, and may result in the transfer of shares acquired in excess of the restrictions to a
trust for the benefit of a charitable beneficiary and, as a result, the forfeiture by the acquirer of the benefits of owning the additional
shares. 

Our
earnings are dependent, in part, upon the performance of our investment portfolio . As permitted by the Code, we opportunistically
invest in marketable securities of other REITs. We intend to limit the size of this portfolio to no more than approximately 5 of our
undepreciated assets, which we define as total assets excluding accumulated depreciation. We continue to believe that our REIT securities
portfolio provides us with diversification, income, a source of potential liquidity when needed and also serves as a proxy for real estate
when more favorable risk adjusted returns are not available in the private real estate markets. Our decision to reduce this threshold
mainly stems from the implementation of accounting rule ASU 2016-01, Financial Instruments Overall: Recognition and Measurement
of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities , which took effect at the beginning of our fiscal year ended September 30, 2019.
This rule requires that quarterly changes in the market value of our marketable securities flow through our Consolidated Statements of
Income. The implementation of this accounting rule has resulted in increased volatility in our reported earnings and some of our key
performance metrics. To the extent that the fair value of those investments decline or those investments do not provide an attractive
return, our earnings and cash flow could be adversely affected. As mentioned above, beginning with our fiscal year ended September 30,
2019, all changes in the fair value of the equity securities of other REITs that we own, whether realized or unrealized, were recognized
as gains or losses in our consolidated statement of income. As a result, fluctuations in the fair value of those investments will impact
our earnings even if we have not sold the underlying investments. 

17 

 Table of Contents 

If
our proposed merger with ILPT is not consummated, we will remain 
subject to restrictions that may impede our ability to effect a future change in control . Certain provisions contained
in our charter and bylaws and certain provisions of Maryland law may have the effect of discouraging a third party from making an acquisition
proposal for us and thereby inhibit a change in control. These provisions include the following: 

Our
 charter provides for three classes of directors with the term of office of one class expiring each year, commonly referred to as
 a staggered board. By preventing common shareholders from voting on the election of more than one class of directors
 at any annual meeting of shareholders, this provision may have the effect of keeping the current members of our Board of Directors
 in control for a longer period of time than shareholders may desire. 

Our
 charter generally limits any stockholder from acquiring more than 9.8 (in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive)
 of our outstanding equity stock (defined as all of our classes of capital stock, except our excess stock). While this provision is
 intended to assist us in qualifying as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, the ownership limit may also limit the opportunity
 for shareholders to receive a premium for their shares of common stock that might otherwise exist if an investor was attempting to
 assemble a block of shares in excess of 9.8 of the outstanding shares of equity stock or otherwise affect a change in control. 

The
 request of shareholders entitled to cast a majority of the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting is necessary for shareholders
 to call a special meeting. We also require advance notice from shareholders for the nomination of directors or proposals of business
 to be considered at a meeting of shareholders. 

Our
 Board of Directors may authorize and cause us to issue securities without shareholder approval. Under our charter, our Board of Directors
 has the power to classify and reclassify any of our unissued shares of capital stock into shares of capital stock with such preferences,
 rights, powers and restrictions as the Board of Directors may determine. 

Business
 combination provisions that provide that, unless exempted, a Maryland corporation may not engage in certain business combinations,
 including mergers, dispositions of 10 percent or more of its assets, certain issuances of shares of stock and other specified transactions,
 with an interested shareholder or an affiliate of an interested shareholder for five years after the most recent date
 on which the interested shareholder became an interested shareholder, and thereafter unless specified criteria are met. An interested
 shareholder is defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of our shares or an affiliate
 thereof or an affiliate or associate of ours who was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power
 of our then outstanding voting stock at any time within the two-year period immediately prior to the date in question. In our charter,
 we have expressly elected that the Maryland Business Combination Act not govern or apply to any transaction with a related company,
 UMH Properties, Inc. (UMH), a Maryland corporation. 

The
 duties of directors of a Maryland corporation do not require them to, among other things (a) accept, recommend or respond to any
 proposal by a person seeking to acquire control of the corporation, (b) authorize the corporation to redeem any rights under, or
 modify or render inapplicable, any shareholders rights plan, (c) make a determination under the Maryland Business Combination Act
 or the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act to exempt any person or transaction from the requirements of those provisions, or (d)
 act or fail to act solely because of the effect of the act or failure to act may have on an acquisition or potential acquisition
 of control of the corporation or the amount or type of consideration that may be offered or paid to the shareholders in an acquisition. 

We
cannot assure you that we will be able to pay distributions regularly. Our ability to pay distributions in the future is dependent
on our ability to operate profitably and to generate cash from our operations and the operations of our subsidiaries and is subject to
limitations under our financing arrangements and Maryland law. Under the Maryland General Corporation Law, a Maryland corporation generally
may not make a distribution if, after giving effect to the distribution, the corporation would not be able to pay its debts as the debts
became due in the usual course of business, or the corporation s total assets would be less than the sum of its total liabilities
plus, unless the charter permits otherwise, the amount that would be needed if the corporation were to be dissolved at the time of the
distribution to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of stockholders whose preferential rights on dissolution are superior
to those receiving the distribution. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to pay distributions on a regular quarterly
basis in the future. 

Dividends
on our capital stock do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends. Income from qualified dividends 
payable to U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates are generally subject to tax at preferential rates. Dividends payable
by REITs, however, generally are not eligible for the preferential tax rates applicable to qualified dividend income. Although these
rules do not adversely affect our taxation or the dividends payable by us, to the extent that the preferential rates continue to apply
to regular corporate qualified dividends, investors who are individuals, trusts and estates may perceive an investment in us to be relatively
less attractive than an investment in the stock of a non-REIT corporation that pays dividends, which could materially and adversely affect
the value of the shares of, and per share trading price of, our capital stock. It should be noted that the TCJA provides for a deduction
from income for individuals, trusts and estates up to 20 of certain REIT dividends, which reduces the effective tax rate on such dividends
below the effective tax rate on interest, though the deduction is generally not as favorable as the preferential rate on qualified dividends.
The deduction for certain REIT dividends, unlike the favorable rate for qualified dividends, expires for taxable years beginning
after December 31, 2025 . 

18 

 Table of Contents 

General
Risk Factors 

Coverage
under our existing insurance policies may be inadequate to cover losses . Weather conditions and natural disasters such as hurricanes,
tornadoes, earthquakes, floods, droughts, fires and other environmental conditions can harm our business operations. We generally maintain
insurance policies related to our business, including casualty, general liability and other policies, covering our business operations,
employees and assets. However, we would be required to bear all losses that are not adequately covered by insurance. In addition, there
are certain losses that are not generally insured because it is not economically feasible to insure against them, including losses due
to riots or acts of war. If an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits were to occur with respect to one or more of our
properties, then we could lose the capital we invested in the properties, as well as the anticipated future revenue from the properties
and, in the case of debt, which is with recourse to us, we would remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligations
related to the properties. Although we believe that our insurance programs are adequate, we cannot assure you that we will not incur
losses in excess of our insurance coverage, or that we will be able to obtain insurance in the future at acceptable levels and reasonable
costs. 

Future
terrorist attacks and military conflicts could have a material adverse effect on general economic conditions, consumer confidence and
market liquidity. Among other things, it is possible that interest rates may be affected
by these events. An increase in interest rates may increase our costs of borrowing, leading to a reduction in our earnings. Terrorist
acts could also result in significant damages to, or loss of, our properties. We and our tenants may be unable to obtain adequate insurance
coverage on acceptable economic terms for losses resulting from acts of terrorism. Our lenders may require that we carry terrorism insurance
even if we do not believe this insurance is necessary or cost effective. We may also be prohibited under the applicable lease from passing
all or a portion of the cost of such insurance through to the tenant. Should an act of terrorism result in an uninsured loss or a loss
in excess of insured limits, we could lose capital invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenues from a property,
while remaining obligated for any mortgage indebtedness or other financial obligations related to the property. Any loss of these types
could adversely affect our financial condition. 

Disruptions
in the financial markets could affect our ability to obtain financing on reasonable terms and have other adverse effects on us and the
market price of our capital stock. Over the last several years, the United States stock and credit markets have experienced significant
price volatility, dislocations and liquidity disruptions, which have caused market prices of many stocks and debt securities to fluctuate
substantially and the spreads on prospective debt financing to widen considerably. Continued uncertainty in the stock and credit markets
may negatively impact our ability to access additional financing at reasonable terms, which may negatively affect our ability to acquire
properties and otherwise pursue our investment strategy. A prolonged downturn in the stock or credit markets may cause us to seek alternative
sources of potentially less attractive financing, and may require us to adjust our investment strategy accordingly. These types of events
in the stock and credit markets may make it more difficult or costly for us to raise capital through the issuance of the common stock,
preferred stock or debt securities. The potential disruptions in the financial markets may have a material adverse effect on the market
value of the common stock and preferred stock and the return we receive on our properties and investments, as well as other unknown adverse
effects on us or the economy in general. 

We
are subject to risks arising from litigation. We may become involved in litigation.
Litigation can be costly, and the results of litigation are often difficult to predict. We may not have adequate insurance coverage or
contractual protection to cover costs and liability in the event we are sued, and to the extent we resort to litigation to enforce our
rights, we may incur significant costs and ultimately be unsuccessful or unable to recover amounts we believe are owed to us. We may
have little or no control of the timing of litigation, which presents challenges to our strategic planning. 

We
are subject to risks relating to cybersecurity. An information security or operational technology incident, including a cybersecurity
breach, could have a material adverse impact on our business or reputation. As part of our regular review of potential risks, we have
an Information Technology IT Manager who works with our IT service providers to identify and mitigate any such risks.
We have established a Cybersecurity Subcommittee of our Board s Audit Committee to review and provide high level guidance on cybersecurity
related issues of importance to the Company. We purchase cyber liability insurance in amounts deemed reasonable by our insurance advisors. 

We
face various risks and uncertainties related to public health crises, including the recent and ongoing global outbreak of the novel coronavirus
(COVID-19). The COVID-19 Pandemic and its impacts are uncertain and hard to measure, but may have a material adverse effect on us. We
face various risks and uncertainties related to public health crises, including ongoing global COVID-19 Pandemic, which has disrupted
financial markets and significantly impacted worldwide economic activity to date and is likely to continue to do so. The future effects
of the evolving impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic as well as mandatory and voluntary actions taken to mitigate the public health impact
of the Pandemic may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. The COVID-19 Pandemic and social and governmental responses
to the Pandemic have caused, and are likely to continue to cause, severe economic, market and other disruptions worldwide. Although the
COVID-19 Pandemic and related societal and government responses have not, to date, had a material impact on our business or financial
results, the extent to which COVID-19 and related actions may, in the future, impact our operations cannot be predicted with any degree
of confidence. As a result, we cannot at this time predict the impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic, but it could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 

ITEM
1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

19 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
2 - PROPERTIES 

We
operate as a REIT. Our portfolio is primarily comprised of real estate holdings, some of which have been long-term holdings carried on
our financial statements at depreciated cost. We believe that their current market values exceed both the original cost and the depreciated
cost. The following table sets forth certain information concerning our real estate investments as of September 30, 2021: 

Mortgage 

Balance 
 
 State 
 City (MSA, if applicable) (Tenant) 
 Fiscal Year Acquisition 
 Type 
 Square Footage 
 9/30/2021 in thousands 
 
 AL 
 Huntsville (FDX Ground) 
 2005 
 Industrial 
 88,890 
 -0- 
 
 AL 
 Mobile (Amazon) 
 2018 
 Industrial 
 362,942 
 15,609 
 
 AZ 
 Tolleson (Phoenix) (Coca-Cola) 
 2003 
 Industrial 
 288,045 
 1,103 
 
 CO 
 Colorado Springs (FDX Ground) 
 2016 
 Industrial 
 225,362 
 13,469 
 
 CO 
 Denver (FDX Ground) 
 2005 
 Industrial 
 69,865 
 -0- 
 
 CT 
 Newington (Hartford) (Hartford HealthCare) 
 2001 
 Industrial 
 54,812 
 -0- 
 
 FL 
 Cocoa (FDX Ground) 
 2008 
 Industrial 
 144,138 
 -0- 
 
 FL 
 Davenport (Orlando) (FDX Ground) 
 2016 
 Industrial 
 310,922 
 19,243 
 
 FL 
 Daytona Beach (B. Braun) 
 2018 
 Industrial 
 399,440 
 16,170 
 
 FL 
 Ft. Myers (FDX Ground) 
 2017 
 Industrial 
 213,672 
 10,873 
 
 FL 
 Homestead (Miami) (FDX Ground) 
 2017 
 Industrial 
 237,756 
 19,193 
 
 FL 
 Jacksonville (FDX) 
 1999 
 Industrial 
 95,883 
 -0- 
 
 FL 
 Jacksonville (FDX Ground) 
 2015 
 Industrial 
 304,859 
 12,587 
 
 FL 
 Lakeland (FDX) 
 2007 
 Industrial 
 32,105 
 -0- 
 
 FL 
 Orlando (FDX) 
 2008 
 Industrial 
 110,621 
 -0- 
 
 FL 
 Punta Gorda (FDX) 
 2007 
 Industrial 
 34,624 
 -0- 
 
 FL 
 Tampa (FDX Ground) 
 2004 
 Industrial 
 174,975 
 -0- 
 
 FL 
 Tampa (FDX) 
 2006 
 Industrial 
 95,662 
 -0- 
 
 FL 
 Tampa (Tampa Bay Grand Prix) 
 2005 
 Industrial 
 68,385 
 -0- 
 
 GA 
 Augusta (FDX Ground) 
 2005 
 Industrial 
 59,358 
 -0- 
 
 GA 
 Augusta (FDX) 
 2007 
 Industrial 
 30,184 
 -0- 
 
 GA 
 Braselton (Atlanta) (FDX Ground) 
 2018 
 Industrial 
 373,750 
 33,730 
 
 GA 
 Griffin (Atlanta) (Rinnai) 
 2006 
 Industrial 
 218,120 
 -0- 
 
 GA 
 Locust Grove (Atlanta) (Home Depot) 
 2021 
 Industrial 
 657,518 
 55,307 
 
 GA 
 Savannah (Shaw) 
 2018 
 Industrial 
 831,764 
 26,273 
 
 GA 
 Savannah (FDX Ground) 
 2019 
 Industrial 
 126,520 
 15,091 
 
 IA 
 Urbandale (Des Moines) (Foundation Building Materials) 
 1994 
 Industrial 
 36,270 
 -0- 
 
 IL 
 Burr Ridge (Chicago) (Sherwin-Williams) 
 1998 
 Industrial 
 12,500 
 -0- 
 
 IL 
 Elgin (Chicago) (Joseph T. Ryerson and Son) 
 2002 
 Industrial 
 89,123 
 -0- 
 
 IL 
 Granite City (St. Louis, MO) (Anheuser-Busch) 
 2002 
 Industrial 
 184,800 
 -0- 
 
 IL 
 Montgomery (Chicago) (Home Depot) 
 2005 
 Industrial 
 171,230 
 -0- 
 
 IL 
 Rockford (Raytheon Technologies Corporation) 
 2015 
 Industrial 
 38,833 
 -0- 
 
 IL 
 Rockford (Sherwin-Williams) 
 2011 
 Industrial 
 66,387 
 -0- 
 
 IL 
 Sauget (St. Louis, MO) (FDX Ground) 
 2015 
 Industrial 
 198,729 
 6,659 
 
 IL 
 Schaumburg (Chicago) (FDX) 
 1997 
 Industrial 
 73,500 
 -0- 
 
 IL 
 Wheeling (Chicago) (FDX Ground) 
 2003 
 Industrial 
 123,000 
 -0- 
 
 IN 
 Greenwood (Indianapolis) (ULTA) 
 2015 
 Industrial 
 671,354 
 15,855 
 
 IN 
 Indianapolis (FDX Ground) 
 2014 
 Industrial 
 327,822 
 7,366 
 
 IN 
 Greenwood (Indianapolis) (Amazon) 
 2020 
 Industrial 
 615,747 
 48,802 
 
 IN 
 Lafayette (Toyota) 
 2019 
 Industrial 
 350,418 
 15,234 
 
 KS 
 Edwardsville (Kansas City) (Carlstar Group) 
 2003 
 Industrial 
 179,280 
 -0- 
 
 KS 
 Edwardsville (Kansas City) (International Paper) 
 2014 
 Industrial 
 280,019 
 6,804 
 
 KS 
 Olathe (Kansas City) (FDX Ground) 
 2016 
 Industrial 
 313,763 
 16,217 
 
 KS 
 Topeka (Coca-Cola) 
 2009 
 Industrial 
 40,000 
 -0- 
 
 KY 
 Buckner (Louisville) (Treehouse) 
 2014 
 Industrial 
 558,509 
 12,993 
 
 KY 
 Frankfort (Lexington) (Jim Beam) 
 2015 
 Industrial 
 599,840 
 13,483 
 
 KY 
 Louisville (Snap-on) 
 2016 
 Industrial 
 137,500 
 5,267 
 
 LA 
 Covington (New Orleans) (FDX Ground) 
 2016 
 Industrial 
 175,315 
 8,917 
 
 MD 
 Beltsville (Washington, DC) (FDX Ground) 
 2001 
 Industrial 
 148,881 
 -0- 
 
 MI 
 Livonia (Detroit) (FDX Ground) 
 2013 
 Industrial 
 172,668 
 4,267 
 
 MI 
 Orion (FDX Ground) 
 2007 
 Industrial 
 245,633 
 -0- 
 
 MI 
 Romulus (Detroit) (FDX) 
 1998 
 Industrial 
 71,933 
 -0- 
 
 MI 
 Walker (Grand Rapids) (FDX Ground) 
 2017 
 Industrial 
 343,483 
 16,027 
 
 MN 
 Stewartville (Rochester) (FDX Ground) (1) 
 2013 
 Industrial 
 60,370 
 1,292 
 
 MO 
 Kansas City (Bunzl) 
 2015 
 Industrial 
 158,417 
 -0- 
 
 MO 
 Liberty (Kansas City) (Dakota Bodies) 
 1998 
 Industrial 
 96,687 
 -0- 
 
 MO 
 O Fallon (St. Louis) (Pittsburgh Glass Works) 
 1995 
 Industrial 
 102,135 
 -0- 
 
 MO 
 St. Joseph (Woodstream/Altec) 
 2001 
 Industrial 
 382,880 
 -0- 
 
 MS 
 Olive Branch (Memphis, TN) (Anda) 
 2012 
 Industrial 
 234,660 
 5,558 
 
 MS 
 Olive Branch (Memphis, TN) (Milwaukee Tool) 
 2013 
 Industrial 
 861,889 
 16,095 

20 

 Table of Contents 

Mortgage Balance 
 
 State 
 City (MSA) 
 Fiscal
 Year Acquisition 
 Type 
 Square
 Footage 
 9/30/2021 (in
 thousands) 
 
 MS 
 Richland (Jackson) (FDX) 
 1994 
 Industrial 
 36,000 
 -0- 
 
 MS 
 Ridgeland (Jackson) (Graybar) 
 1993 
 Industrial 
 26,340 
 -0- 
 
 NC 
 Concord (Charlotte) (FDX Ground) 
 2016 
 Industrial 
 330,717 
 14,197 
 
 NC 
 Concord (Charlotte) (FDX Ground II) 
 2017 
 Industrial 
 354,482 
 20,587 
 
 NC 
 Fayetteville (Victory Packaging) 
 1997 
 Industrial 
 148,000 
 -0- 
 
 NC 
 Whitsett (Greensboro) (FDX Ground) 
 2020 
 Industrial 
 286,281 
 28,277 
 
 NC 
 Winston-Salem (Style Crest) 
 2002 
 Industrial 
 106,507 
 -0- 
 
 NE 
 Omaha (FDX) 
 1999 
 Industrial 
 89,115 
 -0- 
 
 NJ 
 Somerset (Various Tenants) (2) 
 1970 
 Shopping Center 
 64,220 
 -0- 
 
 NJ 
 Trenton (FDX Ground) 
 2019 
 Industrial 
 347,145 
 47,039 
 
 NY 
 Cheektowaga (Buffalo) (Sonwil) 
 2007 
 Industrial 
 104,981 
 -0- 
 
 NY 
 Halfmoon (Albany) (UPS) 
 2012 
 Industrial 
 75,000 
 -0- 
 
 NY 
 Hamburg (Buffalo) (FDX Ground) 
 2017 
 Industrial 
 338,584 
 17,411 
 
 OH 
 Bedford Heights (Cleveland) (FDX) 
 2007 
 Industrial 
 82,269 
 -0- 
 
 OH 
 Cincinnati (Keurig Dr Pepper) 
 2015 
 Industrial 
 63,840 
 -0- 
 
 OH 
 Lancaster (Columbus) (Magna) 
 2020 
 Industrial 
 152,995 
 8,311 
 
 OH 
 Kenton (International Paper) 
 2017 
 Industrial 
 298,472 
 9,592 
 
 OH 
 Lebanon (Cincinnati) (Siemens Real Estate) 
 2012 
 Industrial 
 51,130 
 -0- 
 
 OH 
 Monroe (Cincinnati) (UGN) 
 2015 
 Industrial 
 387,000 
 11,453 
 
 OH 
 Plain City (Columbus) (FDX Ground) 
 2021 
 Industrial 
 500,268 
 45,322 
 
 OH 
 Richfield (Cleveland) (FDX Ground) 
 2006 
 Industrial 
 131,152 
 -0- 
 
 OH 
 Stow (Cooper Tire) 
 2017 
 Industrial 
 219,765 
 10,106 
 
 OH 
 Streetsboro (Cleveland) (Best Buy) 
 2012 
 Industrial 
 368,060 
 7,332 
 
 OH 
 West Chester Twp. (Cincinnati) (FDX Ground) 
 2000 
 Industrial 
 103,818 
 -0- 
 
 OK 
 Oklahoma City (Amazon) 
 2018 
 Industrial 
 300,000 
 16,501 
 
 OK 
 Oklahoma City (Amazon II) 
 2020 
 Industrial 
 120,780 
 9,272 
 
 OK 
 Oklahoma City (Bunzl) 
 2017 
 Industrial 
 110,361 
 4,243 
 
 OK 
 Oklahoma City (FDX Ground) 
 2012 
 Industrial 
 158,340 
 1,767 
 
 OK 
 Tulsa (Keurig Dr Pepper) 
 2014 
 Industrial 
 46,240 
 1,267 
 
 PA 
 Altoona (FDX Ground) (1) 
 2014 
 Industrial 
 122,522 
 1,987 
 
 PA 
 Imperial (Pittsburgh) (GE) 
 2016 
 Industrial 
 125,860 
 8,734 
 
 PA 
 Monaca (Pittsburgh) (NF M) 
 1973 
 Industrial 
 255,658 
 -0- 
 
 SC 
 Aiken (Augusta, GA) (Autoneum) 
 2017 
 Industrial 
 315,560 
 12,003 
 
 SC 
 Charleston (FDX) 
 2018 
 Industrial 
 121,683 
 11,444 
 
 SC 
 Charleston (FDX Ground) 
 2018 
 Industrial 
 265,318 
 25,171 
 
 SC 
 Ft. Mill (Charlotte, NC) (FDX Ground) 
 2010 
 Industrial 
 176,939 
 -0- 
 
 SC 
 Hanahan (Charleston) (SAIC) 
 2005 
 Industrial 
 302,400 
 -0- 
 
 SC 
 Hanahan (Charleston) (Amazon) 
 2005 
 Industrial 
 91,776 
 -0- 
 
 TN 
 Chattanooga (FDX) 
 2007 
 Industrial 
 60,637 
 -0- 
 
 TN 
 Kodak (Knoxville) (FDX Ground) 
 2021 
 Industrial 
 259,053 
 -0- 
 
 TN 
 Lebanon (Nashville) (Cracker Barrel) 
 2011 
 Industrial 
 381,240 
 -0- 
 
 TN 
 Memphis (FDX Trade Networks) 
 2010 
 Industrial 
 449,900 
 2,364 
 
 TN 
 Shelby County (Land) 
 2007 
 Land 
 N/A 
 -0- 
 
 TX 
 Carrollton (Dallas) (Carrier Global Corporation) 
 2010 
 Industrial 
 184,317 
 3,781 
 
 TX 
 Corpus Christi (FDX Ground) 
 2012 
 Industrial 
 46,253 
 -0- 
 
 TX 
 Edinburg (FDX Ground) 
 2011 
 Industrial 
 164,207 
 -0- 
 
 TX 
 El Paso (FDX Ground) 
 2007 
 Industrial 
 144,199 
 -0- 
 
 TX 
 Ft. Worth (Dallas) (FDX Ground) 
 2015 
 Industrial 
 312,923 
 16,364 
 
 TX 
 Houston (National Oilwell) 
 2010 
 Industrial 
 91,295 
 -0- 
 
 TX 
 Lindale (Tyler) (FDX Ground) 
 2015 
 Industrial 
 163,383 
 4,393 
 
 TX 
 Mesquite (Dallas) (FDX Ground) 
 2017 
 Industrial 
 351,874 
 25,461 
 
 TX 
 Spring (Houston) (FDX Ground) 
 2014 
 Industrial 
 181,176 
 5,931 
 
 TX 
 Waco (FDX Ground) 
 2012 
 Industrial 
 150,710 
 3,280 
 
 UT 
 Ogden (Salt Lake City) (FDX) 
 2020 
 Industrial 
 69,734 
 7,805 
 
 VA 
 Charlottesville (FDX) 
 1999 
 Industrial 
 48,064 
 -0- 
 
 VA 
 Mechanicsville (Richmond) (FDX) 
 2001 
 Industrial 
 112,799 
 -0- 
 
 VA 
 Richmond (Locke Supply) 
 2004 
 Industrial 
 60,000 
 -0- 
 
 VA 
 Roanoke (CHEP USA) 
 2007 
 Industrial 
 83,000 
 -0- 
 
 VA 
 Roanoke (FDX Ground) 
 2013 
 Industrial 
 103,580 
 2,866 
 
 VT 
 Burlington (FDX Ground) 
 2021 
 Industrial 
 143,972 
 -0- 
 
 WA 
 Burlington (Seattle/Everett) (FDX Ground) 
 2016 
 Industrial 
 210,445 
 14,264 
 
 WI 
 Cudahy (Milwaukee) (FDX Ground) 
 2001 
 Industrial 
 139,564 
 -0- 
 
 WI 
 Green Bay (FDX Ground)
 (1) 
 2014 
 Industrial 
 99,102 
 1,613 

24,924,752 
 839,622 

(1) 
 One loan is secured by the properties located in Green
 Bay, WI, Stewartville, MN and Altoona, PA. 

(2) 
 We own a 67 controlling
 equity interest. 

21 

 Table of Contents 

The
following table sets forth certain information concerning the principal tenants and leases for our properties shown above as of September
30, 2021: 

State 
 City (MSA) 
 Tenant 
 Annualized
 Rent (in
 thousands) 
 Lease
 Expiration 

AL 
 Huntsville 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 605 
 07/31/26 

AL 
 Mobile 
 Amazon.com Services, Inc. (Amazon.com,
 Inc.) 
 2,065 
 11/30/28 

AZ 
 Tolleson (Phoenix) 
 Western Container Corp. (Coca-Cola) 
 1,409 
 04/30/27 

CO 
 Colorado Springs 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 1,832 
 01/31/26 

CO 
 Denver 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 609 
 10/31/25 

CT 
 Newington (Hartford) 
 Hartford HealthCare Corporation 
 307 
 04/30/31 

FL 
 Cocoa 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 1,112 
 09/30/24 

FL 
 Davenport (Orlando) 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 2,625 
 04/30/31 

FL 
 Daytona Beach 
 B. Braun Medical Inc. 
 2,330 
 02/28/33 

FL 
 Ft. Myers 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 1,418 
 08/31/27 

FL 
 Homestead (Miami) 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 2,282 
 03/31/32 

FL 
 Jacksonville 
 FedEx Corporation 
 536 
 05/31/29 

FL 
 Jacksonville 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 1,998 
 12/31/29 

FL 
 Lakeland 
 FedEx Corporation 
 155 
 11/30/27 

FL 
 Orlando 
 FedEx Corporation 
 666 
 11/30/27 

FL 
 Punta Gorda 
 FedEx Corporation 
 284 
 06/30/27 

FL 
 Tampa 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 1,624 
 07/31/26 

FL 
 Tampa 
 FedEx Corporation 
 603 
 11/30/27 

FL 
 Tampa 
 Tampa Bay Grand Prix 
 369 
 09/30/27 

GA 
 Augusta 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 513 
 06/30/23 
 (1) 
 
 GA 
 Augusta 
 FedEx Corporation 
 121 
 11/30/22 

GA 
 Braselton (Atlanta) 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 3,801 
 02/28/33 

GA 
 Griffin (Atlanta) 
 Rinnai America Corporation 
 913 
 12/31/22 
 (1) 
 
 GA 
 Locust Grove (Atlanta) 
 Home Depot U.S.A., Inc. 
 5,458 
 11/30/40 

GA 
 Savannah 
 Shaw Industries, Inc. 
 3,563 
 09/30/27 

GA 
 Savannah 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 1,765 
 10/31/28 

IA 
 Urbandale (Des Moines) 
 Foundation Building Materials, LLC 
 179 
 12/31/27 
 (2) 
 
 IL 
 Burr Ridge (Chicago) 
 Sherwin-Williams Company 
 162 
 10/31/26 
 (1) 
 
 IL 
 Elgin (Chicago) 
 Joseph T. Ryerson and Son, Inc. 
 519 
 01/31/25 

IL 
 Granite City (St. Louis, MO) 
 Anheuser-Busch, Inc. 
 954 
 03/31/22 
 (3) 
 
 IL 
 Montgomery (Chicago) 
 Home Depot U.S.A., Inc. 
 1,079 
 12/31/22 

IL 
 Rockford 
 Collins Aerospace Systems (Raytheon Technologies
 Corp) 
 368 
 06/30/27 
 (4) 
 
 IL 
 Rockford 
 Sherwin-Williams Company 
 486 
 12/31/23 

IL 
 Sauget (St. Louis, MO) 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 1,036 
 05/31/29 

IL 
 Schaumburg (Chicago) 
 FedEx Corporation 
 478 
 03/31/27 

IL 
 Wheeling (Chicago) 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 1,272 
 05/31/27 

IN 
 Greenwood (Indianapolis) 
 ULTA, Inc. 
 2,782 
 07/31/25 

IN 
 Indianapolis 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 1,717 
 10/31/27 

IN 
 Greenwood (Indianapolis) 
 Amazon.com.indc, LLC (Amazon.com, Inc.) 
 4,991 
 08/31/34 

IN 
 Lafayette 
 Toyota Tsusho America, Inc. 
 1,722 
 06/30/29 

KS 
 Edwardsville (Kansas City) 
 Carlstar Group, LLC 
 771 
 07/31/23 

KS 
 Edwardsville (Kansas City) 
 International Paper Company 
 1,382 
 08/31/23 

KS 
 Olathe (Kansas City) 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 2,553 
 05/31/31 

KS 
 Topeka 
 Heartland Coca-Cola Bottling Co., LLC (Coca-Cola) 
 292 
 09/30/26 
 (1) 
 
 KY 
 Buckner (Louisville) 
 TreeHouse Private Brands, Inc. 
 2,267 
 10/31/33 

KY 
 Frankfort (Lexington) 
 Jim Beam Brands Company (Beam Suntory) 
 2,112 
 01/31/25 

KY 
 Louisville 
 Challenger Lifts, Inc. (Snap-on Inc.) 
 858 
 06/07/26 

LA 
 Covington (New Orleans) 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 1,274 
 06/30/25 

MD 
 Beltsville (Washington, DC) 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 1,455 
 07/31/28 

MI 
 Livonia (Detroit) 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 1,194 
 03/31/22 

MI 
 Orion 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 1,908 
 06/30/23 

MI 
 Romulus (Detroit) 
 FedEx Corporation 
 421 
 05/31/26 
 (1) 
 
 MI 
 Walker (Grand Rapids) 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 2,106 
 01/31/32 

MN 
 Stewartville (Rochester) 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 372 
 05/31/23 

MO 
 Kansas City 
 Bunzl Distribution Midcentral, Inc. 
 714 
 09/30/26 
 (1) 
 
 MO 
 Liberty (Kansas City) 
 Dakota Bodies, LLC 
 416 
 04/30/26 

MO 
 O Fallon (St. Louis) 
 Pittsburgh Glass Works, LLC, a Division of
 VITRO 
 508 
 06/30/26 
 (1)(5) 
 
 MO 
 St. Joseph 
 Woodstream Corporation 
 987 
 09/30/26 
 (1)(6) 
 
 MO 
 St. Joseph 
 Altec Industries, Inc. 
 378 
 02/28/23 
 (6) 
 
 MS 
 Olive Branch (Memphis, TN) 
 Anda Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 1,220 
 07/31/22 

MS 
 Olive Branch (Memphis, TN) 
 Milwaukee Electric Tool Corporation 
 3,098 
 07/31/28 

MS 
 Richland (Jackson) 
 FedEx Corporation 
 120 
 03/31/24 

MS 
 Ridgeland (Jackson) 
 Graybar Electric Company 
 122 
 07/31/25 

NC 
 Concord (Charlotte) 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 2,237 
 07/31/25 

NC 
 Concord (Charlotte) 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 2,537 
 05/31/32 

NC 
 Fayetteville 
 Victory Packaging, L.P. 
 504 
 02/28/25 
 (1) 
 
 NC 
 Whitsett (Greensboro) 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 3,002 
 04/30/35 

NC 
 Winston-Salem 
 Style Crest, Inc. 
 433 
 03/31/26 
 (1) 
 
 NE 
 Omaha 
 FedEx Corporation 
 446 
 10/31/23 

NJ 
 Somerset 
 Various Tenants at Retail Shopping Center 
 616 
 Various 
 (7) 

22 

 Table of Contents 

State 
 City (MSA) 
 Tenant 
 Annualized
 Rent (in
 thousands) 
 Lease
 Expiration 

NJ 
 Trenton 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 5,328 
 06/30/32 

NY 
 Cheektowaga (Buffalo) 
 Sonwil Distribution Center, Inc. 
 630 
 01/31/22 
 (8) 
 
 NY 
 Halfmoon (Albany) 
 United Parcel Service, Inc. 
 595 
 03/31/31 
 (9) 
 
 NY 
 Hamburg (Buffalo) 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 2,329 
 03/31/31 

OH 
 Bedford Heights (Cleveland) 
 FedEx Corporation 
 438 
 08/31/28 

OH 
 Cincinnati 
 The American Bottling Company (Keurig Dr Pepper) 
 488 
 09/30/29 

OH 
 Lancaster (Columbus) 
 Magna Seating of America, Inc. 
 1,201 
 01/31/30 

OH 
 Kenton 
 International Paper Company 
 1,281 
 08/31/27 

OH 
 Lebanon (Cincinnati) 
 Siemens Real Estate 
 464 
 04/30/24 

OH 
 Monroe (Cincinnati) 
 UGN, Inc. 
 2,107 
 02/28/34 

OH 
 Plain City (Columbus) 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 4,569 
 09/30/35 

OH 
 Richfield (Cleveland) 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 1,493 
 09/30/24 

OH 
 Stow 
 Mickey Thompson (Cooper Tire) 
 1,537 
 08/31/27 

OH 
 Streetsboro (Cleveland) 
 Best Buy Warehousing Logistics, Inc. 
 1,725 
 01/31/22 

OH 
 West Chester Twp. (Cincinnati) 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 560 
 08/31/23 

OK 
 Oklahoma City 
 Amazon.com Services, Inc. (Amazon.com, Inc.) 
 1,948 
 10/31/27 

OK 
 Oklahoma City 
 Amazon.com Services, LLC (Amazon.com, Inc.) 
 935 
 08/31/30 

OK 
 Oklahoma City 
 Bunzl Distribution Oklahoma, Inc. 
 743 
 08/31/24 

OK 
 Oklahoma City 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 1,048 
 07/31/25 

OK 
 Tulsa 
 The American Bottling Company (Keurig Dr Pepper) 
 269 
 02/28/24 

PA 
 Altoona 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 651 
 08/31/23 

PA 
 Imperial (Pittsburgh) 
 General Electric Company 
 1,329 
 12/31/30 

PA 
 Monaca (Pittsburgh) 
 NF M International, Inc. 
 795 
 03/31/25 

SC 
 Aiken (Augusta, GA) 
 Autoneum North America, Inc. 
 1,746 
 04/30/32 

SC 
 Charleston 
 FedEx Corporation 
 1,314 
 08/31/32 

SC 
 Charleston 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 2,713 
 06/30/33 

SC 
 Ft. Mill (Charlotte, NC) 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 1,598 
 08/31/28 

SC 
 Hanahan (Charleston) 
 Science Applications International Corporation 
 1,708 
 10/31/23 

SC 
 Hanahan (Charleston) 
 Amazon Services, Inc. (Amazon.com, Inc.) 
 803 
 06/30/29 

TN 
 Chattanooga 
 FedEx Corporation 
 319 
 10/31/22 

TN 
 Kodak (Knoxville) 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 1,979 
 05/31/36 

TN 
 Lebanon (Nashville) 
 CBOCS Distribution, Inc. (Cracker Barrel) 
 1,490 
 06/30/24 

TN 
 Memphis 
 FedEx Trade Networks 
 1,394 
 05/31/29 

TN 
 Shelby County 
 N/A- Land 
 -0- 
 N/A 

TX 
 Carrollton (Dallas) 
 Carrier Enterprise, LLC (Carrier Global Corporation) 
 1,160 
 01/31/24 

TX 
 Corpus Christi 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 454 
 08/31/26 
 (1) 
 
 TX 
 Edinburg 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 1,097 
 09/30/26 

TX 
 El Paso 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 1,345 
 09/30/23 

TX 
 Ft. Worth (Dallas) 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 2,394 
 04/30/30 

TX 
 Houston 
 National Oilwell Varco, Inc. 
 801 
 09/30/29 
 (1) 
 
 TX 
 Lindale (Tyler) 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 725 
 06/30/24 

TX 
 Mesquite (Dallas) 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 3,209 
 03/31/32 

TX 
 Spring (Houston) 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 1,581 
 09/30/24 

TX 
 Waco 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 1,078 
 08/31/25 

UT 
 Ogden (Salt Lake City) 
 FedEx Corporation 
 772 
 03/31/35 

VA 
 Charlottesville 
 FedEx Corporation 
 329 
 08/31/27 

VA 
 Mechanicsville (Richmond) 
 FedEx Corporation 
 541 
 04/30/23 

VA 
 Richmond 
 Locke Supply Co. 
 340 
 04/30/32 

VA 
 Roanoke 
 CHEP USA, Inc. 
 509 
 02/28/25 

VA 
 Roanoke 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 755 
 04/30/23 

VT 
 Burlington 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 3,233 
 05/31/36 

WA 
 Burlington (Seattle/Everett) 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 1,962 
 08/31/30 

WI 
 Cudahy (Milwaukee) 
 FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. 
 827 
 06/30/27 

WI 
 Green Bay 
 FedEx Ground Package
 System, Inc. 
 468 
 05/31/23 

164,118 

(1) 
 Renewal
 or extension has been executed. See fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2022 renewal and extension chart. 

(2) 
 The
 lease has a one-time early termination option which may be exercised on 12/31/25, on the condition that we are provided with six
 months notice and the tenant pays us a 95,000 termination fee. 

(3) 
 Lease
 was set to expire 11/30/21 and was renewed for four months through 3/31/22 at 150 of the prior rental rate. 

(4) 
 The
 lease has an early termination option which may be exercised after 6/30/22, on the condition that we are provided with six months 
 notice and the tenant pays us a 1.1 million termination fee. 

(5) 
 The
 lease has an early termination option which may be exercised after 6/30/24, on the condition that we are provided with six months 
 notice and the tenant pays us a 262,000 termination fee. 

(6) 
 Property
 is leased to two tenants. 

(7) 
 We
 own a 67 controlling equity interest. Estimated annual rent reflects our proportionate share of the total rent. 

(8) 
 Not
 reflected in the table above. The current tenant is not renewing its lease. We entered into a seven year lease agreement effective
 2/1/22 with United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS) for this space. The lease with UPS provides for initial annual rent of 683,000 with
 2.0 annual increases thereafter, resulting in a U.S. GAAP straight-line annualized rent of 725,000 over the life of the lease.
 This results in an increase in the average lease rate of 15.1 on a U.S. GAAP straight-line basis and an increase of 8.3 on a cash
 basis. 

(9) 
 Effective
 10/1/20, we entered into a lease termination agreement with RGH Enterprises, Inc. (Cardinal Health) for this 75,000 square foot facility,
 whereby we received a termination fee in the amount of 377,000 representing approximately 50 of the then remaining rent due under
 the lease. We simultaneously entered into 10.4 year lease agreement with UPS which became effective 11/1/20. The new lease agreement
 provided for five months of free rent, after which, initial annual rent was 510,000, with 2.0 annual increases thereafter, resulting
 in a straight-line annualized rent of 541,000 over the life of the lease which matures 3/31/31. 

23 

 Table of Contents 

As
of September 30, 2021, all but one of our industrial properties were 100 occupied, resulting in a 99.7 overall occupancy rate. 

Our
weighted average lease expiration was 7.0 years and 7.1 years as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Our weighted average lease
expiration has been 7.0 years or greater for over seven consecutive years. 

Our
overall occupancy rates as of the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018 and 2017 were 99.7 , 99.4 , 98.9 , 99.6 and 99.3 ,
respectively. The weighted average effective annualized rent per square foot for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018
and 2017 was 6.61, 6.36, 6.20, 6.01 and 5.93, respectively. Our overall occupancy rate has been 98.9 or above for over six consecutive
years. 

Completed
expansions have resulted in increased rents over the fiscal years ended September 30, 2020 and 2021 

Ecommerce
has been a major catalyst driving increased demand for the industrial property type. The shift from traditional brick and mortar retail
shopping to ordering goods on-line has resulted in record occupancy rates for industrial real estate throughout the U.S. Due to this
increased demand, we have been experiencing an increase in expansion activity at our existing properties. 

During
fiscal 2021, we completed the first phase of a two-phase parking expansion project for FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. at our property
located in Olathe (Kansas City), KS. The first phase of this parking expansion project was completed for a total cost of 3.4 million,
resulting in an initial increase in annual rent effective November 5, 2020 of approximately 340,000 from approximately 2.1 million,
or 6.83 per square foot, to approximately 2.5 million, or 7.91 per square foot. Furthermore, annual rent increased by 2.1 on June
1, 2021 and will continue to increase 2.1 every five years, resulting in an annualized rent from November 5, 2021 through the remaining
term of the lease of approximately 2.6 million, or 8.15 per square foot. We recently began construction on the second phase of this
parking expansion project at this location, which upon completion will further increase the rental rate and extend the lease term. 

In
addition, effective June 4, 2021, we completed a parking lot expansion for UPS at our property located in Halfmoon (Albany), NY for a
cost of approximately 835,000, resulting in an initial increase in annual rent effective on the date of completion of approximately
 52,000 from approximately 510,000, or 6.80 per square foot, to approximately 562,000, or 7.50 per square foot. Furthermore, annual
rent will continue to increase each year by 2.0 resulting in an annualized rent from June 4, 2021 through the remaining term of the
lease of approximately 622,000, or 8.29 per square foot. 

We
have several FedEx Ground parking expansion projects in progress with more under discussion. Currently there are nine parking expansion
projects underway, which we expect to cost approximately 42.6 million. These parking expansion projects will enable us to capture additional
rent while lengthening the terms of these leases. We are also in discussions to expand the parking at eight additional locations bringing
the total recently completed and likely future parking lot expansion projects to 18 currently. 

Due
to the proliferation of ecommerce sales and last mile deliveries, it is important to take into account the large amounts of real estate
utilized for trailer, van, and car parking at many of our properties in determining how our in-place rental rates compare to market rental
rates for properties being used in a similar manner. Rents per square foot on properties that may be nearby, but have only limited acreage
devoted to parking, are poor comparisons as they cannot accommodate the same tenant needs. 

Fiscal
2021 Renewals 

In
fiscal 2021, approximately 5 of our gross leasable area, representing ten leases totaling 1.2 million square feet, was set to expire.
All ten of these leases have been renewed, resulting in a 100 retention rate for a weighted average term of 4.2 years, at a rental rate
increase of 6.2 on a U.S. GAAP basis and an increase of 0.4 on a cash basis. 

24 

 Table of Contents 

We
have incurred or we expect to incur leasing commission costs of 621,000 in connection with six of these lease renewals and we have incurred
or we expect to incur tenant improvement costs of 756,000 in connection with five of these lease renewals. The table below summarizes
the terms of the leases that were renewed. In addition, the table below includes both the tenant improvement costs and the leasing commission
costs, which are presented on a per square foot (PSF) basis averaged annually over the renewal terms. 

Property 
 Tenant 
 Square Feet 
 Former U.S. GAAP Straight- Line Rent PSF 
 Former Cash Rent PSF 
 Former Lease Expiration 
 Renewal U.S GAAP Straight- Line Rent PSF 
 Renewal Initial Cash Rent PSF 
 Renewal Lease Expiration 
 Renewal Term (years) 
 Tenant Improvement Cost PSF over Renewal Term (1) 
 Leasing Commission Cost PSF over Renewal Term (1) 

Griffin (Atlanta), GA 
 Rinnai America Corporation 
 218,120 
 3.81 
 3.93 
 12/31/20 
 4.22 
 4.22 
 12/31/22 
 2.0 
 -0- 
 0.13 
 
 Fayetteville, NC 
 Victory Packaging, L.P. 
 148,000 
 3.33 
 3.50 
 2/28/21 
 3.40 
 3.25 
 2/28/25 
 4.0 
 -0- 
 0.20 
 
 Winston-Salem, NC 
 Style Crest, Inc. 
 106,507 
 3.39 
 3.77 
 3/31/21 
 4.10 
 3.90 
 3/31/26 
 5.0 
 0.30 
 -0- 
 
 Romulus, MI 
 FedEx Corporation 
 71,933 
 5.15 
 5.15 
 5/31/21 
 5.95 
 5.95 
 5/31/26 
 5.0 
 0.56 
 0.12 
 
 Augusta, GA 
 FedEx Ground 
 59,358 
 8.64 
 8.64 
 6/30/21 
 8.64 
 8.64 
 6/30/23 
 2.0 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 O Fallon, MO 
 Pittsburgh Glass Works, LLC 
 102,135 
 4.37 
 4.44 
 6/30/21 
 5.05 
 4.88 
 6/30/26 
 5.0 
 0.20 
 -0- 
 
 Corpus Christi, TX 
 FedEx Ground 
 46,253 
 9.03 
 9.42 
 8/31/21 
 9.89 
 9.89 
 8/31/26 
 5.0 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 Kansas City, MO 
 Bunzl Distribution 
 158,417 
 4.65 
 4.86 
 9/30/21 
 4.44 
 4.26 
 9/30/26 
 5.0 
 -0- 
 0.27 
 
 St. Joseph, MO 
 Woodstream Corporation 
 256,000 
 3.57 
 3.70 
 9/30/21 
 3.89 
 3.75 
 9/30/26 
 5.0 
 0.14 
 0.12 
 
 Topeka, KS 
 Coca-Cola Bottling Co., LLC 
 40,000 
 8.30 
 8.30 
 9/30/21 
 7.10 
 6.75 
 9/30/26 
 5.0 
 0.60 
 0.21 

Total 
 1,206,723 

Weighted Average 

4.49 
 4.64 
 
 4.77 
 4.66 
 
 4.2 
 0.15 
 0.12 

(1) Amount
 calculated based on the total cost divided by the square feet, divided by the renewal term. 

These
ten lease renewals have a U.S. GAAP straight-line lease rate of 4.77 per square foot. The renewed initial cash rent per square foot
is 4.66. This compares to the former rent of 4.49 per square foot on a U.S. GAAP straight-line basis and the former cash rent of 4.64
per square foot, resulting in an increase of 6.2 on a U.S. GAAP straight-line basis and an increase of 0.4 on a cash basis. 

Effective
October 1, 2020, we entered into a lease termination agreement with RGH Enterprises, Inc. (Cardinal Health) for our 75,000 square foot
facility located in Halfmoon (Albany), NY whereby we received a termination fee in the amount of 377,000, representing approximately
50 of the then remaining rent due under the lease, which was set to expire on November 30, 2021. We simultaneously entered into a 10.4
year lease agreement with United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS) which became effective November 1, 2020. The lease agreement with UPS provides
for five months of free rent, after which, on April 1, 2021, initial annual rent of 510,000, representing 6.80 per square foot, commenced,
with 2.0 annual increases thereafter, resulting in a straight-line annualized rent of 541,000, representing 7.21 per square foot over
the life of the lease, which expires March 31, 2031. This compares to the former U.S. GAAP straight-line rent of 574,000, representing
 7.65 per square foot, and former cash rent of 8.19 per square foot, resulting in a decrease of 33,000, representing a 5.8 decrease
on a U.S. GAAP straight-line basis and a decrease of 17.0 on a cash basis. The new 10.4 year lease agreement with UPS provides for an
additional 9.3 years of lease term versus the old lease with Cardinal Health. In addition, effective June 4, 2021, we completed a parking
lot expansion at this location for a cost of 835,000 resulting in an initial increase in annual rent effective on the date of completion
of 52,000 from 510,000, or 6.80 per square foot, to 562,000, or 7.50 per square foot. Furthermore, annual rent will continue to
increase each year by 2.0 resulting in an annualized rent from June 4, 2021 through the remaining term of the lease of 622,000, or
 8.29 per square foot. 

Effective
December 15, 2020, we entered into a 10.3 year lease with Hartford HealthCare Corporation for our previously vacant 55,000 square foot
facility located in Newington (Hartford), CT. The new lease has free rent for the first four months, after which initial annual rent
will be 288,000, representing 5.25 per square foot with 2.0 annual increases thereafter, resulting in a U.S. GAAP straight-line annualized
rent of 307,000, representing 5.60 per square foot over the life of the lease. Hartford HealthCare Corporation is rated investment-grade 
as defined by S P Global Ratings www.standardandpoors.com and by Moody s www.moodys.com ). 

25 

 Table of Contents 

Fiscal
2022 Renewals 

In
fiscal 2022, existing leases with respect to approximately 5 of our gross leasable area, representing seven leases totaling 1.2 million
square feet, were scheduled to expire. Two of these seven leases were renewed thus far, for a weighted average term of 6.8 years, at
a rental rate increase of 6.5 on a GAAP basis and flat on a cash basis. These two lease renewals represent 104,000 square feet, or 9 
of the square footage scheduled to expire in fiscal 2022. 

We
have incurred or we expect to incur leasing commission costs of 220,000 in connection with one of these lease renewals and we have incurred
or we expect to incur tenant improvement costs of 50,000 in connection with the other lease renewal. The table below summarizes the
terms of the two leases that were renewed. In addition, the table below includes both the tenant improvement costs and the leasing commission
costs, which are presented on a per square foot (PSF) basis averaged annually over the renewal terms. 

Property 
 Tenant 
 Square Feet 
 Former U.S. GAAP Straight- Line Rent PSF 
 Former Cash Rent PSF 
 Former Lease Expiration 
 Renewal U.S GAAP Straight- Line Rent PSF 
 Renewal Initial Cash Rent PSF 
 Renewal Lease Expiration 
 Renewal Term (years) 
 Tenant Improvement Cost PSF over Renewal Term (1) 
 Leasing Commission Cost PSF over Renewal Term (1) 

Houston, TX 
 National Oilwell Varco 
 91,925 
 8.26 
 8.44 
 9/30/22 
 8.88 
 8.44 
 9/30/29 
 7.0 
 -0- 
 0.34 
 
 Burr Ridge, IL 
 Sherwin-Williams 
 12,500 
 12.80 
 12.94 
 10/31/21 
 12.99 
 12.94 
 10/31/26 
 5.0 
 0.80 
 -0- 

Total 
 104,425 

Weighted Average 

8.80 
 8.98 
 
 9.37 
 8.98 
 
 6.8 
 0.07 
 0.31 

(1) Amount
 calculated based on the total cost divided by the square feet, divided by the renewal term. 

These
two lease renewals have a U.S. GAAP straight-line lease rate of 9.37 per square foot. The renewed initial cash rent per square foot
is 8.98. This compares to the former rent of 8.80 per square foot on a U.S. GAAP straight-line basis and the former cash rent of 8.98
per square foot, resulting in an increase of 6.5 on a U.S. GAAP straight-line basis and flat on a cash basis. 

Our
105,000 square foot facility located in Cheektowaga (Buffalo), NY is leased to Sonwil Distribution Center, Inc. through January 31, 2022.
This tenant informed us that they will not be renewing their lease. We recently entered into a new seven-year lease agreement for this
facility with UPS which becomes effective February 1, 2022 through January 31, 2029. The lease with UPS provides for initial annual rent
of 683,000, representing 6.50 per square foot with 2.0 annual increases thereafter, resulting in a U.S. GAAP straight-line annualized
rent of 725,000, representing 6.90 per square foot over the life of the lease. This compares to the former U.S. GAAP straight-line
rent and former cash rent of 6.00 per square foot, resulting in an increase in the average lease rate of 15.0 on a U.S. GAAP
straight-line basis and an increase of 8.3 on a cash basis. This lease to UPS, along with the two lease renewals in the table above,
results in a weighted average term of 6.9 years, at a rental rate increase of 10.0 on a GAAP basis and an increase of 3.3 on a cash
basis. These three leases represent 209,000 square feet, or 18 of the expiring square footage for fiscal 2022. 

Also
not included in the table above is our 185,000 square foot facility located in Granite City (St. Louis, MO), IL that is leased to Anheuser-Busch
through November 30, 2021. Anheuser-Busch renewed for only four months, until March 31, 2022, after which it is expected that they will
be moving out. The four month extension provides for rent at an annualized rate of 150 of its current rent resulting in an annualized
rent of 1.3 million, representing 7.04 per square foot. This compares to the former U.S. GAAP straight-line rent of 4.36 and former
cash rent of 4.70 per square foot. 

26 

 Table of Contents 

The
following table presents certain information as of September 30, 2021, with respect to our leases expiring over the future fiscal years
ending September 30 th : 

Expiration of Fiscal Year Ending 
 September 30th 
 Property
 Count 
 Total
 Area Expiring (square feet) 
 Annualized
 Rent (in thousands) 
 Percent
 of Gross Annualized Rent 

Vacant (1) 
 1 
 83,886 
 -0- 
 0 
 
 Shopping Center (2) 
 1 
 61,190 
 616 
 0 
 
 2022 
 5 
 1,065,169 
 5,723 
 4 
 
 2023 
 16 
 2,117,731 
 12,076 
 7 
 
 2024 
 13 
 1,887,039 
 11,797 
 7 
 
 2025 
 11 
 2,607,541 
 12,980 
 8 
 
 2026 
 14 
 1,738,731 
 10,850 
 7 
 
 2027 
 13 
 2,390,188 
 13,297 
 8 
 
 2028 
 10 
 2,172,458 
 11,857 
 7 
 
 2029 
 9 
 1,831,303 
 10,610 
 7 
 
 2030 
 5 
 1,102,002 
 8,490 
 5 
 
 2031 
 6 
 1,218,941 
 9,738 
 6 
 
 2032 
 8 
 2,131,983 
 18,862 
 12 
 
 2033 
 3 
 1,038,508 
 8,844 
 5 
 
 2034 
 3 
 1,561,256 
 9,365 
 6 
 
 2035 
 3 
 856,283 
 8,343 
 5 
 
 2036 
 2 
 403,025 
 5,212 
 3 
 
 2041 
 1 
 657,518 
 5,458 
 3 
 
 Total (3) 
 122 
 24,924,752 
 164,118 
 100 

(1) 
 Vacant 
 represents 81,000 square feet at our 256,000 square foot industrial park located in Monaca (Pittsburgh), PA and not included in the
 Property Count but included in the square feet is 3,000 square feet at our 64,000 square foot Shopping Center located in Somerset,
 NJ. 

(2) 
 Shopping
 Center represents a multi-tenanted property which has lease expirations ranging from month-to-month to fiscal yearend 2030 .

(3) 
 The
 property located in Monaca (Pittsburgh), PA is included in Vacant and is included in 2025 for its lease
 with NF M International and therefore is counted as one property in the property count total. The property located in St. Joseph,
 MO is included in 2026 for its tenant, Woodstream Corporation and is also included in 2023 for its tenant,
 Altec Industries, Inc., both of which occupy one property and therefore is counted as one property in the property count total. 

ITEM
3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Litigation Relating to our Terminated Merger
Agreement with Equity Commonwealth 

We and the members of our
Board of Directors are defendants in a class action lawsuit that was commenced in the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland in August
2021, prior to termination of our merger agreement with EQC, and which currently remains pending. The lawsuit alleges that our directors
violated their legal duties in connection with the proposed EQC merger and seeks injunctive relief and damages. We believe that the claims
asserted in this lawsuit are without merit and that in any event the claims are now moot in light of the termination of the merger agreement.
We intend to seek to have this lawsuit dismissed. However, litigation is inherently uncertain and there can be no assurance we will be
successful in obtaining a dismissal. Four other lawsuits that had been brought with respect to the proposed merger with EQC after the
transaction was announced have since been voluntarily dismissed by the plaintiffs in light of the termination of the EQC merger agreement. 

Former Litigation with Blackwells Capital and
Allison Nagelberg 

On November 4, 2021, we entered
into a Release and Settlement Agreement with our former general counsel, Allison Nagelberg, and Blackwells Capital LLC Blackwells resolving legal proceedings that we had commenced against Ms. Nagelberg and Blackwells in the Superior Court of New Jersey relating to,
among other things, Ms. Nagelberg having been named as a nominee of Blackwells for election to our Board of Directors at our 2021 annual
meeting, and also resolving Ms. Nagelberg s counterclaim against us seeking indemnification and advancement of expenses. In connection
with the settlement, the parties exchanged mutual releases, whereby, among other things, Blackwells agreed to release claims, including
those it had previously demanded that we assert against the members of our Board for alleged breach of their legal duties relating to
the Board s rejection of an unsolicited acquisition offer that we received from Blackwells in December 2020 and subsequent actions
taken by the Board in connection with its review of strategic alternatives earlier this year. 

Simultaneous with the Release
and Settlement Agreement, we and Blackwells entered into a Cooperation Agreement that, among other things, resolved a potential proxy
contest to elect directors at the 2021 Annual Meeting. Under the Cooperation Agreement, Blackwells also agreed, among other things, to
withdraw its slate of proposed nominees and various shareholder proposals for consideration at the 2021 Annual Meeting and committed
to vote all its shares of our common stock at the 2021 Annual Meeting in favor of all of the Board s director nominees and in support
of all Board-recommended proposals, including voting in favor of the Merger Agreement with ILPT. Blackwells also agreed to comply with
certain additional standstill, voting and affirmative solicitation commitments and terms. 

The estimated costs associated
with the Release and Settlement Agreement and the Cooperation Agreement and the related litigation and potential litigation have been
reflected in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. 

ITEM
4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

None. 

27 

 Table of Contents 

PART
II 

ITEM
5 - MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Since
June 1, 2010, the common stock of Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation, 0.01 par value per share (common stock), has been traded
on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), under the symbol MNR. Previously, the common stock was traded on the NASDAQ Global
Select Market. 

Shareholder
Information 

As
of November 1, 2021, 1,191 shareholders of record held shares of our common stock. 

Dividends 

 On
January 14, 2021, our Board of Directors approved a 5.9 increase in our quarterly common stock dividend, raising it to 0.18 per share
from 0.17 per share representing an annualized dividend rate of 0.72 per share. This increase was the third dividend increase in the
past five years, representing a total increase of 20 . We have maintained or increased our common stock cash dividend for 30 consecutive
years. We are one of the few REITs that maintained our dividend throughout the Global Financial Crisis. We currently expect that comparable
cash dividends will continue to be paid in the future. 

 Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities 

On
September 14, 2021, our Board of Directors reaffirmed our Common Stock Repurchase Program (the Program that authorizes
us to purchase up to 50.0 million of shares of our common stock. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchase will be determined
by us at our discretion and will be subject to economic and market conditions, stock price, applicable legal requirements and other factors.
The Program does not have a termination date and may be suspended or discontinued at our discretion without prior notice. During fiscal
2020, we repurchased 400,000 shares of our common stock for 4.3 million at an average price of 10.69 per share. These were the only
repurchases made under the Program thus far. 

28 

 Table of Contents 

Comparative
Stock Performance 

The
following line graph compares the total return of our common stock for the last five fiscal years to the FTSE Nareit Composite Index
(US), published by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (Nareit), and the S P 500 Index for the same period.
The graph assumes a 100 investment in our common stock and in each of the indexes listed below on September 30, 2016 and the reinvestment
of all dividends. The total return reflects stock price appreciation and dividend reinvestment for all three comparative indices. The
information has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but neither its accuracy nor its completeness is guaranteed. Our
stock performance shown in the graph below is not indicative of future stock performance. 

ITEM
6 [RESERVED] 

29 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
7 - MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Cautionary
Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

Statements
contained in this Form 10-K that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act). Forward-looking
statements provide our current expectations or forecasts of future events. In particular, statements relating to our liquidity and capital
resources, portfolio performance and results of operations contain forward-looking statements. Furthermore, all of the statements regarding
future financial performance are forward-looking statements. We are including this cautionary statement to make applicable and take advantage
of the safe harbor provisions of the Securities Act and Exchange Act for any such forward-looking statements. We caution investors that
any forward-looking statements presented in this Form 10-K are based on management s belief and assumptions made by, and information
currently available to, management. Forward-looking statements can be identified by their use of forward-looking words, such as may, 
 will, anticipate, expect, believe, intend, plan, 
 should, seek or comparable terms, or the negative use of those words, but the absence of these words does
not necessarily mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements include statements about our expectations, beliefs,
intentions, plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events, performance and underlying assumptions and other statements that are
not historical facts. 

The
forward-looking statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account all
information currently available to us. Forward-looking statements are not predictions of future events. These beliefs, assumptions and
expectations can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to us. Some of these factors are described
below and under the headings Business , Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. These and other risks, uncertainties and factors could cause our actual results
to differ materially from those included in any forward-looking statements we make. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the
date on which it is made. New risks and uncertainties arise over time, and it is not possible for us to predict those events or how they
may affect us. Except as required by law, we are not obligated to, and we do not intend to, update or revise any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from our expectations include, among others: 

the
 ability of our tenants to make payments under their respective leases; 

our
 reliance on certain major tenants; 

our
 ability to re-lease properties that are currently vacant or that become vacant; 

our
 ability to obtain suitable tenants for our properties; 

changes
 in real estate market conditions, economic conditions in the industrial sector, the markets in which our properties are located and
 general economic conditions; 

the
 inherent risks associated with owning real estate, including local real estate market conditions, governing laws and regulations
 and illiquidity of real estate investments; 

our
 ability to acquire, finance and sell properties on attractive terms; 

our
 ability to repay debt financing obligations; 

our
 ability to refinance amounts outstanding under our debt obligations at maturity on terms favorable to us, or at all; 

the
 loss of any member of our management team; 

our
 ability to comply with debt covenants; 

our
 ability to integrate acquired properties and operations into existing operations; 

continued
 availability of proceeds from issuances of our debt or equity securities; 

30 

 Table of Contents 

the
 availability of other debt and equity financing alternatives; 

changes
 in interest rates, including the replacement of the LIBOR reference rate, under our current credit facility and under any additional
 variable rate debt arrangements that we may enter into in the future; 

our
 ability to successfully implement our selective acquisition strategy; 

our
 ability to maintain internal controls and procedures to ensure all transactions are accounted for properly, all relevant disclosures
 and filings are timely made in accordance with all rules and regulations, and any potential fraud or embezzlement is thwarted or
 detected; 

changes
 in federal or state tax rules or regulations that could have adverse tax consequences; 

declines
 in the market prices of our investment securities; 

the
 effect of COVID-19 on our business and general economic conditions; 

our
 ability to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes; 

inability to complete the proposed merger with ILPT
 because, among other reasons, one or more conditions to the closing of the proposed transaction may not be satisfied or waived; 

uncertainty as to the timing of completion of the proposed
 merger; 

potential adverse effects or changes to relationships
 with our tenants, employees, service providers or other parties conducting business with us resulting from the announcement or completion
 of the proposed merger; 

the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted
 against the parties and others related to the merger agreement; 

possible disruptions from the proposed merger that could
 harm our business, including current plans and operations; 

unexpected costs, charges or expenses resulting from
 the proposed merger; and 

the possibility that the benefits anticipated from the
 proposed merger will not be realized or will not be realized within the expected time period. 

You should not place undue
reliance on these forward-looking statements, as events described or implied in such statements may not occur. Although we have entered
into the merger agreement with ILPT, there can be no assurance that the merger and other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement
will be completed. 

We undertake no obligation
to update or revise any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Merger Agreement with ILPT 

As previously announced, on
November 5, 2021, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with Industrial Logistics Properties
Trust, a Maryland real estate investment trust ILPT ), and Maple Delaware Merger Sub LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company and a wholly owned subsidiary of ILPT Merger Sub ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, subject to the terms and
conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, we would be acquired by ILPT in an all-cash transaction for 21 per common share, payable
in cash (representing an aggregate equity value of approximately 2.1 billion). The Merger Agreement provides, among other things, that
we will be merged with and into Merger Sub (the Merger ), with Merger Sub continuing as the surviving entity and as a wholly
owned subsidiary of ILPT. Following the Merger, our common stock would no longer be traded on the New York Stock Exchange. 

31 

 Table of Contents 

The Merger Agreement provides
that each share of our common stock, par value 0.01 per share Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the effective
time of the Merger (the Effective Time (other than shares of Common Stock owned by ILPT, Merger Sub or any wholly owned
subsidiary of us or ILPT) will, at the Effective Time, automatically be cancelled and converted into the right to receive 21.00 in cash
(the Common Stock Merger Consideration ), without interest and subject to applicable withholding taxes. Pursuant to the
Merger Agreement, as of the Effective Time, (i) each outstanding stock option will become fully vested and be converted into the right
to receive an amount in cash equal to the product of (A) the excess, if any, of the Common Stock Merger Consideration over the applicable
exercise price of such option, multiplied by (B) the number of shares subject to such option, subject to applicable withholding taxes,
and (ii) each restricted stock award and restricted stock unit award that is outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will
become fully vested and be converted into the right to receive the Common Stock Merger Consideration in respect of each underlying share
of Common Stock, subject to applicable withholding taxes. Upon closing of the merger with ILPT, holders of our outstanding 6.125 Series
C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock Series C Preferred Stock will receive the amount of 25 per share plus any accrued
and unpaid dividends. We plan to continue to pay our regular quarterly common stock dividend and our Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred
Stock dividend for each full quarterly dividend period completed prior to the closing of the transaction. 

ILPT s acquisition of
us is subject to obtaining the requisite approval of our common stockholders and the satisfaction of other customary closing conditions.
The obligation of the parties to complete the Merger is subject to customary closing conditions, including the approval of the Merger
Agreement by holders of at least two-thirds of our outstanding shares of Common Stock entitled to vote thereon (the Company Stockholder
Approval (ii) the absence of any law, order or injunction of a court or governmental entity of competent jurisdiction prohibiting
the consummation of the Merger, (iii) the accuracy of the representations and warranties contained in the Merger Agreement (subject to
certain qualifications), (iv) the performance in all material respects by the parties of their respective obligations under the Merger
Agreement that are required to be performed at or prior to the Effective Time and (v) the absence of a Company Material Adverse Effect
(as defined in the Merger Agreement) occurring after the date of the Merger Agreement. 

We have made customary representations,
warranties and covenants in the Merger Agreement, including, among others, covenants (i) to conduct its business in all material respects
in the ordinary course during the period between the execution of the Merger Agreement and the closing of the Merger, and not to engage
in specified types of transactions during this period, subject to certain exceptions and (ii) to convene a meeting of its stockholders
for the purpose of obtaining the Company Stockholder Approval. The Merger Agreement contains customary no-shop restrictions that limit
the ability of us and our representatives to solicit alternative acquisition proposals from third parties, subject to customary fiduciary
out provisions. 

Our Merger Agreement with
ILPT represents the culmination of the publicly announced comprehensive strategic alternatives review processes conducted by our Board
of Directors this year. Our Board re-initiated its strategic alternatives review process in September 2021 after a previous agreement
for a merger that we entered into with another party, following a strategic alternatives review process earlier this year, did not receive
the requisite approval of our stockholders and was terminated. 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere herein. 

Overview 

Monmouth
Real Estate Investment Corporation, founded in 1968, is one of the oldest public equity REITs in the world. We are a self-administered
and self-managed REIT that seeks to invest in well-located, modern, single- tenant industrial buildings, leased primarily to investment-grade
tenants or their subsidiaries on long-term net-leases. During the fiscal year 2021, we purchased four new built-to-suit, net-leased,
industrial properties, located in the following MSA s: Columbus, OH, Atlanta, GA, Burlington, VT and Knoxville, TN, totaling approximately
1.6 million square feet on 316.2 acres, for an aggregate purchase price of 258.4 million. These four properties are expected to generate
annualized rental income over the life of their leases of 15.2 million. In connection with two of the four properties acquired during
the 2021 fiscal year, we entered into one 17 year fully-amortizing mortgage loan and one 15 year fully-amortizing mortgage loan. In connection
with the remaining two properties acquired during the 2021 fiscal year, we entered into commitments for two 15 year fully-amortizing
mortgage loans. These four fully-amortizing loans have a weighted average term of 15.7 years. The principal amount of the four mortgage
loans originally totaled 161.8 million with fixed interest rates ranging from 2.50 to 3.25 , resulting in a weighted average fixed
interest rate of 2.89 . At September 30, 2021, we held investments in 122 properties totaling 24.9 million square feet with a weighted
average building age, based on the square footage of our buildings, of 10.2 years. These properties are located in 32 states: Alabama,
Arizona, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota,
Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas,
Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. All of these properties are 100 owned by us, directly or through wholly-owned subsidiaries,
with the exception of one property in which we own a 67 majority interest in and is our only non-industrial asset, which is a shopping
center in Somerset, NJ. All of our investment properties are leased on a net basis except for an industrial park in Monaca (Pittsburgh),
PA and our only non-industrial asset. 

32 

 Table of Contents 

Our
weighted average lease expiration was 7.0 years and 7.1 years as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and our average annualized
rent per occupied square foot as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 was 6.61 and 6.36, respectively. At September 30, 2021 and 2020, our
overall occupancy rate was 99.7 and 99.4 , respectively. Our weighted average lease expiration has been 7.0 years or greater for over
seven consecutive years. Our overall occupancy rate has been 98.9 or above for over six consecutive years. 

We
have a concentration of properties leased to FedEx Corporation (FDX). As of September 30, 2021, we had 24.9 million leasable square feet,
of which 11.6 million square feet, or 47 , consisting of 65 separate stand-alone leases, were leased to FDX and its subsidiaries (5 
to FDX and 42 to FDX subsidiaries). These properties are located in 27 different states. As of September 30, 2021, the 65 separate stand-alone
leases that are leased to FDX and FDX subsidiaries had a weighted average lease maturity of 7.5 years. As of September 30, 2021, in addition
to FDX and its subsidiaries, the only tenants that leased 5 or more of our total square footage were subsidiaries of Amazon, which are
parties to five separate stand-alone leases for properties located in four different states, containing 1.5 million total square feet,
comprising 6 of our total leasable square feet. Our Rental and Reimbursement Revenue from FDX and its subsidiaries for the fiscal year
ended September 30, 2021 totaled 104.3 million, or as a percentage of total rent and reimbursement revenues were, 57 (5 from FDX and
52 from FDX subsidiaries). In addition to FDX and its subsidiaries, the only tenants to comprise 5 or more of our total Rental and
Reimbursement Revenue were subsidiaries of Amazon, which represented 6 of our Rental and Reimbursement Revenue for the fiscal year ended
September 30, 2021. None of our properties are subject to a master lease or any cross-collateralization agreements. 

FDX
and Amazon are publicly-listed companies and financial information related to these entities are available at the SEC s website,
www.sec.gov. FDX and Amazon are rated BBB and AA , respectively by S P Global Ratings www.standardandpoors.com and are rated Baa2 and A1 , respectively by Moody s www.moodys.com ), which are both considered
 Investment Grade ratings. The references in this report to the SEC s website, S P Global Ratings website
and Moody s website are not intended to and do not include, or incorporate by reference into this report, the information of FDX,
Amazon, S P Global Ratings or Moody s on such websites. 

Our
revenue primarily consists of rental and reimbursement revenue from the ownership of industrial rental property. Rental and Reimbursement
Revenue increased 14.9 million, or 9 , for the year ended September 30, 2021, as compared to the year ended September 30, 2020. The
increase was due mainly to the revenue relating to the property acquisitions made during fiscal 2021 and 2020. Total expenses (excluding
other income and expense) increased 42.4 million, or 49 , for the year ended September 30, 2021 as compared to the year
ended September 30, 2020. The increase was due mainly to the Non-recurring Strategic Alternatives Proxy Costs of 35.9 million
and depreciation expense which increased 4.8 million for the year ended September 30, 2021 as compared to the year ended September 30,
2020. 

Our
Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Common Shareholders increased 93.4 million, or 192 , for the fiscal year ended September
30, 2021 as compared to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020 and decreased 59.6 million, or 541 , for the fiscal year ended September
30, 2020 as compared to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019. The increase in our Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Common Shareholders
from the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020 to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 was primarily due to the Unrealized Holding
Gain Arising During the Period of 50.2 million offset by Non-recurring Strategic Alternatives Proxy Costs of 35.9 million.
The decrease in our Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Common Shareholders from the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019 to the fiscal
year ended September 30, 2020 was primarily due to an increase in unrealized gains and losses resulting from our securities investments.
During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, we recognized 77.4 million and 24.7 million of unrealized losses, respectively. 

33 

 Table of Contents 

We
evaluate our financial performance using Net Operating Income (NOI) from property operations, which we believe is a useful indicator
of our operating performance. NOI is a non-GAAP financial measure that we define as Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Common Shareholders
plus Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Non-Controlling Interest, Preferred Dividend Expense, General and Administrative Expenses, Non-recurring
Strategic Alternatives Proxy Costs, Non-recurring Severance Expense, Depreciation, Amortization of Capitalized Lease Costs and
Intangible Assets, Interest Expense, including Amortization of Financing Costs, Unrealized Holding (Gains) Losses Arising During the
Periods, less Realized Gain on Sale of Securities Transactions, Realized Gain on Sale of Real Estate Investment, Dividend Income and
Lease Termination Income. The components of NOI are recurring Rental and Reimbursement Revenue, less Real Estate Taxes and Operating
Expenses, such as insurance, utilities, and repairs and maintenance. Other REITs may use different methodologies to calculate NOI and,
accordingly, our NOI may not be comparable to certain other REITs. 

The
following is a reconciliation of our Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Common Shareholders to our NOI for the fiscal years ended September
30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 (in thousands) : 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable
 to Common Shareholders 
 44,764 
 (48,617 
 11,026 
 
 Plus: Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Non-Controlling
 Interest 
 2,996 
 (31 
 152 
 
 Plus: Preferred Dividend Expense 
 33,419 
 26,474 
 18,774 
 
 Plus: General and Administrative Expenses 
 9,353 
 8,932 
 9,081 
 
 Plus: Non-recurring Strategic Alternatives
 Proxy Costs 
 35,920 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 Plus: Non-recurring Severance Expense 
 -0- 
 786 
 -0- 
 
 Plus: Depreciation 
 51,478 
 46,670 
 43,020 
 
 Plus: Amortization of Capitalized Lease
 Costs and Intangible Assets 
 3,586 
 3,180 
 2,870 
 
 Plus: Interest Expense, including Amortization
 of Financing Costs 
 37,880 
 36,376 
 36,912 
 
 Plus: Unrealized Holding (Gains) Losses Arising
 During the Periods 
 (50,239 
 77,380 
 24,680 
 
 Less: Realized Gain on Sale of Securities
 Transactions 
 (2,248 
 0 
 0 
 
 Less: Realized Gain on Sale of Real Estate
 Investment 
 (6,376 
 0 
 0 
 
 Less: Dividend Income 
 (6,182 
 (10,445 
 (15,168 
 
 Less: Lease Termination
 Income 
 (377 
 0 
 0 
 
 Net Operating Income
 NOI 
 153,974 
 140,705 
 131,347 

The
components of our NOI for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 are as follows (in thousands) : 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 

Rental Revenue 
 155,044 
 141,583 
 132,524 
 
 Reimbursement Revenue 
 27,712 
 26,234 
 22,297 
 
 Total Rental and Reimbursement Revenue 
 182,756 
 167,817 
 154,821 
 
 Real Estate Taxes 
 (21,798 
 (20,193 
 (17,010 
 
 Operating Expense 
 (6,984 
 (6,919 
 (6,464 
 
 NOI 
 153,974 
 140,705 
 131,347 

NOI
increased 13.3 million, or 9 , for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 as compared to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020
and increased 9.4 million, or 7 , for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020 as compared to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019.
The increase from fiscal year 2020 to 2021 was due to the additional income related to four industrial properties purchased during fiscal
2021 and the purchase of five industrial properties during fiscal 2020. The increase from fiscal year 2019 to 2020 was due to the additional
income related to five industrial properties purchased during fiscal 2020 and the purchase of three industrial properties during fiscal
2019. 

34 

 Table of Contents 

We
evaluate our financial performance using earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization for real estate (Adjusted EBITDA)
from property operations, which we believe is a useful indicator of our operating performance. Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial
measure that we define as Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Common Shareholders plus, Preferred Dividend Expense, Interest Expense, including
Amortization of Financing Costs, Depreciation, Amortization of Capitalized Lease Costs and Intangible Assets, Unrealized Holding (Gains)
Losses Arising During the Periods, and Non-recurring Strategic Alternatives Proxy Costs less Gain on Sale of Securities Transactions
and Gain on Sale of Real Estate Investments and our portion of these items related to our consolidated investment that we have a non-controlling
interest in. Other REITs may use different methodologies to calculate Adjusted EBITDA and, accordingly, our Adjusted EBITDA may not be
comparable to certain other REITs. 

The
following is a reconciliation of our Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Common Shareholders to our Adjusted EBITDA for the fiscal years
ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 (in thousands) : 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable
 to Common Shareholders 
 44,764 
 (48,617 
 11,026 
 
 Plus: Preferred Dividend Expense 
 33,419 
 26,474 
 18,774 
 
 Plus: Interest Expense, including Amortization
 of Financing Costs 
 37,880 
 36,376 
 36,912 
 
 Plus: Depreciation and Amortization 
 55,064 
 49,850 
 45,890 
 
 Plus: Net Amortization of Acquired Above
 and Below Market Lease Revenue 
 103 
 103 
 103 
 
 Plus: Unrealized Holding (Gains) Losses Arising
 During the Periods 
 (50,239 
 77,380 
 24,680 
 
 Plus: Non-recurring Strategic Alternatives
 Proxy Costs 
 35,920 
 0 
 0 
 
 Less: Realized Gain on Sale of Securities Transactions 
 (2,248 
 0 
 0 
 
 Less: Realized Gain
 on Sale of Real Estate Investments (A) 
 (3,252 
 0 
 0 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 151,411 
 141,566 
 137,385 

(A) Represents
 our portion of the net realized gain from the sale of our property that we owned a 51 interest
 in. 

Adjusted
EBITDA increased 9.8 million, or 7 , for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 as compared to the fiscal year ended September 30,
2020 and increased 4.2 million, or 3 , for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020 as compared to the fiscal year ended September 30,
2019. The increase from fiscal year 2020 to 2021 was due to the additional income related to four industrial properties purchased during
fiscal 2021 and the purchase of five industrial properties during fiscal 2020. The increase from fiscal year 2019 to 2020 was due to
the additional income related to five industrial properties purchased during fiscal 2020 and the purchase of three industrial properties
during fiscal 2019. 

For
the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, gross revenue, which includes Rental Revenue, Reimbursement Revenue and Dividend
Income, totaled 188.9 million, 178.3 million and 170.0 million, respectively. 

Subsequent
to fiscal yearend, on October 27, 2021, we purchased a newly constructed 291,000 square foot industrial building, situated on 46.0 acres,
located in the Birmingham, AL MSA. The building is 100 net-leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. for 15 years through July 2036.
The purchase price was 30.2 million. We obtained a mortgage loan commitment for a 15 year, fully-amortizing mortgage loan of 19.3 million
at a fixed interest rate of 2.40 , which has not yet closed. Annual rental revenue over the remaining term of the lease averages 1.7
million. 

In
addition to the 30.2 million property purchased in October 2021, as described above, we have entered into agreements to purchase three,
new build-to-suit, industrial buildings that are currently being developed in Alabama, Georgia and Texas, totaling 1.1 million square
feet. These future acquisitions have net-leased terms ranging from 10 to 15 years with a weighted average lease term of 12.6 years. The
total purchase price for these three properties is 126.8 million. All three properties are leased to companies, or subsidiaries of companies,
that are considered Investment Grade by S P Global Ratings www.standardandpoors.com and by Moody s www.moodys.com ).
Two of these three properties, consisting of an aggregate of 563,000 square feet, or 52 of the total leasable area, are leased to FedEx
Ground Package System, Inc. Subject to satisfactory due diligence and other customary closing conditions and requirements, we anticipate
closing all three of these transactions during fiscal 2022. 

35 

 Table of Contents 

We
have several FedEx Ground parking expansion projects in progress with more under discussion. Currently there are nine parking expansion
projects underway, which we expect to cost approximately 42.6 million. These parking expansion projects will enable us to capture additional
rent while lengthening the terms of these leases. We are also in discussions to expand the parking at eight additional locations bringing
the total recently completed and likely future parking lot expansion projects to 18 currently. 

Due
to the proliferation of ecommerce sales and last mile deliveries, it is important to take into account the large amounts of real estate
utilized for trailer, van, and car parking at many of our properties in determining how our in-place rental rates compare to market rental
rates for properties being used in a similar manner. Rents per square foot on properties that may be nearby, but have only limited acreage
devoted to parking, are poor comparisons as they cannot accommodate the same tenant needs. 

During
the three fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, we completed a total of three property expansions, consisting of one
building expansion and two parking lot expansions. The building expansion resulted in 155,000 additional square feet. Total costs for
all three property expansions were 12.9 million and resulted in total increased annual rent of 1.2 million. One of these completed
expansions resulted in new ten-year lease extensions and one resulted in a new fifteen-year lease extension. The weighted average lease
extension for these three property expansions is 12.7 years. 

For
fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, Gross Revenues also include Dividend Income. We hold a portfolio of marketable securities of other
REITs with a fair value of 143.5 million as of September 30, 2021, representing 5.6 of our undepreciated assets (which is our total
assets excluding accumulated depreciation). We intend to limit the size of this portfolio to no more than approximately 5 of our undepreciated
assets. Our REIT securities portfolio provides us with diversification, income, and is a source of potential liquidity when needed and
also serves as a proxy for real estate when more favorable risk adjusted returns are not available in the private real estate markets.
We normally hold REIT securities long-term and have the ability and intent to hold these securities to recovery. 

We
had 48.6 million in Cash and Cash Equivalents and 143.5 million in REIT securities as of September 30, 2021. We believe that funds
generated from operations, mortgages, draws on our unsecured line of credit facility, cash on hand, sales of marketable securities, other
bank borrowings, proceeds from our dividend reinvestment plan (DRIP), and proceeds from private placements and public offerings of additional
common or preferred stock or other securities, will provide sufficient funds to adequately meet our obligations over the next several
years. As previously announced, in January 2021, when our Board of Directors first decided to explore strategic alternatives, the Board
also determined to temporarily suspend our DRIP, and our Preferred Stock at-the-market offering program (Preferred Stock ATM Program)
and Common Stock at-the-market offering program (Common Stock ATM Program). Because our exploration of strategic alternative process
is ongoing, our DRIP currently remains suspended. Our Preferred Stock and Common Stock ATM Programs expired by their terms during August
2021. 

US
industrial real estate market conditions are as strong as they have ever been with record high asking rents, a robust development pipeline,
and an all-time high occupancy rate of 96 . Companies are leasing space at record levels to handle the large increase in ecommerce sales
as well as the need for safety stock to counter supply chain disruptions. Construction costs are rising dramatically due to the long
lead times for sourcing materials. The amount of new construction for US industrial real estate has been increasing for several years
as more industrial space is needed to handle direct-to-consumer distribution. It is estimated that ecommerce sales require three times
the amount of warehouse space relative to brick and mortar retail sales. These new buildings are often highly automated and have much
larger truck courts and parking requirements. Because modern industrial buildings are built to handle both wholesale distribution as
well as direct to consumer distribution, they are known as omni-channel facilities. The West coast ports are continuing to experience
severe bottlenecks in processing imports and as a result much container traffic is being diverted towards the Gulf and East coast ports.
Given our geographic footprint, this trend is a very favorable one for us. 

36 

 Table of Contents 

Our
portfolio of modern, net-leased industrial properties, continues to provide shareholders with reliable and predictable income streams.
We expect these favorable trends for the industrial real estate sector to be a leading demand driver for the foreseeable future, as consumers
continue to embrace the added efficiencies of on-line consumption. The strong financial position of our tenants, together with the long
duration of our leases, provides for high quality, reliable income streams throughout the business cycle. 

We
intend to continue to increase our real estate investments in fiscal 2022 and 2023 through acquisitions and expansions of our properties.
The growth of our real estate portfolio depends on the availability of suitable properties which meet our investment criteria and appropriate
financing. Competition in the market areas in which we operate is significant and affects acquisitions, occupancy levels, rental rates
and operating expenses of certain properties. 

See
PART I, Item 1 Business and Item 1A Risk Factors for a more complete discussion of the economic and industry-wide factors
relevant to us and the opportunities and challenges, and risks on which we are focused. 

Significant
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operation are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates
and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of our consolidated financial statements. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions. 

Significant
accounting policies are defined as those that involve significant judgment and potentially could result in materially different results
under different assumptions and conditions. We believe the following significant accounting policies are affected by our more significant
judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. For a detailed description of these and other
accounting policies, see Note 1 in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K. 

Real
Estate Investments 

We
apply Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 360-10, Property, Plant Equipment (ASC
360-10) to measure impairment in real estate investments. Rental properties are individually evaluated for impairment when conditions
exist which may indicate that it is probable that the sum of expected future cash flows (on an undiscounted basis without interest) from
a rental property is less than its historical net cost basis. These expected future cash flows consider factors such as future operating
income, trends and prospects as well as the effects of leasing demand, competition and other factors. Upon determination that an other
than temporary impairment has occurred, rental properties are reduced to their fair value. For properties to be disposed of, an impairment
loss is recognized when the fair value of the property, less the estimated cost to sell, is less than the carrying amount of the property
measured at the time there is a commitment to sell the property and/or it is actively being marketed for sale. A property to be disposed
of is reported at the lower of its carrying amount or its estimated fair value, less its cost to sell. Subsequent to the date that a
property is held for disposition, depreciation expense is not recorded. 

We
account for our property acquisitions as acquisitions of assets. In an acquisition of assets, certain acquisition costs are capitalized
to real estate investments as part of the purchase price. In addition, acquisitions that do not meet the definition of a business combination
are accounted for as asset acquisitions whereby the consideration incurred is allocated to the individual assets acquired on a relative
fair value basis. 

We
conducted a comprehensive review of all real estate asset classes in accordance with ASC 360-10, which indicates that asset values should
be analyzed whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a property may not be fully recoverable. 

37 

 Table of Contents 

The
following are examples of such events or changes in circumstances that would indicate to us that there may be an impairment of a property: 

A
 non-renewal of a lease and subsequent move-out by the tenant; 

A
 renewal of a lease at a significantly lower rent than a previous lease; 

A
 significant decrease in the market value of a property; 

A
 significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which a property is being used or in its physical condition; 

A
 significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate that could affect the value of a property, including an adverse
 action or assessment by a regulator; 

An
 accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the acquisition or construction of a property; 

A
 current-period operating or cash flow loss combined with a history of operating or cash flow losses or a projection or forecast that
 demonstrates continuing losses associated with the use of a property; or 

A
 current expectation that, more likely than not, a property will be sold or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of
 its previously estimated useful life. 

The
process entails the analysis of property for instances where the net book value exceeds the estimated fair value. In accordance with
ASC 360-10, an impairment loss shall be recognized if the carrying amount of a long-lived asset is not recoverable and exceeds its fair
value. We utilize the experience and knowledge of our internal valuation team to derive certain assumptions used to determine an operating
property s cash flow. Such assumptions include re-leasing and renewal probabilities upon future lease expirations, vacancy factors,
rental growth rates, and capital expenditures. 

As
part of our review of our property portfolio, we evaluated our industrial properties with vacancy at September 30, 2021, which consists
of 81,000 square feet, representing 0.3 of our total rentable square feet. The discounted cash flows expected from a potential lease
applicable to the vacant portion of these properties exceeded its historical net cost basis. We consider, on a quarterly basis, whether
the marketed rent (advertised) or the market rent has decreased or if any additional indicators are present which would indicate a significant
decrease in net cash flows. We may obtain an independent appraisal to assist in evaluating a potential impairment for a property if it
has been vacant for several years. We have also considered the properties which had lease renewals at rental rates lower than the previous
rental rates and noted that the sum of the new discounted cash flows expected for the renewed leases exceeded these properties 
historical net cost basis. 

We
reviewed our operating properties in light of the requirements of ASC 360-10 and determined that, as of September 30, 2021, the undiscounted
cash flows over the holding period for these properties were in excess of their carrying values and, therefore, no impairment charges
were required. 

Securities
Available for Sale 

Investments
in non-real estate assets consist primarily of marketable securities. We intend to limit the size of this portfolio to no more than approximately
5 of our undepreciated assets, which we define as total assets excluding accumulated depreciation. The value of the marketable securities
was 143.5 million as of September 30, 2021, representing 5.6 of our undepreciated assets. We continue to believe that our REIT securities
portfolio provides us with diversification, income, a source of potential liquidity when needed and also serves as a proxy for real estate
when more favorable risk adjusted returns are not available in the private real estate markets. Our decision to reduce this threshold
mainly stems from the implementation of accounting rule ASU 2016-01, Financial Instruments Overall: Recognition and Measurement
of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities , which took effect at the beginning of the 2019 fiscal year. This rule requires
that quarterly changes in the market value of our marketable securities flow through our Consolidated Statements of Income. The implementation
of this accounting rule has resulted in increased volatility in our reported earnings and some of our key performance metrics. We individually
review and evaluate our marketable securities for impairment on a quarterly basis, or when events or circumstances occur. We consider,
among other things, credit aspects of the issuer, amount of decline in fair value over cost and length of time in a continuous loss position.

38 

 Table of Contents 

We
classify our securities among three categories: held-to-maturity, trading, and available-for-sale. Our securities at September 30, 2021
and 2020 are all classified as available-for-sale and are carried at fair value based on quoted market prices. Gains or losses on the
sale of securities are calculated based on the average cost method and are accounted for on a trade date basis. 

Revenue
Recognition and Estimates 

Rental
revenue from tenants with leases having scheduled rental increases are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.
Tenant recoveries related to the reimbursement of real estate taxes, insurance, repairs and maintenance, and other operating expenses
are recognized as revenue in the period the expenses are incurred. The reimbursements are recognized and presented gross, as we are generally,
the primary obligor and, with respect to purchasing goods and services from third-party suppliers, have discretion in selecting the supplier
and bear the associated credit risk. These occupancy charges are recognized as earned. In addition, an estimate is made with respect
to whether a provision for allowance for doubtful tenant and other receivables is necessary. The allowance for doubtful accounts reflects
management s estimate of the amounts of the recorded tenant and other receivables at the balance sheet date that will not be realized
from cash receipts in subsequent periods. If cash receipts in subsequent periods vary from our estimates, or if our tenants financial
condition deteriorates as a result of operating difficulties, additional changes to the allowance may be required. 

Lease
Termination Income 

Lease
Termination Income is recognized in operating revenues when there is a signed termination agreement, all of the conditions of the agreement
have been met, the tenant is no longer occupying the property and the termination consideration is probable of collection. Lease termination
amounts are paid by tenants who want to terminate their lease obligations before the end of the contractual term of the lease agreement
with us. 

We
did not recognize any lease termination fees during fiscal 2020. During fiscal 2021, effective October 1, 2020, we entered into a lease
termination agreement with RGH Enterprises, Inc. (Cardinal Health) for our 75,000 square foot facility located in Halfmoon (Albany),
NY whereby we received a termination fee in the amount of 377,000 representing approximately 50 of the then remaining rent due under
the lease, which was set to expire on November 30, 2021. We simultaneously entered into a 10.4 year lease agreement with United Parcel
Service, Inc. (UPS) which became effective November 1, 2020. The lease agreement with UPS provides for five months of free rent, after
which, on April 1, 2021, initial annual rent of 510,000, representing 6.80 per square foot, commenced, with 2.0 annual increases thereafter,
resulting in a straight-line annualized rent of 541,000, representing 7.21 per square foot over the life of the lease, which expires
March 31, 2031. This compares to the former U.S. GAAP straight-line rent of 574,000, representing 7.65 per square foot, and former
cash rent of 8.19 per square foot, resulting in a decrease of 33,000, representing a 5.8 decrease on a U.S. GAAP straight-line basis
and a decrease of 17.0 on a cash basis. The new 10.4 year lease agreement with UPS provides for an additional 9.3 years of lease term
versus the old lease with Cardinal Health. In addition, effective June 4, 2021, we completed a parking lot expansion at this location
for a cost of approximately 835,000 resulting in an initial increase in annual rent effective on the date of completion of approximately
 52,000 from approximately 510,000, or 6.80 per square foot, to approximately 562,000, or 7.50 per square foot. Furthermore, annual
rent will continue to increase each year by 2.0 resulting in an annualized rent from June 4, 2021 through the remaining term of the
lease of approximately 622,000, or 8.29 per square foot. 

Only
three of our 122 properties have leases that contain an early termination provision. These three properties contain 177,000 total rentable
square feet, representing less than 1 of our total rentable square feet. Our leases with early termination provisions are our 36,000
square foot location in Urbandale (Des Moines), IA, our 39,000 square foot location in Rockford, IL and our 102,000 square foot location
in O Fallon (St. Louis), MO. Each lease termination provision contains certain requirements that must be met in order to exercise
each termination provision. These requirements include: the date termination can be exercised, the time frame that notice must be given
by the tenant to us and the termination fee that would be required to be paid by the tenant to us. The total potential termination fees
that would be payable to us from the three tenants with leases that have a termination provision amounts to 1.5 million. 

39 

 Table of Contents 

Results
of Operations 

Occupancy
and Rent per Occupied Square Foot 

Fiscal
2021 Renewals 

In
fiscal 2021, approximately 5 of our gross leasable area, representing ten leases totaling 1.2 million square feet, was set to expire.
All ten of these leases have been renewed, resulting in a 100 retention rate for a weighted average term of 4.2 years, at a rental rate
increase of 6.2 on a U.S. GAAP basis and an increase of 0.4 on a cash basis. 

We
have incurred or we expect to incur leasing commission costs of 621,000 in connection with six of these lease renewals and we have incurred
or we expect to incur tenant improvement costs of 756,000 in connection with five of these lease renewals. The table below summarizes
the terms of the leases that were renewed. In addition, the table below includes both the tenant improvement costs and the leasing commission
costs, which are presented on a per square foot (PSF) basis averaged annually over the renewal terms. 

Property 
 
 Tenant 
 
 Square
 Feet 

Former
 U.S. GAAP Straight- Line Rent PSF 

Former
 Cash Rent PSF 

Former
 Lease Expiration 
 
 Renewal
 U.S GAAP Straight- Line Rent PSF 

Renewal
 Initial Cash Rent PSF 

Renewal
 Lease Expiration 
 
 Renewal
 Term (years) 

Tenant
 Improvement Cost PSF over Renewal Term (1) 

Leasing
 Commission Cost PSF over Renewal Term (1) 

Griffin
 (Atlanta), GA 
 
 Rinnai
 America Corporation 

218,120 

3.81 

3.93 

12/31/20 

4.22 

4.22 

12/31/22 

2.0 

-0- 

0.13 

Fayetteville,
 NC 
 
 Victory
 Packaging, L.P. 

148,000 

3.33 

3.50 

2/28/21 

3.40 

3.25 

2/28/25 

4.0 

-0- 

0.20 

Winston-Salem,
 NC 
 
 Style
 Crest, Inc. 

106,507 

3.39 

3.77 

3/31/21 

4.10 

3.90 

3/31/26 

5.0 

0.30 

-0- 

Romulus,
 MI 
 
 FedEx
 Corporation 

71,933 

5.15 

5.15 

5/31/21 

5.95 

5.95 

5/31/26 

5.0 

0.56 

0.12 

Augusta,
 GA 
 
 FedEx
 Ground 

59,358 

8.64 

8.64 

6/30/21 

8.64 

8.64 

6/30/23 

2.0 

-0- 

-0- 

O Fallon,
 MO 
 
 Pittsburgh
 Glass Works, LLC 

102,135 

4.37 

4.44 

6/30/21 

5.05 

4.88 

6/30/26 

5.0 

0.20 

-0- 

Corpus
 Christi, TX 
 
 FedEx
 Ground 

46,253 

9.03 

9.42 

8/31/21 

9.89 

9.89 

8/31/26 

5.0 

-0- 

-0- 

Kansas
 City, MO 
 
 Bunzl
 Distribution 

158,417 

4.65 

4.86 

9/30/21 

4.44 

4.26 

9/30/26 

5.0 

-0- 

0.27 

St.
 Joseph, MO 
 
 Woodstream
 Corporation 

256,000 

3.57 

3.70 

9/30/21 

3.89 

3.75 

9/30/26 

5.0 

0.14 

0.12 

Topeka,
 KS 
 
 Coca-Cola
 Bottling Co., LLC 

40,000 

8.30 

8.30 

9/30/21 

7.10 

6.75 

9/30/26 

5.0 

0.60 

0.21 

Total 

1,206,723 

Weighted
 Average 

4.49 

4.64 

4.77 

4.66 

4.2 

0.15 

0.12 

(1) 
 Amount
 calculated based on the total cost divided by the square feet, divided by the renewal term. 

These
ten lease renewals have a U.S. GAAP straight-line lease rate of 4.77 per square foot. The renewed initial cash rent per square foot
is 4.66. This compares to the former rent of 4.49 per square foot on a U.S. GAAP straight-line basis and the former cash rent of 4.64
per square foot, resulting in an increase of 6.2 on a U.S. GAAP straight-line basis and an increase of 0.4 on a cash basis. 

Effective
December 15, 2020, we entered into a 10.3 year lease with Hartford HealthCare Corporation for our previously vacant 55,000 square foot
facility located in Newington (Hartford), CT. The new lease has free rent for the first four months, after which initial annual rent
will be 288,000, representing 5.25 per square foot with 2.0 annual increases thereafter, resulting in a U.S. GAAP straight-line annualized
rent of 307,000, representing 5.60 per square foot over the life of the lease. Hartford HealthCare Corporation is rated investment-grade 
as defined by S P Global Ratings www.standardandpoors.com and by Moody s www.moodys.com ). 

40 

 Table of Contents 

Fiscal
2022 Renewals 

In
fiscal 2022, existing leases with respect to approximately 5 of our gross leasable area, representing seven leases totaling 1.2 million
square feet, were scheduled to expire. Two of these seven leases were renewed thus far, for a weighted average term of 6.8 years, at
a rental rate increase of 6.5 on a GAAP basis and flat on a cash basis. These two lease renewals represent 104,000 square feet, or 9 
of the square footage scheduled to expire in fiscal 2022. 

We
have incurred or we expect to incur leasing commission costs of 220,000 in connection with one of these lease renewals and we have incurred
or we expect to incur tenant improvement costs of 50,000 in connection with the other lease renewal. The table below summarizes the
terms of the two leases that were renewed. In addition, the table below includes both the tenant improvement costs and the leasing commission
costs, which are presented on a per square foot (PSF) basis averaged annually over the renewal terms. 

Property 
 Tenant 
 Square
 Feet 
 Former
 U.S. GAAP Straight- Line Rent PSF 
 Former
 Cash Rent PSF 
 Former
 Lease Expiration 
 Renewal
 U.S GAAP Straight- Line Rent PSF 
 Renewal
 Initial Cash Rent PSF 
 Renewal
 Lease Expiration 
 Renewal
 Term (years) 
 Tenant
 Improvement Cost PSF over Renewal Term (1) 
 Leasing
 Commission Cost PSF over Renewal Term (1) 

Houston,
 TX 
 National
 Oilwell Varco 
 91,925 
 8.26 
 8.44 
 9/30/22 
 8.88 
 8.44 
 9/30/29 
 7.0 
 -0- 
 0.34 
 
 Burr
 Ridge, IL 
 Sherwin-Williams 
 12,500 
 12.80 
 12.94 
 10/31/21 
 12.99 
 12.94 
 10/31/26 
 5.0 
 0.80 
 -0- 

Total 
 104,425 

Weighted
 Average 

8.80 
 8.98 
 
 9.37 
 8.98 
 
 6.8 
 0.07 
 0.31 

(1) Amount
 calculated based on the total cost divided by the square feet, divided by the renewal term. 

These
two lease renewals have a U.S. GAAP straight-line lease rate of 9.37 per square foot. The renewed initial cash rent per square foot
is 8.98. This compares to the former rent of 8.80 per square foot on a U.S. GAAP straight-line basis and the former cash rent of 8.98
per square foot, resulting in an increase of 6.5 on a U.S. GAAP straight-line basis and flat on a cash basis. 

Our
105,000 square foot facility located in Cheektowaga (Buffalo), NY is leased to Sonwil Distribution Center, Inc. through January 31, 2022.
This tenant informed us that they will not be renewing their lease. We recently entered into a new seven-year lease agreement for this
facility with UPS which becomes effective February 1, 2022 through January 31, 2029. The lease with UPS provides for initial annual rent
of 683,000, representing 6.50 per square foot with 2.0 annual increases thereafter, resulting in a U.S. GAAP straight-line annualized
rent of 725,000, representing 6.90 per square foot over the life of the lease. This compares to the former U.S. GAAP straight-line
rent and former cash rent of 6.00 per square foot, resulting in an increase in the average lease rate of 15.0 on a U.S. GAAP
straight-line basis and an increase of 8.3 on a cash basis. This lease to UPS, along with the two lease renewals in the table above,
results in a weighted average term of 6.9 years, at a rental rate increase of 10.0 on a GAAP basis and an increase of 3.3 on a cash
basis. These three leases represent 209,000 square feet, or 18 of the expiring square footage for fiscal 2022. 

Also
not included in the table above is our 185,000 square foot facility located in Granite City (St. Louis, MO), IL that is leased to Anheuser-Busch
through November 30, 2021. Anheuser-Busch renewed for only four months, until March 31, 2022, after which it is expected that they will
be moving out. The four month extension provides for rent at an annualized rate of 150 of its current rent resulting in an annualized
rent of 1.3 million, representing 7.04 per square foot. This compares to the former U.S. GAAP straight-line rent of 4.36 and former
cash rent of 4.70 per square foot. 

Fiscal
2021 Acquisitions 

On
December 17, 2020, we purchased a newly constructed 500,000 square foot industrial building, situated on 100.0 acres, located in the
Columbus, OH MSA. The building is 100 net-leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. for 15 years through September 2035. The purchase
price was 73.3 million. We obtained a 15 year, fully-amortizing mortgage loan of 47.0 million at a fixed interest rate of 2.95 . Annual
rental revenue over the remaining term of the lease averages 4.6 million. 

41 

 Table of Contents 

On
December 24, 2020, we purchased a newly constructed 658,000 square foot industrial building, situated on 130.2 acres, located in the
Atlanta, GA MSA. The building is 100 net-leased to Home Depot U.S.A., Inc. for 20 years through November 2040. The purchase price was
 95.9 million. We obtained a 17 year, fully-amortizing mortgage loan of 57.0 million at a fixed interest rate of 3.25 . Annual rental
revenue over the remaining term of the lease averages 5.5 million. 

On
July 29, 2021, we purchased a newly constructed 144,000 square foot industrial building, situated on 43.4 acres, located in the Burlington,
VT MSA. The building is 100 net-leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. for 15 years through May 2036. The property was acquired
for a purchase price of 54.8 million. Annual rental revenue over the remaining term of the lease averages 3.2 million. Subsequent to
the closing of the purchase, we obtained a mortgage loan commitment for a 15 year, fully-amortizing mortgage loan of 35.5 million at
a fixed interest rate of 2.50 . 

On
August 25, 2021, we purchased a newly constructed 259,000 square foot industrial building, situated on 42.6 acres, located in the Knoxville,
TN MSA. The building is 100 net-leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. for 15 years through May 2036. The property was acquired
for a purchase price of 34.4 million. Annual rental revenue over the remaining term of the lease averages 2.0 million. Subsequent to
the closing of the purchase, we obtained a mortgage loan commitment for a 15 year, fully-amortizing mortgage loan of 22.3 million at
a fixed interest rate of 2.50 . 

Subsequent
to fiscal yearend, on October 27, 2021, we purchased a newly constructed 291,000 square foot industrial building, situated on 46.0 acres,
located in the Birmingham, AL MSA. The building is 100 net-leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. for 15 years through July 2036.
The property was acquired for a purchase price of 30.2 million. Annual rental revenue over the remaining term of the lease averages
 1.7 million. We obtained a mortgage loan commitment for a 15 year, fully-amortizing mortgage loan of 19.3 million at a fixed interest
rate of 2.40 , which has not yet closed. 

FedEx
Ground Package System, Inc. s ultimate parent, FedEx Corporation, and Home Depot U.S.A., Inc s ultimate parent, Home Depot,
Inc., are publicly-listed companies and financial information related to these entities are available at the SEC s website, www.sec.gov .
The references in this report to the SEC s website are not intended to and do not include, or incorporate by reference into this
report, the information on the www.sec.gov website . 

Fiscal
2021 Disposition 

On
April 15, 2021, we sold our 60,400 square foot building located in Carlstadt, NJ which is in the New York, NY MSA, for 13.0 million.
Prior to the sale, we owned a 51 interest in this property. Our 51 portion of the sale proceeds resulted in a U.S. GAAP net realized
gain applicable to common shareholders of approximately 3.3 million, representing a 159 gain over the depreciated U.S. GAAP basis and
a net realized gain over our historic undepreciated cost basis of approximately 2.6 million, representing a 96 net gain over our historic
undepreciated cost basis. 

Comparison
of Year Ended September 30, 2021 to Year Ended September 30, 2020 

The
following tables summarize our rental revenue, reimbursement revenue, real estate taxes, operating expenses, and depreciation expense
by category. For the purposes of the following discussion, Same Properties are properties owned as of October 1, 2019 that have not been
subsequently expanded or sold. 

Acquired
Properties are properties that were acquired subsequent to September 30, 2019. Nine properties were acquired during fiscal 2021 and fiscal
2020. Acquired Properties include the properties located in Greenwood (Indianapolis), IN; Lancaster (Columbus),OH; Whitsett (Greensboro),
NC; Ogden (Salt Lake City), UT and Oklahoma City, OK (all acquired in fiscal 2020) and Plain City (Columbus), OH; Locust Grove (Atlanta),
GA; Burlington, VT and Kodak (Knoxville), TN (all acquired in fiscal 2021). 

Expanded
Properties include properties that were expanded subsequent to September 30, 2019. During fiscal 2021 and 2020, there were two property
expansions completed at the properties located in Olathe (Kansas City), KS and Halfmoon (Albany), NY. 

42 

 Table of Contents 

Sold
Properties consists of one property we sold during fiscal 2021 which was a 60,400 square foot building located in Carlstadt, NJ which
is in the New York, NY MSA, for a gross sales price of 13.0 million. Prior to the sale, we owned a 51 interest in this property. 

As
of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the overall occupancy rate of our total property portfolio was 99.7 and 99.4 , respectively. 

Rental
 Revenues in thousands) 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Change 
 
 Chang e 
 
 Same
 Properties 
 132,351 
 131,882 
 469 
 0 
 
 Acquired
 Properties 
 19,442 
 6,846 
 12,596 
 184 
 
 Expanded
 Properties 
 3,053 
 2,685 
 368 
 14 
 
 Sold
 Properties 
 198 
 170 
 28 
 16 
 
 Total 
 155,044 
 141,583 
 13,461 
 10 

The
increase in rental revenues is mainly due to the increase from the newly Acquired Properties. 

Reimbursement
 Revenues in thousands) 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 
 
 Same
 Properties 
 26,098 
 25,244 
 854 
 3 
 
 Acquired
 Properties 
 1,022 
 326 
 696 
 213 
 
 Expanded
 Properties 
 475 
 477 
 (2 
 0 
 
 Sold
 Properties 
 117 
 187 
 (70 
 (37 
 
 Total 
 27,712 
 26,234 
 1,478 
 6 

Our
single-tenant properties are subject to net leases, which require the tenants to absorb the real estate taxes, insurance and the majority
of the repairs and maintenance. As such, we are reimbursed by the tenants for these expenses. Therefore, the increase in reimbursement
revenues is offset by the increase in Real Estate Taxes and the increase in Operating Expenses, which includes insurance, repairs and
maintenance and other operating expenses. The increase in reimbursement revenues from Same Properties is due to the increase in Same
Properties real estate taxes and operating expenses reimbursed to us from our tenants. In addition, the increase in reimbursement revenues
is also due to the increase from the newly Acquired Properties. For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, Reimbursement
Revenue as a percentage of Real Estate Taxes and Operating Expenses was 96.3 and 96.8 , respectively. 

Real
 Estate Taxes in thousands) 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 
 
 Same
 Properties 
 20,696 
 19,408 
 1,288 
 7 
 
 Acquired
 Properties 
 580 
 209 
 371 
 178 
 
 Expanded
 Properties 
 460 
 463 
 (3 
 (1 
 
 Sold
 Properties 
 62 
 113 
 (51 
 (45 
 
 Total 
 21,798 
 20,193 
 1,605 
 8 

The
increase in real estate taxes is mainly due to the increase in assessment values from Same Properties, which were mostly billed back
to the tenants and offset the increase in the Reimbursement Revenues from Same Properties. Additionally, the increase is due to the newly
Acquired Properties. 

Operating
 Expenses in thousands) 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 
 
 Same
 Properties 
 6,517 
 6,761 
 (244 
 (4 
 
 Acquired
 Properties 
 351 
 39 
 312 
 800 
 
 Expanded
 Properties 
 50 
 37 
 13 
 35 
 
 Sold
 Properties 
 66 
 82 
 (16 
 (20 
 
 Total 
 6,984 
 6,919 
 65 
 1 

The
increase in operating expenses is mainly due to the newly Acquired Properties. 

43 

 Table of Contents 

Net
 Operating Income (NOI) in thousands) 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 
 
 Same
 Properties 
 131,236 
 130,959 
 277 
 0 
 
 Acquired
 Properties 
 19,533 
 6,924 
 12,609 
 182 
 
 Expanded
 Properties 
 3,018 
 2,662 
 356 
 13 
 
 Sold
 Properties 
 187 
 160 
 27 
 17 
 
 Total 
 153,974 
 140,705 
 13,269 
 9 

The
increase in NOI is mainly due to the newly Acquired Properties. 

The revenue and expense items related to property operations discussed above are components of NOI which are recurring Rental and Reimbursement
Revenue, less Real Estate Taxes and Operating Expenses. NOI is a non-GAAP performance measure. See Item 7 Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation Overview for a reconciliation of our Net Operating
Income to our Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Common Shareholders. 

Depreciation
 in thousands) 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 
 
 Same
 Properties 
 42,958 
 42,855 
 103 
 0 
 
 Acquired
 Properties 
 7,228 
 2,611 
 4,617 
 177 
 
 Expanded
 Properties 
 1,010 
 865 
 145 
 17 
 
 Sold
 Properties 
 52 
 105 
 (53 
 (50 
 
 Corporate
 Office 
 230 
 234 
 (4 
 (2 
 
 Total 
 51,478 
 46,670 
 4,808 
 10 

The
increase in depreciation expense is mainly due to the newly acquired properties. 

Interest
 Expense, excluding Amortization of Financing Costs in thousands) 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 
 
 Same
 Properties 
 26,215 
 28,579 
 (2,364 
 (8 
 
 Acquired
 Properties 
 6,085 
 2,465 
 3,620 
 147 
 
 Expanded
 Properties 
 670 
 720 
 (50 
 (7 
 
 Sold
 Properties 
 170 
 69 
 101 
 146 
 
 Loans
 Payable 
 3,356 
 3,130 
 226 
 7 
 
 Total 
 36,496 
 34,963 
 1,533 
 4 

The
increase in interest expense was mainly due to the increase in Acquired Properties due to two new loans totaling 104.0 million
for properties acquired in Plain City (Columbus), OH and Locust Grove (Atlanta), GA. The decrease in Same Properties was mainly due to
the reduction in the outstanding fixed rate mortgage balances related to these properties. The outstanding fixed rate mortgage balances
related to these properties was reduced due to regularly scheduled principal amortization payments made during fiscal 2021, including
the repayment of four mortgage loans for our properties located in Kansas City, MO, Topeka, KS, Carlstadt (New York, NY), NJ and Houston,
TX. These four loans were at a weighted average interest rate of 5.35 . The weighted average interest rate on our fixed rate debt decreased
from 3.98 as of September 30, 2020 to 3.86 as of September 30, 2021. In addition, the increase in interest expense for Sold Properties
is due to a 134,000 prepayment penalty included in interest expense that was incurred when the mortgage was paid off in connection with
the sale of the property located in Carlstadt (New York, NY), NJ. The increase in interest expense for Loans Payable is due to a 175.0
million increase in the outstanding Loan Payable balance 90.0 million was drawn down during the third quarter of fiscal 2021 and 85.0
million was drawn down during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021) from September 30, 2020 to September 30, 2021 offset by a decrease in
the weighted average interest rate from 2.92 as of September 30, 2020 to 1.95 as of September 30, 2021. 

44 

 Table of Contents 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses increased 421,000, or 5 , during fiscal 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020. The increase was primarily due
to purchasing a Director Officer Insurance Policy and an increase in Franchise Taxes. General and administrative expenses, as a
percentage of gross revenue, (which includes Rental Revenue, Reimbursement Revenue and Dividend Income), remained flat at 5.0 for fiscal
year 2021 and 2020. General and administrative expenses, as a percentage of undepreciated assets (which is our total assets excluding
accumulated depreciation), decreased by 7.5 to 37 basis points from 40 basis points for the fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Non-recurring
Strategic Alternatives Proxy Costs 

During
the fiscal year 2021, we incurred Non-recurring Strategic Alternatives Proxy Costs of 35.9 million related to the strategic
alternatives review process approved by our Board of Directors, our proposed merger with EQC and the related shareholder meeting and
proxy processes, the termination of the EQC merger agreement (including reimbursement of certain transaction expenses incurred
by EQC), the Release and Settlement Agreement and the Cooperation Agreement with our former general counsel and Blackwells. 

Dividend
Income 

Many
REITs reduced their dividends in 2020 due to the COVID-19 Pandemic. Dividend Income decreased 4.3 million, or 41 , during fiscal 2021
as compared to fiscal 2020. This decrease is due to reduced dividends from our REIT securities portfolio. The REIT securities portfolio s
weighted average yield was approximately 4.5 during fiscal 2021 as compared to 6.4 for fiscal 2020. We held 143.5 million in marketable
REIT securities as of September 30, 2021, representing 5.6 of our undepreciated assets. 

Preferred
Dividend Expense 

Preferred
Dividend Expense increased 6.9 million, or 26 , during fiscal 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020. This increase is due to the 3.1 million
shares we sold of our 6.125 Series C Preferred Stock under the Preferred Stock ATM Program during the first quarter of the fiscal year
ended September 30, 2021 at a weighted average price of 24.88 per share which generated net proceeds, after offering expenses, of 76.0
million. 

Comparison
of Year Ended September 30, 2020 to Year Ended September 30, 2019 

The
following tables summarize our rental revenue, reimbursement revenue, real estate taxes, operating expenses, and depreciation expense
by category. For the purposes of the following discussion, Same Properties are properties owned as of October 1, 2018 that have not been
subsequently expanded or sold. 

Acquired
Properties are properties that were acquired subsequent to September 30, 2018. Eight properties were acquired during fiscal 2020 and
fiscal 2019. Acquired Properties include the properties located in Trenton, NJ; Savannah, GA and Lafayette, IN (all acquired in fiscal
2019) and Greenwood (Indianapolis), IN; Lancaster (Columbus),OH; Whitsett (Greensboro), NC; Ogden (Salt Lake City), UT and Oklahoma City,
OK (all acquired in fiscal 2020). 

Expanded
Properties include properties that were expanded subsequent to September 30, 2018. During fiscal 2020 and 2019, there was one property
expansion completed at the property located in Monroe (Cincinnati), OH. 

As
of September 30, 2020 and 2019, the overall occupancy rate of our total property portfolio was 99.4 and 98.9 , respectively. 

Rental
 Revenues in thousands) 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 
 
 Same
 Properties 
 123,882 
 123,821 
 61 
 0 
 
 Acquired
 Properties 
 15,653 
 7,073 
 8,580 
 121 
 
 Expanded
 Properties 
 2,048 
 1,630 
 418 
 26 
 
 Total 
 141,583 
 132,524 
 9,059 
 7 

45 

 Table of Contents 

The
increase in rental revenues is mainly due to the increase from the newly Acquired Properties and Expanded Properties. 

Reimbursement
 Revenues in thousands) 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 
 
 Same
 Properties 
 24,443 
 21,925 
 2,518 
 11 
 
 Acquired
 Properties 
 1,750 
 358 
 1,392 
 389 
 
 Expanded
 Properties 
 41 
 14 
 27 
 193 
 
 Total 
 26,234 
 22,297 
 3,937 
 18 

Our
single-tenant properties are subject to net leases, which require the tenants to absorb the real estate taxes, insurance and the majority
of the repairs and maintenance. As such, we are reimbursed by the tenants for these expenses. Therefore, the increase in reimbursement
revenues is offset by the increase in Real Estate Taxes and the increase in Operating Expenses, which includes insurance, repairs and
maintenance and other operating expenses. In addition, the increase in reimbursement revenues is mainly due to the increase from the
newly Acquired Properties. The increase in reimbursement revenues from Same Properties is due to the increase in Same Properties real
estate taxes and operating expenses reimbursed to us from our tenants. For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, Reimbursement
Revenue as a percentage of Real Estate Taxes and Operating Expenses was 96.8 and 95.0 , respectively. 

Real
 Estate Taxes in thousands) 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 
 
 Same
 Properties 
 18,571 
 16,658 
 1,913 
 11 
 
 Acquired
 Properties 
 1,622 
 352 
 1,270 
 361 
 
 Expanded
 Properties 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 0 
 
 Total 
 20,193 
 17,010 
 3,183 
 19 

The
increase in real estate taxes is mainly due to the increase in assessment values from Same Properties, which were mostly billed back
to the tenants and offset the increase in the Reimbursement Revenues from Same Properties. Additionally, the increase is due to the newly
Acquired Properties. 

Operating
 Expenses in thousands) 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 
 
 Same
 Properties 
 6,789 
 6,402 
 387 
 6 
 
 Acquired
 Properties 
 113 
 42 
 71 
 169 
 
 Expanded
 Properties 
 17 
 20 
 (3 
 (15 
 
 Total 
 6,919 
 6,464 
 455 
 7 

The
increase in operating expenses is mainly due to the repair and maintenance at Same Properties, which were mostly billed back to the tenants
and offset the increase in the Reimbursement Revenues from Same Properties. Additionally, the increase is due to the newly Acquired Properties. 

Net
 Operating Income (NOI) in thousands) 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 
 
 Same
 Properties 
 122,995 
 122,687 
 308 
 0 
 
 Acquired
 Properties 
 15,668 
 7,037 
 8,631 
 123 
 
 Expanded
 Properties 
 2,042 
 1,623 
 419 
 26 
 
 Total 
 140,705 
 131,347 
 9,358 
 7 

The
increase in NOI is mainly due to the newly Acquired Properties. 

The revenue and expense items related to property operations discussed above are components of NOI which are recurring Rental and Reimbursement
Revenue, less Real Estate Taxes and Operating Expenses. NOI is a non-GAAP performance measure. See Item 7 Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation Overview for a reconciliation of our Net Operating
Income to our Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Common Shareholders. 

46 

 Table of Contents 

Depreciation
 in thousands) 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 

Same
 Properties 
 40,189 
 39,554 
 635 
 2 
 
 Acquired
 Properties 
 5,740 
 2,550 
 3,190 
 125 
 
 Expanded
 Properties 
 508 
 414 
 94 
 23 
 
 Corporate
 Office 
 233 
 502 
 (269 
 (54 
 
 Total 
 46,670 
 43,020 
 3,650 
 8 

The
increase in depreciation expense is mainly due to the newly acquired properties. 

Interest
 Expense, excluding Amortization of Financing Costs in thousands) 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 
 
 Same
 Properties 
 25,313 
 27,569 
 2,256 
 (8 
 
 Acquired
 Properties 
 6,019 
 2,583 
 3,436 
 133 
 
 Expanded
 Properties 
 501 
 262 
 239 
 91 
 
 Loans
 Payable 
 3,130 
 5,245 
 (2,115 
 (40 
 
 Total 
 34,963 
 35,659 
 (696 
 (2 

The
decrease in interest expense was mainly due to the decrease in Same Properties and the decrease in Loans Payable which was partially
offset with the increase in Acquired Properties due to the new loans obtained in connection with the acquisition of new properties. The
decrease in Same Properties was mainly due to the reduction in the outstanding fixed rate mortgage balances related to these properties.
The outstanding fixed rate mortgage balances related to these properties was reduced due to regularly scheduled principal amortization
payments made during fiscal 2020, including the repayment of two self-amortizing mortgage loans for our properties located in Augusta,
GA and Huntsville, AL. These two loans were at a weighted average interest rate of 5.52 . In addition, the weighted average interest
rate on our fixed rate debt decreased from 4.03 as of September 30, 2019 to 3.98 as of September 30, 2020. The decrease in interest
expense for Loans Payable is due to a combination of a 20.0 million decrease in the outstanding Loan Payable balance from September
30, 2019 to September 30, 2020 and a decrease in the interest rate from 3.74 as of September 30, 2019 to 2.92 as of September 30, 2020. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses decreased 149,000, or 2 , during fiscal 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019. The decrease was primarily due
to employee headcount reduction and a decrease in travel expenses. General and administrative expenses, as a percentage of gross revenue,
(which includes Rental Revenue, Reimbursement Revenue and Dividend Income), decreased by 6 to 5.0 for fiscal year 2020 from 5.3 for
fiscal year 2019. General and administrative expenses, as a percentage of undepreciated assets (which is our total assets excluding accumulated
depreciation), decreased by 7 to 40 basis points from 43 basis points for the fiscal years 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

Non-recurring
Severance Expense 

On
December 23, 2019, our former General Counsel, announced her retirement effective December 31, 2019. In connection with her severance
package, during the first quarter of fiscal 2020, we incurred a one-time, Non-recurring Severance Expense of 786,000. 

Dividend
Income 

Many
REITs reduced their dividends in 2020 due to the COVID-19 Pandemic. Dividend Income decreased 4.7 million, or 31 , during fiscal 2020
as compared to fiscal 2019. This decrease is due to reduced dividends from our REIT securities portfolio. The REIT securities portfolio s
weighted average yield was approximately 6.4 during fiscal 2020 as compared to 8.5 for fiscal 2019. We held 108.8 million in marketable
REIT securities as of September 30, 2020, representing 4.9 of our undepreciated assets. 

47 

 Table of Contents 

Preferred
Dividend Expense 

Preferred
Dividend Expense increased 7.7 million, or 41 , during fiscal 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019. This increase is due to the 5.0 million
shares we sold of our 6.125 Series C Preferred Stock under the Preferred Stock ATM Program during the fiscal year ended September 30,
2020 at a weighted average price of 25.04 per share which generated net proceeds, after offering expenses, of 122.4 million. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have not entered into any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

We
operate as a REIT deriving our income primarily from real estate rental operations. Our shareholders equity increased 57.1
million from 1.04 billion as of September 30, 2020 to 1.09 billion as of September 30, 2021. Our shareholders equity
increased due to Net Income Attributable to Common Shareholders of 44.8 million, the issuance of 88,000 shares of common stock
for total proceeds of 1.4 million through the DRIP, stock compensation expense of 287,000, exercise of stock options consisting of
189,000 shares for total proceeds of 2.4 million and issuance of 3.1 million shares of our 6.125 Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred
Stock issued in connection with the Preferred Stock ATM Program for total proceeds, net of offering costs, in the amount of 76.0 million
and a net decrease in unrealized loss on change in fair value of our interest rate swap agreement of 2.1 million. These increases were
partially offset by payments of cash distributions to common shareholders of 69.8 million. 

Our
ability to generate cash adequate to meet our needs is dependent primarily on income from our real estate investments, as well as our
securities portfolio, the sale of real estate investments and securities, refinancing of mortgage debt, leveraging of real estate investments,
availability of bank borrowings, proceeds from the DRIP, proceeds from public offerings and private placements of additional common or
preferred stock or other securities, and access to the capital markets. Purchases of new properties, payments of expenses related to
real estate operations, capital improvement programs, debt service, general and administrative expenses, and distribution requirements
place demands on our liquidity. 

We
intend to operate our properties from the cash flows generated by our properties. However, our expenses are affected by various factors,
including inflation. Increases in operating expenses are predominantly borne by the tenant. To the extent that these increases cannot
be passed on through rent reimbursements, these increases will reduce the amount of available cash flow which can adversely affect the
market value of the property. 

We
have used a variety of sources to fund our cash needs in addition to our free cash flow generated from our investments in net-leased
industrial properties. In the past, we considered selling marketable securities from our investment portfolio, borrowing on our unsecured
line of credit facility or securities margin loans, finance or refinance debt, or raising capital through registered direct placements,
and public offerings of common and preferred stock. We believe these sources of funds will provide sufficient funds to adequately meet
our obligations over the next few years. 

As
of September 30, 2021, we owned 122 properties, of which 60 are subject to fixed rate mortgages. We have a New Facility consisting of
a 225.0 million Revolver and a 75.0 million Term Loan, resulting in the total potential availability under both the Revolver and the
Term Loan of 300.0 million. In addition, the Revolver includes an accordion feature that will allow the total potential availability
under the New Facility to further increase to 400.0 million, under certain conditions. Availability the New Facility is limited to 60 
of the value of the borrowing base properties. As of September 30, 2021, we have 175.0 million drawn down under the Revolver and we
have 75.0 million outstanding under the Term Loan. In addition, as of September 30, 2021, we had 48.6 million in Cash and Cash Equivalents
and 143.5 million in marketable securities. 

We
also may use margin loans from time to time for purchasing securities, for temporary funding of acquisitions, and for working capital
purposes. At September 30, 2021 and 2020, there were no amounts drawn down under the margin loan. The interest rate charged on the margin
loans is the bank s margin rate is 0.75 . The margin loans are due on demand and are collateralized by our securities portfolio.
We must maintain a coverage ratio of approximately 50 . 

48 

 Table of Contents 

Our
focus is on real estate investments. We have historically financed purchases of real estate primarily through long-term, fixed rate,
amortizing mortgages. 

During
fiscal 2021, we purchased four industrial properties totaling 1.6 million square feet situated on 316.2 acres resulting in a very expansive
land to building ratio of 8.8 to 1. All four properties are leased to investment-grade tenants or their subsidiaries, with net-leased
terms ranging from 15 to 20 years, resulting in a weighted average lease maturity of 17.1 years. Three of the four properties, consisting
of 903,000 square feet, or 58 of the total square footage of the four properties, are leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc., a
subsidiary of FedEx Corporation (FDX). The aggregate purchase price for the four properties was 258.4 million. These four properties
are located in the following Metropolitan Statistical Areas (MSAs): Columbus, OH, Atlanta, GA, Burlington, VT and Knoxville, TN. These
four properties are expected to generate annualized rental income over the life of their leases of 15.2 million. In connection with
two of the four properties acquired during the 2021 fiscal year, we entered into one 17 year, fully-amortizing mortgage loan and one
15 year, fully-amortizing mortgage loan. In connection with the remaining two properties acquired during the 2021 fiscal year, we entered
into commitments for two, 15 year, fully-amortizing mortgage loans, which have not yet closed. These four fully-amortizing loans have
a weighted average term of 15.7 years. The principal amount of the four mortgage loans originally totaled 161.8 million with fixed interest
rates ranging from 2.50 to 3.25 , resulting in a weighted average fixed interest rate of 2.89 . 

Subsequent
to fiscal yearend, on October 27, 2021, we purchased a newly constructed 291,000 square foot industrial building, situated on 46.0 acres,
located in the Birmingham, AL MSA. The building is 100 net-leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. for 15 years through July 2036.
The purchase price was 30.2 million. We obtained a mortgage loan commitment for a 15 year, fully-amortizing mortgage loan of 19.3 million
at a fixed interest rate of 2.40 which has not yet closed. Annual rental revenue over the remaining term of the lease averages 1.7
million. 

In
addition to the 30.2 million property purchased subsequent to our fiscal yearend, as described above, we have entered into agreements
to purchase three, new build-to-suit, industrial buildings that are currently being developed in Alabama, Georgia and Texas, totaling
1.1 million square feet. These future acquisitions have net-leased terms ranging from 10 to 15 years with a weighted average lease term
of 12.6 years. The total purchase price for these three properties is 126.8 million. Two of these three properties, consisting of an
aggregate of 563,000 square feet, or 52 of the total leasable area, are leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. All three properties
are leased to companies, or subsidiaries of companies, that are considered Investment Grade by S P Global Ratings www.standardandpoors.com and by Moody s www.moodys.com ). Subject to satisfactory due diligence and other customary closing conditions and requirements,
we anticipate closing all three of these transactions during fiscal 2022. 

We
have several FedEx Ground parking expansion projects in progress with more under discussion. Currently there are nine parking expansion
projects underway, which we expect to cost approximately 42.6 million. These parking expansion projects will enable us to capture additional
rent while lengthening the terms of these leases. We are also in discussions to expand the parking at eight additional locations bringing
the total recently completed and likely future parking lot expansion projects to 18 currently. 

Due
to the proliferation of ecommerce sales and last mile deliveries, it is important to take into account the large amounts of real estate
utilized for trailer, van, and car parking at many of our properties in determining how our in-place rental rates compare to market rental
rates for properties being used in a similar manner. Rents per square foot on properties that may be nearby, but have only limited acreage
devoted to parking, are poor comparisons as they cannot accommodate the same tenant needs. 

We
may have additional acquisitions and expansions in fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2023, and the funds for these acquisitions may come from funds
generated from operations, mortgages, draws on our unsecured line of credit facility, cash on hand, sale of marketable securities, other
bank borrowings, proceeds from the DRIP and proceeds from private placements and public offerings of additional common or preferred stock
or other securities. To the extent that funds or appropriate properties are not available, fewer acquisitions will be made. 

49 

 Table of Contents 

We
also invest in marketable securities of other REITs. We limit the size of this portfolio to no more than approximately 5 of our undepreciated
assets, which we define as total assets excluding accumulated depreciation. Our REIT securities portfolio provides us with diversification,
income, and is a source of potential liquidity when needed. We normally hold REIT securities long-term and have the ability and intent
to hold these securities to recovery. During fiscal 2021, our securities portfolio increased 34.7 million, mainly due to the increase
in the net unrealized gain of 50.2 million. In addition, during fiscal 2021, our securities portfolio earned dividend income of 6.2
million. In general, we may borrow up to 50 of the value of the marketable securities, which was 143.5 million as of September 30,
2021. As of September 30, 2021, we did not have any borrowings under our margin line. 

Cash
flows provided by operating activities were 84.8 million, 98.9 million and 100.7 million for fiscal years ended September 30, 2021,
2020 and 2019, respectively. The decrease in cash flows provided from operating activities from fiscal 2020 to fiscal 2021 is primarily
due to Non-recurring Strategic Alternatives Proxy Costs of 35.9 million offset from an increase in cash from income generated
from acquisitions of properties. The slight decrease in cash flows provided from operating activities from fiscal 2019 to fiscal 2020
is primarily due to a 4.0 million decrease in cash collected from tenant and other receivables due to the timing of billings and a 2.8
million increase in cash used for other assets and capitalized lease costs, mostly offset from an increase in cash from income generated
from acquisitions of properties. 

Cash
flows used in investing activities were 237.8 million, 180.7 million and 213.6 million for fiscal years ended September 30, 2021,
2020 and 2019, respectively. The increase in Cash flows used in investing activities from fiscal 2021 as compared to 2020 was mainly
due to an increase in Purchase of Real Estate Intangible assets offset by proceeds from the Sale of Securities Available for Sale.
The decrease in Cash flows used in investing activities from fiscal 2020 as compared to 2019 was mainly because we did not have any cash
purchases of securities available for sale during fiscal 2020, partially offset by an increase in purchase of real estate. 

Cash
flows provided by financing activities were 178.1 million, 85.2 million and 123.7 million for fiscal years ended September 30, 2021,
2020 and 2019, respectively. Cash flows from financing activities increased in fiscal 2021 as compared to 2020 mainly due to an increase
in Net Draws on Loans Payable of 195.0 million offset by a reduction of 46.4 million decrease in proceeds received from the Preferred
Stock ATM program, 18.5 million decrease in proceeds received from the DRIP program, 9.9 million increase in common dividends paid,
 7.2 million increase in preferred dividends paid and an increase of 15.9 million of principal payments in Fixed Rate Mortgage Notes
Payable. Cash flows from financing activities decreased in fiscal 2020 as compared to 2019 mainly due to the proceeds received from a
common stock offering of 132.3 million that was completed in fiscal 2019 and a 38.3 million reduction in dividend reinvestments, partially
offset by a 71.6 million reduction on the amount of repayments made towards our loans payable and a 64.2 million increase in proceeds
received from the Preferred Stock ATM program. In addition, we paid cash dividends (net of reinvestments), of 68.7 million, 58.8 million
and 46.9 million for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

As
of September 30, 2021, we had total assets of 2.2 billion and liabilities of 1.1 billion. Our total debt to total market capitalization
as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 was 31 and 32 , respectively. Our net debt (net of cash and cash equivalents) to total market capitalization
as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 was 30 and 31 , respectively. Our net debt, less securities (net of cash and cash equivalents and
net of securities) to total market capitalization as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 was 26 and 27 , respectively. As of September 30,
2021, the weighted average loan maturity of our Mortgage Notes Payable was 10.9 years. We believe that we have the ability to meet our
obligations and to generate funds for new investments. 

We
have a DRIP, in which participants can purchase our stock at a price of approximately 95 of market value. Amounts received in connection
with the DRIP, (including dividend reinvestments of 1.0 million, 7.6 million and 16.9 million for the fiscal years ended September
30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively) were 1.4 million, 26.4 million and 74.0 million for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021,
2020 and 2019, respectively. In January 2021, when our Board of Directors unanimously decided to explore strategic alternatives to maximize
shareholder value, the Board also determined to temporarily suspend our DRIP program during this process. Because the exploration of
strategic alternative process is still ongoing, the DRIP program remains suspended. 

50 

 Table of Contents 

During
fiscal 2021, we paid total distributions to holders of our common stock of 69.8 million, or 0.71 per common share. Of the dividends
paid, 1.0 million was reinvested pursuant to the terms of the DRIP. On October 1, 2021, our Board of Directors approved a cash dividend
of 0.18 per share, to be paid on December 15, 2021, to common shareholders of record at the close of business on November 15, 2021,
which represents an annualized common dividend rate of 0.72 per share. We intend to pay these distributions from cash flows from operations. 

On
January 14, 2021, our Board of Directors approved a 5.9 increase in our quarterly common stock dividend, raising it to 0.18 per share
from 0.17 per share. This represents an annualized dividend rate of 0.72 per share. This increase represents the third dividend increase
in the past five years, representing a total increase of 20 . We have maintained or increased our common stock cash dividend for 30 consecutive
years. We are one of the few REITs that maintained our dividend throughout the Global Financial Crisis. 

During
fiscal 2021, we paid 33.0 million in preferred stock dividends and accrued 396,000 of preferred stock dividends. 

On
November 25, 2020, we entered into a Preferred Stock At-The-Market Sales Agreement Program (Preferred Stock ATM Program) with B. Riley
FBR., or B. Riley, providing for the offer and sale from time to time of up to 150.0 million of our 6.125 Series C Preferred Stock,
which replaced a previous Preferred Stock ATM Program entered into on December 4, 2019 (which itself had replaced an earlier Preferred
Stock ATM Program). 

Sales
of shares of our 6.125 Series C Preferred Stock under our Preferred Stock ATM Program are in at the market offerings as
defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act, including, without limitation, sales made directly on or through the NYSE, or on any other
existing trading market for the 6.125 Series C Preferred Stock, or to or through a market maker, or any other method permitted by law,
including, without limitation, negotiated transactions and block trades. We began selling shares through the first of these programs
on July 3, 2017. Since inception through September 30, 2021, we sold 13.6 million shares of our 6.125 Series C Preferred Stock under
these programs at a weighted average price of 24.91 per share, and generated net proceeds, after offering expenses, of 332.4 million,
of which 3.1 million shares were sold during the 2021 fiscal year at a weighted average price of 24.88 per share, generating net proceeds
after offering expenses of 76.0 million. No shares were sold pursuant to the Preferred Stock ATM Program since December 31, 2020. Our
Preferred Stock ATM Program has since expired. 

We
are required to pay cumulative dividends on our 6.125 Series C Preferred Stock in the amount of 1.53125 per share per year, which is
equivalent to 6.125 of the 25.00 liquidation value per share. As of September 30, 2021, we have a total of 22.0 million shares of 6.125 
Series C Preferred Stock outstanding, representing an aggregate liquidation preference of 549.6 million. 

During
fiscal 2020, the Company entered in a Common Stock ATM Program. To date, we have not raised any equity though our Common Stock ATM Program
and it has since expired. 

During
the year ended September 30, 2021, stock options to purchase 189,000 shares were exercised at a weighted average exercise price of 12.57
per share for total proceeds of 2.4 million. 

On
an ongoing basis, we fund capital expenditures, primarily to maintain our properties. These expenditures may also include expansions
as requested by tenants, or various tenant improvements on properties which are re-tenanted. The amounts of these expenditures can vary
from year to year depending on the age of the properties, tenant negotiations, market conditions and lease turnover. Our 122 properties,
totaling 24.9 million square feet, have a weighted average building age, based on the square footage of our buildings, of 10.2 years. 

During
the three fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, we completed a total of three property expansions, consisting of one
building expansion and two parking lot expansions. The building expansion resulted in 155,000 additional square feet. Total costs for
all three property expansions were 12.9 million and resulted in total increased annual rent of 1.2 million. One of these completed
expansions resulted in new ten-year lease extensions and one resulted in a new fifteen-year lease extension. The weighted average lease
extension for these three property expansions is 12.7 years. 

51 

 Table of Contents 

We
assess and measure our overall operating results based upon an industry performance measure referred to as Funds From Operations (FFO),
which we believe is a useful indicator of our operating performance. FFO is used by industry analysts and investors as a supplemental
operating performance measure of a REIT. FFO, as defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (Nareit), represents
net income attributable to common shareholders, as defined by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(U.S. GAAP), excluding gains or losses from sales of previously depreciated real estate assets, impairment charges related to depreciable
real estate assets, certain non-cash items such as real estate asset depreciation and amortization, plus our portion of these items related
to our consolidated investment that we have a non-controlling interest in. Included in the Nareit FFO White Paper - 2018 Restatement,
is an option pertaining to assets incidental to our main business in the calculation of Nareit FFO to make an election to include or
exclude mark-to-market changes in the value recognized on these marketable equity securities. In conjunction with the adoption of the
FFO White Paper - 2018 Restatement, for all periods presented, we have elected to exclude unrealized gains and losses from our investments
in marketable equity securities from our FFO calculation. Nareit created FFO as a non-GAAP supplemental measure of REIT operating performance.
Our calculation of Adjusted Funds From Operations (AFFO) differs from Nareit s definition of FFO because we exclude certain items
that we view as nonrecurring or impacting comparability from period to period. We define AFFO as FFO, excluding stock based compensation
expense, depreciation of corporate office tenant improvements, amortization of deferred financing costs, realized gain on sale of securities
transactions, lease termination income, non-recurring strategic alternatives proxy costs, non-recurring severance expense, effect
of non-cash U.S. GAAP straight-line rent adjustments and subtracting recurring capital expenditures, plus our portion of these items
related to our consolidated investment that we had a non-controlling interest in. We define recurring capital expenditures as all capital
expenditures that are recurring in nature, excluding capital expenditures related to expansions at our current locations or capital expenditures
that are incurred in conjunction with obtaining a new lease or a lease renewal. We believe that, as widely recognized measures of performance
used by other REITs, FFO and AFFO may be considered by investors as supplemental measures to compare our operating performance to those
of other REITs. FFO and AFFO exclude historical cost depreciation as an expense and may facilitate the comparison of REITs which have
a different cost basis. However, other REITs may use different methodologies to calculate FFO and AFFO and, accordingly, our FFO and
AFFO may not be comparable to all other REITs. The items excluded from FFO and AFFO are significant components in understanding our financial
performance. 

FFO
and AFFO are non-GAAP performance measures and (i) do not represent Cash Flow from Operations as defined by U.S. GAAP; (ii) should not
be considered as an alternative to Net Income or Net Income Attributable to Common Shareholders as a measure of operating performance
or to Cash Flows from Operating, Investing and Financing Activities; and (iii) are not an alternative to Cash Flows from Operating, Investing
and Financing Activities as a measure of liquidity. FFO and AFFO, as calculated by us, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures
reported by other REITs. 

The
following is a reconciliation of U.S. GAAP Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Common Shareholders to FFO and AFFO for the fiscal years
ended September 30 th (in thousands) : 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Net
 Income (Loss) Attributable to Common Shareholders 
 44,764 
 (48,617 
 11,026 
 
 Less/Plus:
 Unrealized Holding (Gains) Losses Arising During the Periods 
 (50,239 
 77,380 
 24,680 
 
 Plus:
 Depreciation Expense (Excluding Corporate Office) 
 51,223 
 46,385 
 42,472 
 
 Plus:
 Amortization of Intangible Assets 
 2,339 
 2,137 
 1,986 
 
 Plus:
 Amortization of Capitalized Lease Costs 
 1,256 
 1,124 
 972 
 
 Less:
 Realized Gain on Sale of Real Estate Investment (1) 
 (3,252 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 FFO
 Attributable to Common Shareholders (2) 
 46,091 
 78,409 
 81,136 
 
 Plus:
 Depreciation of Corporate Office Capitalized Costs 
 230 
 234 
 502 
 
 Plus:
 Stock Compensation Expense 
 287 
 452 
 784 
 
 Plus:
 Amortization of Financing Costs 
 1,365 
 1,410 
 1,250 
 
 Plus:
 Non-recurring Strategic Alternatives Proxy Costs 
 35,920 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 Plus:
 Non-recurring Severance Expense 
 -0- 
 786 
 -0- 
 
 Less:
 Realized Gain on Sale of Securities Transactions 
 (2,248 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 Less:
 Lease Termination Income 
 (377 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 Less:
 Effect of non-cash U.S. GAAP Straight-line Rent Adjustment 
 (3,010 
 (1,940 
 (1,931 
 
 Less:
 Recurring Capital Expenditures 
 (1,289 
 (2,453 
 (2,114 
 
 AFFO
 Attributable to Common Shareholders 
 76,969 
 76,898 
 79,627 

(1) 
 Fiscal
 2021 Realized Gain on Sale of Real Estate Investment represents our portion of the net realized gain from the sale of our property
 that we owned a 51 interest in. 
 
 (2) 
 FFO
 Attributable to Common Shareholders for the twelve months ended September 30, 2021 includes Non-recurring Strategic Alternatives
 Proxy Costs of 35.9 million. FFO Attributable to Common Shareholders for the twelve months ended September 30, 2021
 excluding these Non-recurring Strategic Alternatives Proxy Costs is 82.0 million. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

In
April 2020, FASB issued interpretive guidance relating to the accounting for lease concessions provided as a result of the COVID-19 Pandemic
that allows entities to treat the concession as if it was a part of the existing contract instead of applying lease modification accounting.
This guidance is only applicable to the COVID-19 Pandemic related lease concessions that do not result in a substantial increase in the
rights of the lessor or the obligations of the lessee. We have elected this option relating to qualifying rent deferral and rent abatement
agreements. For qualifying lease modifications with rent deferrals, this results in no change to our revenue recognition but an increase
in the lease receivable balance until the deferred rent has been repaid. For qualifying lease modifications that include rent abatement
concessions, this results in a direct reduction of rental income in the current period. 

We
do not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, if adopted, would have a material effect
on the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. 

52 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Market
risk includes risks that arise from changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, equity prices and other
market changes that affect market-sensitive instruments. The primary market risk to which we believe that we are exposed to is interest
rate risk. Our future income, cash flows and fair values relevant to financial instruments are dependent upon prevalent market interest
rates. Many factors, including governmental monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations
and other factors that are beyond our control contribute to interest rate risk. 

We
are exposed to interest rate changes primarily as a result of our unsecured line of credit facility, margin loans and long-term debt
used to maintain liquidity and fund capital expenditures and acquisitions of our real estate investment portfolio. Our interest rate
risk management objectives are to limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows and to lower our overall borrowing
costs. To achieve our objectives, we match our assets, which are properties secured by long-term leases, with our liabilities, which
are long-term fixed rate loans. 

As
of September 30, 2021, 839.6 million of our long-term debt bears a fixed weighted average interest rate of 3.86 . Therefore, changes
in market interest rates affect the fair value of these instruments. As of September 30, 2021, our variable rate debt consists of 75.0
million outstanding on our Term Loan and 175.0 million drawn down under our 225.0 million Revolver. To reduce floating interest rate
exposure under our Term Loan, we also entered into an interest rate swap agreement to fix LIBOR on the entire 75.0 million for the full
duration of the Term Loan resulting in an all-in rate of 2.92 . Currently, our borrowings bear interest under the Revolver at LIBOR plus
145 basis points, which results in an interest rate of 1.53 . If market rates of interest on our variable rate debt increased or decreased
by 1 , then the annual increase or decrease in interest costs on our variable rate debt would be 2.5 million and the increase or decrease
in the fair value of our fixed rate debt as of September 30, 2021 would be 37.7 million. 

The
following table sets forth information as of September 30, 2021, concerning our long-term debt obligations, including principal payments
by scheduled maturity, weighted average interest rates and estimated fair value (in thousands) : 

Mortgage
 Notes Payable 
 Loans
 Payable 

Weighted 

Weighted 

Fiscal
 Year 
 
 Average 

Average 

Ending 
 September
 30, 
 Carrying
 Value 
 Interest 
 Rate 
 Fair
 Value 
 Carrying
 Value 
 Interest 
 Rate 
 Fair
 Value 

2022 
 16,170 
 5.11 
 
 -0- 

2023 
 1,104 
 3.95 
 
 -0- 

2024 
 24,232 
 3.92 
 
 175,000 
 1.53 

2025 
 17,264 
 5.26 
 
 75,000 
 2.92 

2026 
 7,757 
 3.94 
 
 -0- 

Thereafter 
 773,095 
 3.80 
 
 -0- 

Total 
 839,622 
 3.86 
 885,893 
 250,000 
 1.95 
 252,230 

The
 250.0 million Loans Payable in the table above represents our 75.0 million outstanding on our Term Loan and 175.0 drawn down under
our Revolver. On November 15, 2019, we entered into a New Facility consisting of a 225.0 million Revolver and a 75.0 million Term Loan,
resulting in the total potential availability under both the Revolver and the Term Loan of 300.0 million, which is an additional 100.0
million over the former line of credit facility. In addition, the Revolver includes an accordion feature that will allow the total potential
availability under the New Facility to further increase to 400.0 million, under certain conditions. The 225.0 million Revolver matures
in January 2024 with two options to extend for additional six-month periods. Availability under the New Facility is limited to 60 of
the value of the borrowing base properties. The value of the borrowing base properties is determined by applying a capitalization rate
to the NOI generated by our unencumbered, wholly-owned industrial properties. Under the New Facility the capitalization rate applied
to our NOI generated by our unencumbered, wholly-owned industrial properties was lowered from 6.5 under the former line of credit facility
to 6.25 , thus increasing the value of the borrowing base properties under the terms of the New Facility. In addition, the interest rate
for borrowings under the Revolver was lowered by a range of 5 basis points to 35 basis points, depending on our leverage ratio, and will,
at our election, either i) bear interest at LIBOR plus 135 basis points to 205 basis points, depending on our leverage ratio, or ii)
bear interest at Bank of Montreal s (BMO) prime lending rate plus 35 basis points to 105 basis points, depending on our leverage
ratio. Currently, our borrowings bear interest under the Revolver at LIBOR plus 145 basis points, which results in an interest rate of
1.53 . As of the fiscal yearend and currently, we have 175.0 million drawn down under our Revolver, resulting in 50.0 million being
currently available. Including the accordion feature, we have up to 150.0 million potentially available under the Revolver. As of September
30, 2021, Loans Payable represented 75.0 million outstanding under our Term Loan which matures January 2025 and 175.0 million outstanding
under our Revolver which matures January 2024. The interest rate for borrowings under the Term Loan will at our election, either i) bear
interest at LIBOR plus 130 basis points to 200 basis points, depending on our leverage ratio, or ii) bear interest at BMO s prime
lending rate plus 30 basis points to 100 basis points, depending on our leverage ratio. To reduce floating interest rate exposure under
the Term Loan, we also entered into an interest rate swap agreement to fix LIBOR on the entire 75.0 million for the full duration of
the Term Loan resulting in an all-in rate of 2.92 . The unrealized loss in fair value of the interest rate swap agreement amounted to
 (2.2) million for the year ended September 30, 2021. 

We
also invest in marketable securities of other REITs and we are primarily exposed to market price risk from adverse changes in market
rates and conditions. We limit the size of this portfolio to no more than approximately 5 of our undepreciated assets, which we define
as total assets excluding accumulated depreciation. All securities are classified as available for sale and are carried at fair value.
We also use margin loans from time to time for purchasing securities, for temporary funding of acquisitions, and for working capital
purposes. The margin loans are due on demand and are collateralized by our securities portfolio. In general, we may borrow up to 50 
of the value of the marketable securities. At September 30, 2021 and 2020, there was no amount drawn down under the margin loan. The
interest rate on the margin account is the bank s margin rate is 0.75 . The value of the marketable securities was 143.5 million
as of September 30, 2021, representing 5.6 of our undepreciated assets (which is our total assets excluding accumulated depreciation). 

53 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
8 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
financial statements and supplementary data listed in Part IV, Item 15 (a) (1) are incorporated herein by reference and filed as part
of this report. 

The
following is the Unaudited Selected Quarterly Financial Data: 

SELECTED
QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED) 

 THREE
MONTHS ENDED in thousands 

FISCAL
 2021 
 12/31/20 
 3/31/21 
 6/30/21 
 9/30/21 
 
 Rental
 and Reimbursement Revenue 
 43,583 
 46,365 
 45,993 
 46,815 
 
 Total
 Expenses 
 22,159 
 25,620 
 32,04 0 
 49,300 
 
 Unrealized
 Holding Gains (Losses) Arising During the Periods 
 19,721 
 19,186 
 16,471 
 (5,139 
 
 Other
 Income (Expense) 
 12,169 
 13,634 
 14,648 
 (13,286 
 
 Net
 Income (Loss) Attributable to Shareholders 
 33,916 
 34,329 
 25,709 
 (15,771 
 
 Net
 Income (Loss) Attributable to Shareholders per diluted share 
 0.34 
 0.35 
 0.26 
 (0.16 
 
 Net
 Income (Loss) Attributable to Common Shareholders 
 25,746 
 25,913 
 17,292 
 (24,187 
 
 Net
 Income (Loss) Attributable to Common Shareholders per diluted share 
 0.26 
 0.26 
 0.17 
 (0.25 

FISCAL
 2020 
 12/31/19 
 3/31/20 
 6/30/20 
 9/30/20 
 
 Rental
 and Reimbursement Revenue 
 41,700 
 41,707 
 41,775 
 42,635 
 
 Total
 Expenses 
 22,428 
 21,264 
 21,459 
 21,529 
 
 Unrealized
 Holding Gains (Losses) Arising During the Periods 
 (3,635 
 (83,075 
 19,610 
 (10,280 
 
 Other
 Income (Expense) 
 (9,606 
 (88,721 
 12,979 
 (17,963 
 
 Net
 Income (Loss) Attributable to Shareholders 
 9,625 
 (68,314 
 33,458 
 3,088 
 
 Net
 Income (Loss) Attributable to Shareholders per diluted share 
 0.10 
 (0.70 
 0.34 
 0.03 
 
 Net
 Income (Loss) Attributable to Common Shareholders 
 3,528 
 (75,078 
 26,850 
 (3,917 
 
 Net
 Income (Loss) Attributable to Common Shareholders per diluted share 
 0.04 
 (0.77 
 0.27 
 (0.04 

54 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
9 - CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

There
were no changes in, or any disagreements with, our independent registered public accounting firm on accounting principles and practices
or financial disclosure during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020. 

ITEM
9A- CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

(a)
Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Management,
with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial and Accounting Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of
the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief
Financial and Accounting Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2021. 

(b)
Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management
of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). 

Management
assessed our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021. This assessment was based on criteria for effective
internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) (2013 framework). Based on this assessment, management has concluded that
our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2021. 

PKF
O Connor Davies, LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, has issued their report on their audit of our internal
control over financial reporting, a copy of which is included herein. 

(c)
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 

 Monmouth
Real Estate Investment Corporation 

Opinion
on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

We
have audited Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation s (the Company internal control over financial reporting
as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective
internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated
Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 

We
have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ),
the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the related consolidated statements of income (loss),
comprehensive income (loss), shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30,
2021, and our report dated November 12, 2021, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

55 

 Table of Contents 

Basis
for Opinion 

The
Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment
of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial
reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect
to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit
of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing
the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based
on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Definition
and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

A
company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/
PKF O Connor Davies, LLP 

November
12, 2021 

 New
York, New York 

(d)
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes to our internal controls over financial reporting during our fourth fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2021 that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

None. 

56 

 Table of Contents 

PART
III 

ITEM
10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive proxy statement for the Company s 2021
annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A and the information included under the caption Information
about our Executive Officers in Part I hereof, in accordance with General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K. 

ITEM
11 - EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive proxy statement for the Company s 2021
annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, in accordance with General Instruction G(3) to Form
10-K. 

ITEM
12 - SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive proxy statement for the Company s 2021
annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, in accordance with General Instruction G(3) to Form
10-K. 

ITEM
13 - CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The
information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive proxy statement for the Company s 2021
annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, in accordance with General Instruction G(3) to Form
10-K. 

ITEM
14 - PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The
information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive proxy statement for the Company s 2021
annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, in accordance with General Instruction G(3) to Form
10-K. 

57 

 Table of Contents 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15 - EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

PAGE(S) 

(a) 
 (1) 
 The
 following Financial Statements are filed as part of this report: 

(i) 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 63 

(ii) 
 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 64-65 

(iii) 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 
 66-67 

(iv) 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 
 68 

(v) 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 
 69-70 

(vi) 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 
 71 

(vii) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 72-106 

(a) 
 (2) 
 The following Financial Statement Schedule is
 filed as part of this report: 

(i) 
 Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation as of September 30, 2021 
 107-120 

All
other schedules are omitted because they are not required, are not applicable, or the required information is set forth in the Consolidated
Financial Statements or Notes hereto. 

58 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
15 - EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (CONT D) 

(a)(3) 
 
 Exhibits 

(2) 
 
 Plan
 of Acquisition, Reorganization, Arrangement, Liquidation, or Succession 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger Among Industrial Logistics Properties Trust, Maple Delaware Merger Sub LLC and Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation dated as of November 5, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 5, 2021, filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 8, 2021, Registration No. 001-33177). 

2.2 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger Among Equity Commonwealth, EQC Maple Industrial, LLC and Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation dated as of May 4, 2021, as amended and restated as of August 15, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Amendment dated August 18, 2021 to the Joint Proxy Statement /Prospectus dated July 23, 2021, filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 18, 2021, Registration No. 001-33177). 

2.3 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger Among Monmouth Capital Corporation, Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation, and Route 9 Acquisition, Inc., dated as of March 26, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Proxy Statement filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 8, 2007, Registration No. 001-33177). 

(3) 
 
 Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of the Company, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Form S-3 filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 1, 2009, Registration No. 333-161668). 

3.2 
 
 Articles of Amendment, effective April 21, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission, on April 19, 2010, Registration No. 001-33177). 

3.3 
 
 Articles of Amendment, effective March 7, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 3, 2011, Registration No. 001-33177). 

3.4 
 
 Articles of Amendment, effective January 26, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 27, 2012, Registration No. 001-33177). 

3.5 
 
 Articles of Amendment, effective May 27, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 5.03 to the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 28, 2014, Registration No. 001-33177). 

3.6 
 
 Articles of Amendment, effective December 4, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 5, 2019, Registration No. 001-33177). 

3.7 

Articles Supplementary, effective September 7, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.9 to the Form 8-A filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 8, 2016, Registration No. 001-33177). 

3.8 

Certificate of Correction, effective March 7, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 9, 2017, Registration No. 001-33177). 

3.9 
 
 Articles Supplementary, effective March 7, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 9, 2017, Registration No. 001-33177). 

59 

 Table of Contents 

3.10 
 
 Articles Supplementary, effective June 29, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 29, 2017, Registration No. 001-33177). 

3.11 
 
 Articles Supplementary, effective August 2, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 2, 2018, Registration No. 001-33177). 

3.12 
 
 Articles Supplementary, effective December 4, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 5, 2019, Registration No. 001-33177). 

3.13 

Bylaws of the Company, as amended and restated, dated April 1, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99 to the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 1, 2014, Registration No. 001-33177). 

(4) 
 
 Instruments
 Defining the Rights of Security Holders, Including Indentures 

4.1 
 
 Specimen certificate representing the common stock of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 5, 2015, Registration No. 001-33177). 

4.2 
 
 Specimen certificate representing the 6.125 Series C Preferred Stock of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the form 8-A filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 8, 2016, Registration No. 001-33177). 

4.3 
 
 Description of Securities 

(10) 
 
 Material
 Contracts 

10.1 
 + 
 Employment
 Agreement - Mr. Eugene W. Landy dated December 9, 1994 (incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on December 28, 1994). 

10.2 
 + 
 First Amendment to Employment Agreement - Mr. Eugene W. Landy dated June 26, 1997 (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 10-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Committee on December 10, 2009, Registration No. 001-33177). 

10.3 
 + 
 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement - Mr. Eugene W. Landy dated November 5, 2003 (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Proxy Statement filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Committee on April 1, 2004, Registration No. 000-04248). 

10.4 
 + 
 Third Amendment to Employment Agreement - Eugene W. Landy, dated April 14, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99 to the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 16, 2008, Registration No. 001-33177). 

10.5 
 + 
 Fourth Amendment to Employment Agreement Eugene W. Landy, dated July 13, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99 to the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 13, 2010, Registration No. 001-33177). 

10.6 
 + 
 Fifth Amendment to Employment Agreement Eugene W. Landy, dated April 25, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 25, 2013, Registration No. 001-33177). 

60 

 Table of Contents 

10.7 
 + 
 Sixth Amendment to Employment Agreement Eugene W. Landy, dated December 20, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99 to the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 20, 2013, Registration No. 001-33177). 

10.8 
 + 
 Seventh Amendment to Employment Agreement Eugene W. Landy, dated December 18, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 19, 2014, Registration No. 001-33177). 

10.9 
 + 
 Eighth Amendment to Employment Agreement Eugene W. Landy, dated January 12, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 13, 2016, Registration No. 001-33177). 

10.10 
 + 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement Kevin S. Miller, dated August 19, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 19, 2019, Registration No. 001-33177). 

10.11 
 + 
 Employment Agreement - Michael P. Landy, dated January 11, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 11, 2016, Registration No. 001-33177). 

10.12 
 + 
 Employment Agreement - Michael P. Landy, dated August 24, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 24, 2020, Registration No. 001-33177). 

10.13 
 
 Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation s 2007 Stock Option Plan, Amended and Restated (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Proxy Statement filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Committee on March 26, 2010, Registration No.001-33177). 

10.14 
 
 Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation s 2007 Stock Option Plan, Amended and Restated (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Proxy Statement filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Committee on March 31, 2017, Registration No.001-33177). 

10.15 
 +
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement and Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.1 and 10.2 to the Form 10-Q filed by the Registrant with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission on August 9, 2017, Registration No. 001-33177) 

10.16 
 + 
 Change in Control Severance Plan of Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 14, 2021, Registration No. 001-33177) 

10.17 
 + 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation and its Directors and Executive Officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 23, 2012, Registration No. 001-33177). 

10.18 
 
 Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan of Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation (incorporated by reference to Form S-3D filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 1, 2018, Registration No. 333-225374). 

61 

 Table of Contents 

10.19 
 
 Credit Agreement by and among Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, Bank of Montreal, as administrative agent, BMO Capital Markets, as sole lease arranger and sole book runner, and JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A. and Royal Bank of Canada, as co-syndication agents, dated as of August 27, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 28, 2015, Registration No. 001-33177). 

10.20 
 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement by and among Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, Bank of Montreal, as administrative agent, BMO Capital Markets, as sole lease arranger and sole book runner, and JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A. and Royal Bank of Canada, as co-syndication agents, dated as of September 30, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 4, 2016, Registration No. 001-33177). 

10.21 
 
 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement by and among Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, Bank of Montreal, as administrative agent, BMO Capital Markets, as sole lease arranger and sole book runner, and JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A. and Royal Bank of Canada, as co-syndication agents, dated as of March 22, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 23, 2018, Registration No. 001-33177). 

10.22 
 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated November 15, 2019, among Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation, as borrower, the guarantors from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, Bank of Montreal, as administrative agent, BMO Capital Markets Corp., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Royal Bank of Canada, as joint lead arrangers and joint book runners, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Royal Bank of Canada, as co-syndication agents. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 18, 2019, Registration No. 001-33177). 

(21) 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

(23) 
 
 Consent of PKF O Connor Davies, LLP . 

(31.1) 
 
 Certification of Michael P. Landy, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

(31.2) 
 
 Certification of Kevin S. Miller, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

(32.1) 
 
 Certification of Michael P. Landy, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Kevin S. Miller, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 ++ 
 iXBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 ++ 
 iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 ++ 
 iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 ++ 
 iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 ++ 
 iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 ++ 
 iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

Filed
 herewith. 
 
 + 
 Denotes
 a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 ++ 
 Pursuant
 to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, this interactive date file is deemed not filed or part of a registration statement
 or prospectus for purposes of Section 11 or 12 of the Securities Act, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18
 of the Exchange Act, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 

62 

 Table of Contents 

Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders
of 

 Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation (the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the
related consolidated statements of income (loss), comprehensive income (loss), shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of
the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, and the related notes and schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2)(i) (collectively
referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards
of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial
reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated November 12, 2021, expressed an unqualified
opinion. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect
to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter
in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Acquisition of Real Estate Properties 

As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial
statements, during fiscal 2021, the Company purchased four real estate properties for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 258.4
million. The Company determined that all four acquisitions are acquisitions of assets and that these property acquisitions do not meet
the definition of a business. As a result, the total cash consideration for the four acquisitions were allocated to land, building and
an intangible asset related to in-place leases on a relative fair value basis. 

Auditing both (1) the determination that these
acquisitions were asset acquisitions and (2) the relative fair value allocation of the cost of the property acquisitions to tangible
and intangible assets involved a high degree of judgment, estimation and an increased extent of effort. The allocation
of value to the components of properties acquired could have a material effect on the Company s net income due to the differing
depreciable and amortizable lives of each component and the classification of the related depreciation or amortization expense in the
Company s consolidated statements of income (loss). 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures
and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures
included testing the effectiveness of management s internal controls relating to acquisition accounting, including management s
review of third-party valuation reports, and their assessment of any intangible assets relating to in-place leases and above or below
market leases. Among other audit procedures performed, (1) we evaluated the assets acquired to determine that they did not meet the definition
of a business, and (2) we evaluated the appropriateness of the relative fair value allocation, including the key inputs and assumptions
used by management. Our procedures included evaluating the reasonableness of the inputs and assumptions used by management and determining
whether those inputs and assumptions were consistent with other evidence obtained in other areas of the audit and by considering the
consistency with external market and industry data. Additionally, we recomputed the relative fair value allocation for each asset acquisition. 

/s/ PKF O Connor Davies, LLP 

November 12, 2021 

 New York, New York 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2008. 

63 

 Table of Contents 

MONMOUTH
REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 AS
OF SEPTEMBER 30, 

 in
thousands except per share amounts 

2021 
 2020 
 
 ASSETS 

Real
 Estate Investments: 

Land 

Buildings
 and Improvements 

Total
 Real Estate Investments 

Accumulated
 Depreciation 

Real
 Estate Investments 

Cash
 and Cash Equivalents 

Securities
 Available for Sale at Fair Value 

Tenant
 and Other Receivables 

Deferred
 Rent Receivable 

Prepaid
 Expenses 

Intangible
 Assets, net of Accumulated Amortization of and , respectively 

Capitalized
 Lease Costs, net of Accumulated Amortization of and , respectively 

Financing
 Costs, net of Accumulated Amortization of and , respectively 

Other
 Assets 

TOTAL
 ASSETS 

See
Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

64 

 Table of Contents 

MONMOUTH
REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS (CONT D) 

 AS
OF SEPTEMBER 30, 

 in
thousands except per share amounts 

2021 
 2020 
 
 LIABILITIES
 AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Liabilities: 

Fixed
 Rate Mortgage Notes Payable, net of Unamortized Debt Issuance Costs 

Loans
 Payable 

Accounts
 Payable and Accrued Expenses 

Other
 Liabilities 

Total
 Liabilities 

COMMITMENTS
 AND CONTINGENCIES 

Shareholders 
 Equity: 

Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, Par Value Per Share: and Shares Authorized as of September
 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively; and Shares Issued and Outstanding As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively 

Common
 Stock, Par Value Per Share: and Shares Authorized as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively;
 and Shares Issued and Outstanding as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively 

Excess
 Stock, Par Value Per Share: Shares Authorized as of September 30, 2021 and 2020; Shares Issued or Outstanding
 as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 

Additional
 Paid-In Capital 

Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive Loss 

Undistributed
 Income 

Total
 Shareholders Equity 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

See
Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

65 

 Table of Contents 

MONMOUTH
REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF INCOME (LOSS) 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 

 in
thousands 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 INCOME: 

Rental
 Revenue 

Reimbursement
 Revenue 

Lease
 Termination Income 

TOTAL
 INCOME 

EXPENSES: 

Real
 Estate Taxes 

Operating
 Expenses 

General
 and Administrative Expenses 

Non-recurring
 Strategic Alternatives Proxy Costs 

Non-recurring
 Severance Expense 

Depreciation 

Amortization
 of Capitalized Lease Costs and Intangible Assets 

TOTAL
 EXPENSES 

OTHER
 INCOME (EXPENSE): 

Dividend
 Income 

Realized
 Gain on Sale of Real Estate Investment 

Realized
 Gain on Sale of Securities Transactions 

Unrealized
 Holding Gains (Losses) Arising During the Periods 

Interest
 Expense, including Amortization of Financing Costs 

TOTAL
 OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

NET
 INCOME (LOSS) 

Less:
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Non-Controlling Interest 

NET
 INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO SHAREHOLDERS 

Less:
 Preferred Dividends 

NET
INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON SHAREHOLDERS 

See
Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

66 

 Table of Contents 

MONMOUTH
REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF INCOME (LOSS) 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 BASIC
 INCOME PER SHARE 

Net
 Income (Loss) 

Less:
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Non-Controlling Interest 

Net
 Income (Loss) Attributable to Shareholders 

Less:
 Preferred Dividends 

Net
 Income (Loss) Attributable to Common Shareholders Basic 

DILUTED
 INCOME PER SHARE 

Net
 Income (Loss) 

Less:
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Non-Controlling Interest 

Net
 Income (Loss) Attributable to Shareholders 

Less:
 Preferred Dividends 

Net
 Income (Loss) Attributable to Common Shareholders Diluted 

WEIGHTED
 AVERAGE COMMON SHARES
 OUTSTANDING (in thousands) 

Basic 

Diluted 

See
Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

67 

 Table of Contents 

MONMOUTH
REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 

 (in
thousands) 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 

Net
 Income (Loss) 

Other
 Comprehensive Income: 

Change
 in Fair Value of Interest Rate Swap Agreement 

Total
 Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Less:
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Non-Controlling Interest 

Comprehensive
 Income (Loss) Attributable to Shareholders 

Less:
 Preferred Dividends 

Comprehensive
Income (Loss) Attributable to Common Shareholders 

See
Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

68 

 Table of Contents 

MONMOUTH
REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021, 2020, AND 2019 

 in
thousands except per share amounts 

Common
 Stock 
 Preferred
 Stock Series C 
 Additional
 Paid in Capital 
 
 Balance
 September 30, 2018 

Impact
 of Adoption of Accounting Standards Update 2016-01 

Shares
 Issued in Connection with the DRIP (1) 

Shares
 Issued in Connection with Underwritten Public Offering of Common Stock, net of offering costs 

Shares
 Issued in Connection with At-The-Market Offerings of Series C Preferred Stock, net of offering costs 

Shares
 Issued Through the Exercise of Stock Options 

Stock
 Compensation Expense 

Distributions
 To Common Shareholders per share) 

Net
 Income Attributable to Shareholders 

Preferred
 Dividends per share) 

Balance
 September 30, 2019 

Shares
 Issued in Connection with the DRIP (1) 

Shares
 Issued in Connection with At-The-Market Offerings of Series C Preferred Stock, net of offering costs 

Shares
 Repurchased through the Common Stock Repurchase Plan 

Shares
 Issued Through the Exercise of Stock Options 

Stock
 Compensation Expense 

Distributions
 To Common Shareholders per share) 

Net
 Income (Loss) Attributable to Shareholders 

Preferred
 Dividends per share) 

Change
 in Fair Value of Interest Rate Swap Agreement 

Balance
 September 30, 2020 

Shares
 Issued in Connection with the DRIP (1) 

Shares
 Issued in Connection with At-The-Market Offerings of Series C Preferred Stock, net of offering costs 

Shares
 Issued Through the Exercise of Stock Options 

Stock
 Compensation Expense 

Distributions
 To Common Shareholders per share) 

Distributions
To Common Shareholders 

Net
 Income Attributable to Shareholders 

Preferred
 Dividends per share) 

Preferred
Dividends 

Change
 in Fair Value of Interest Rate Swap Agreement 

Balance
 September 30, 2021 

(1)
Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan 

See
Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

69 

 Table of Contents 

MONMOUTH
REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021, 2020 AND 2019, CONT D. 

 in
thousands except per share amounts 

Undistributed
 Income (Loss) 
 Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Total
 Shareholders Equity 
 
 Balance
 September 30, 2018 

Impact
 of Adoption of Accounting Standards Update 2016-01 

Shares
 Issued in Connection with the DRIP (1) 

Shares
 Issued in Connection with Underwritten Public Offering of Common Stock, net of offering costs 

Shares
 Issued in Connection with At-The-Market Offerings of 6.125 Series C Preferred Stock, net of offering costs 

Shares
 Issued Through the Exercise of Stock Options 

Stock
 Compensation Expense 

Distributions
 To Common Shareholders 0.68 per share) 

Net
 Income Attributable to Shareholders 

Preferred
 Dividends 1.53125 per share) 

Balance
 September 30, 2019 

Shares
 Issued in Connection with the DRIP (1) 

Shares
 Issued in Connection with At-The-Market Offerings of 6.125 Series C Preferred Stock, net of offering costs 

Shares
 Repurchased through the Common Stock Repurchase Plan 

Shares
 Issued Through the Exercise of Stock Options 

Stock
 Compensation Expense 

Distributions
 To Common Shareholders 0.68 per share) 

Net
 Income (Loss) Attributable to Shareholders 

Preferred
 Dividends 1.53125 per share) 

Change
 in Fair Value of Interest Rate Swap Agreement 

Balance
 September 30, 2020 

Shares
 Issued in Connection with the DRIP (1) 

Shares
 Issued in Connection with At-The-Market Offerings of 6.125 Series C Preferred Stock, net of offering costs 

Shares
 Issued Through the Exercise of Stock Options 

Stock
 Compensation Expense 

Distributions
 To Common Shareholders 0.71 per share) 

Distributions
 To Common Shareholders 

Net
 Income Attributable to Shareholders 

Preferred
 Dividends 1.53125 per share) 

Preferred
 Dividends 

Change
 in Fair Value of Interest Rate Swap Agreement 

Balance
 September 30, 2021 

(1)
Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan 

See
Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

70 

 Table of Contents 

MONMOUTH
REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 

 (in
thousands) 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 CASH
 FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net
 Income (Loss) 

Noncash
 Items Included in Net Income (Loss): 

Depreciation
 Amortization 

Stock
 Compensation Expense 

Deferred
 Straight Line Rent 

Securities
 Available for Sale Received as Dividend Income 

Unrealized
 Holding (Gains) Losses Arising During the Periods 

Realized
 Gain on Sale of Securities Transactions 

Realized
 Gain on Sale of Real Estate Investment 

Changes
 in: 

Tenant
 Other Receivables 

Prepaid
 Expenses 

Other
 Assets Capitalized Lease Costs 

Accounts
 Payable, Accrued Expenses Other Liabilities 

NET
 CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchase
 of Real Estate Intangible Assets 

Capital
 Improvements 

Net
 Proceeds from Sale of Real Estate Investment 

Return
 of Deposits on Real Estate 

Deposits
 Paid on Acquisitions of Real Estate 

Proceeds
 from the Sale of Securities Available for Sale 

Proceeds
 from Securities Available for Sale Called for Redemption 

Purchase
 of Securities Available for Sale 

NET
 CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds
 from Fixed Rate Mortgage Notes Payable 

Principal
 Payments on Fixed Rate Mortgage Notes Payable 

Net
 Draws (Repayments) from Loans Payable 

Financing
 Costs Paid on Debt 

Proceeds
 from Underwritten Public Offering of Common Stock, net of offering costs 

Proceeds
 from At-The-Market Preferred Equity Program, net of offering costs 

Proceeds
 from Issuance of Common Stock in the DRIP, net of Dividend Reinvestments 

Net
 Distributions to Non-Controlling Interest 

Shares
 repurchased through the Common Stock Repurchase Plan 

Proceeds
 from the Exercise of Stock Options 

Preferred
 Dividends Paid 

Common
 Dividends Paid, net of Reinvestments 

NET
 CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Net
 Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash
 and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Year 

CASH
 AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR 

See
Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

71 

 Table of Contents 

MONMOUTH
REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 SEPTEMBER
30, 2021 

and property holdings, respectively. These properties are located in 32 states:
Alabama, Arizona, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Michigan,
Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. As of September 30, 2021, our weighted average lease maturity was years
and our annualized average base rent per occupied square foot was . Our weighted average lease expiration has been years or
greater for over seven consecutive years. or above for over six consecutive years. As of September
30, 2021, the weighted average building age, based on the square footage of our buildings, was years. 

Our
portfolio of modern, net-leased industrial properties continues to provide shareholders with reliable and predictable income streams.
Our resilient occupancy rates and rent collection results highlight the mission-critical nature of our assets and underscore the essential
need for our tenants operations. Furthermore, because our weighted average lease term is 7.0 years and our weighted average fixed
rate mortgage debt maturity is years, we expect our cash flow to remain resilient over long periods of time. Our overall occupancy
rate has been over 99 throughout the COVID-19 Pandemic and is currently . Our base rent collections remained strong, averaging
 throughout the COVID-19 Pandemic and we expect future months to be consistent with this trend. 

US
industrial real estate market conditions are as strong as they have ever been with record high asking rents, a robust development pipeline,
and an all-time high occupancy rate of . Companies are leasing space at record levels to handle the large increase in ecommerce sales
as well as the need for safety stock to counter supply chain disruptions. Construction costs are rising dramatically due to the long
lead times for sourcing materials. The amount of new construction for US industrial real estate has been increasing for several years
as more industrial space is needed to handle direct-to-consumer distribution. It is estimated that ecommerce sales require three times
the amount of warehouse space relative to brick and mortar retail sales. These new buildings are often highly automated and have much
larger truck courts and parking requirements. Because modern industrial buildings are built to handle both wholesale distribution as
well as direct to consumer distribution, they are known as omni-channel facilities. The West coast ports are continuing to experience
severe bottlenecks in processing imports and therefor, container traffic is being diverted towards the Gulf and East coast ports. The
West coast ports are continuing to experience severe bottlenecks in processing imports and as a result much container traffic is being
diverted towards the Gulf and East coast ports. Given our geographic footprint, this trend is a very favorable one for us. 

As previously announced, in cash for each outstanding share of our common stock in
connection with consummation of the transaction. ILPT s acquisition of us is subject to obtaining the requisite approval of our
common stockholders and the satisfaction of other customary closing conditions. Upon closing of the merger with ILPT, holders of our
outstanding 6.125 Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock Series C Preferred Stock will receive the amount of
 25 per share plus any accrued and unpaid dividends. We plan to continue to pay our regular quarterly common stock dividend and our Series
C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock dividend for each full quarterly dividend period completed prior to the closing of the transaction.
This transaction with ILPT represents the culmination of the publicly announced comprehensive strategic alternatives review processes
conducted by our Board of Directors during 2021. Our Board re-initiated its strategic alternatives review process in September 2021 after
a previous agreement for a merger that we entered into with another party, following a strategic alternatives review process earlier
this year, did not receive the requisite approval of our stockholders. 

As a result of the sale of one of
its majority owned real estate investments in fiscal 2021 (See Note 3), the Company has presented the non-controlling interest in its
Statement of Income (Loss), however the presentation of non-controlling interest was considered immaterial to the Consolidated Balance
Sheet and Consolidated Statements of Shareholder s Equity. 

years for buildings and range from to years for improvements. 

We
apply Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 360-10, Property, Plant Equipment (ASC
360-10) to measure impairment in real estate investments. Rental properties are individually evaluated for impairment when conditions
exist which may indicate that it is probable that the sum of expected future cash flows (on an undiscounted basis without interest) from
a rental property is less than its historical net cost basis. These expected future cash flows consider factors such as future operating
income, trends and prospects as well as the effects of leasing demand, competition and other factors. Upon determination that an other-than-temporary
impairment has occurred, rental properties are reduced to their fair value. For properties to be disposed of, an impairment loss is recognized
when the fair value of the property, less the estimated cost to sell, is less than the carrying amount of the property measured at the
time there is a commitment to sell the property and/or it is actively being marketed for sale. A property to be disposed of is reported
at the lower of its carrying amount or its estimated fair value, less its cost to sell. Subsequent to the date that a property is held
for disposition, depreciation expense is not recorded. 

million as of September 30, 2021, representing of our undepreciated
assets. We continue to believe that our REIT securities portfolio provides us with diversification, income, a source of potential liquidity
when needed and also serves as a proxy for real estate when more favorable risk adjusted returns are not available in the private real
estate markets. Our decision to reduce this threshold mainly stems from the implementation of accounting rule ASU 2016-01, Financial
Instruments Overall: Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities , which took effect at the
beginning of last fiscal year. This new rule requires that quarterly changes in the market value of our marketable securities flow through
our Consolidated Statements of Income. The implementation of this accounting rule has resulted in increased volatility in our reported
earnings and some of our key performance metrics. These marketable securities are all publicly-traded and purchased on the open market
through private transactions or through dividend reinvestment plans. These securities may be classified among three categories: held-to-maturity,
trading, and available-for-sale. We normally hold REIT securities on a long-term basis and have the ability and intent to hold securities
to recovery. Therefore, as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, our securities are all classified as available-for-sale and are carried at
fair value based upon quoted market prices in active markets. Gains or losses on the sale of securities are based on average cost and
are accounted for on a trade date basis. 

In
January 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-01, Financial Instruments
 Overall: Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. ASU 2016-01 requires equity investments
(except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting, or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured
at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income, requires public business entities to use the exit price notion when
measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes, requires separate presentation of financial assets and financial
liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset, and eliminates the requirement for public business entities to disclose
the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments
measured at amortized cost. These changes became effective for our fiscal year beginning October 1, 2018. The most significant change
for us, once ASU 2016-01 was adopted, was the accounting treatment for our investments in marketable securities that are classified as
available-for-sale. The accounting treatment used for our Consolidated Financial Statements through fiscal 2018 was that our investments
in marketable securities, classified as available for sale, were carried at fair value, with net unrealized holding gains and losses
being excluded from earnings and reported as a separate component of Shareholders Equity until realized and the change in net
unrealized holding gains and losses being reflected as comprehensive income (loss). Under ASU 2016-01, effective October 1, 2018, these
marketable securities continue to be measured at fair value, however, the changes in net unrealized holding gains and losses are now
recognized through net income on our Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss). On October 1, 2018, we recorded a ) million adjustment
to beginning Undistributed Income (Loss). In addition, 50.2 million, (77.4) million and (24.7) million of the net unrealized holding
gains (losses) have been reflected as Unrealized Holding Gains (Losses) Arising During the Periods in the accompanying Consolidated Statements
of Income (Loss) for the fiscal years ended 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

years, years and years, respectively. 

Costs
incurred in connection with the execution of leases are capitalized and amortized over the term of the respective leases. Unamortized
lease costs are charged to expense upon cancellation of leases prior to the expiration of lease terms. Costs incurred in connection with
obtaining mortgages and other financings and re-financings are deferred and are amortized over the term of the related obligations using
the effective interest method. Unamortized costs are charged to expense upon prepayment of the obligation. Amortization expense related
to these deferred leasing and financing costs were million, million and million for the years ended September 30, 2021,
2020 and 2019, respectively. We estimate that aggregate amortization expense for existing assets will be million, million,
 million, million and million for the fiscal years 2022, 2023, 2024, 2025 and 2026, respectively. 

million unsecured term loan (the Term Loan ). 

The
interest rate for borrowings under the Term Loan will at our election, either i) bear interest at LIBOR plus 130 basis points to 200
basis points, depending on our leverage ratio, or ii) bear interest at BMO s prime lending rate plus 30 basis points to 100 basis
points, depending on our leverage ratio. The re-pricing and scheduled maturity dates, payment dates, index and the notional amounts of
the interest rate swap agreement coincides with those of the underlying Term Loan. The interest rate swap agreement is net settled monthly.
The Company has designated this derivative as a cash flow hedge and has recorded the fair value on the balance sheet in accordance with
ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging (See Note 14 for information on the determination of fair value). The effective portion of the gain
or loss on this hedge will be reported as a component of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.
To the extent that the hedging relationship is not effective or does not qualify as a cash flow hedge, the ineffective portion is recorded
in interest expense. Hedges that received designated hedge accounting treatment are evaluated for effectiveness at the time that they
are designated as well as through the hedging period. As of September 30, 2021, we have determined that this interest rate swap agreement
is highly effective as a cash flow hedge. As a result, the fair value of this derivative of million as of September 30, 2021 was
recorded as a component of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, with the corresponding liability included in Other Liabilities. 

square foot
facility located in Halfmoon (Albany), NY, whereby we received a termination fee in the amount of representing approximately
50 of the then remaining rent due under the lease, which was set to expire on . We simultaneously entered into a 10.4
year lease agreement with United Parcel Service, Inc. , initial annual rent of , representing per square foot, commenced,
with annual increases thereafter, resulting in a straight-line annualized rent of , representing per square foot over
the life of the lease, which expires . In addition, resulting in an annualized rent from June 4, 2021
through the remaining term of the lease of approximately 622,000, or 8.29 per square foot. 

total rentable
square feet, representing less than 1 of our total rentable square feet. Our leases with early termination provisions are our 
square foot location in Urbandale (Des Moines), IA, our square foot location in Rockford, IL, and our square foot location
in O Fallon (St. Louis), MO. Each lease termination provision contains certain requirements that must be met in order to exercise
each termination provision. These requirements include: the date termination can be exercised, the time frame that notice must be given
by the tenant to us and the termination fee that would be required to be paid by the tenant to us. The total potential termination fees
that would be payable to us from the three tenants with leases that have a termination provision amounts to million. 

, and shares are included in the diluted weighted average shares outstanding
for fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. As of September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, options to purchase , and
 shares, respectively, were antidilutive. 

, and have been recognized in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Included in Note 9
to these consolidated financial statements are the assumptions and methodology used to calculate the fair value of stock options and
restricted shares. 

of the aggregate amount of qualified REIT dividends they receive from their taxable income. Qualified
REIT dividends do not include any portion of a dividend received from a REIT that is classified as a capital gain dividend or qualified
dividend income. 

We
follow the provisions of ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes, that, among other things, defines a recognition threshold and measurement attribute
for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. ASC Topic 740
also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and transition.
Based on our evaluation, we determined that we have no uncertain tax positions and no unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30, 2021.
We record interest and penalties relating to unrecognized tax benefits, if any, as interest expense. As of September 30, 2021, the fiscal
tax years 2018 through and including 2021 remain open to examination by the Internal Revenue Service. There are currently no federal
tax examinations in progress. 

Mobile 

Arizona: 

Tolleson (Phoenix) 

Colorado: 

Colorado Springs 

Denver 

Connecticut: 

Newington (Hartford) 

Florida: 

Cocoa 

Davenport (Orlando) 

Daytona Beach 

Ft. Myers 

Homestead (Miami) 

Jacksonville (FDX) 

Jacksonville (FDX Ground) 

Lakeland 

Orlando 

Punta Gorda 

Tampa (FDX Ground) 

Tampa (FDX) 

Tampa (Tampa Bay Grand Prix) 

Georgia: 

Augusta (FDX Ground) 

Augusta (FDX) 

Braselton (Atlanta) 

Griffin (Atlanta) 

Locust Grove (Atlanta) 

Property 
 
 Buildings
 
 Accumulated 
 Net
 Book 
 
 SEPTEMBER
 30, 2021 (cont d) 
 Type 
 Land 
 Improvements 
 Depreciation 
 Value 
 
 Savannah (Shaw) 

Savannah (FDX Ground) 

Illinois: 

Burr Ridge (Chicago) 

Elgin (Chicago) 

Granite City (St. Louis, MO) 

Montgomery (Chicago) 

Rockford (Collins Aerospace
 Systems) 

Rockford (Sherwin-Williams
 Co.) 

Sauget (St. Louis, MO) 

Schaumburg (Chicago) 

Wheeling (Chicago) 

Indiana: 

Greenwood (Indianapolis) (ULTA) 

Greenwood (Indianapolis) (Amazon) 

Indianapolis (FDX Ground) 

Lafayette 

Iowa: 

Urbandale (Des Moines) 

Kansas: 

Edwardsville (Kansas City)
 (Carlstar Group) 

Edwardsville (Kansas City)
 (International Paper) 

Olathe (Kansas City) 

Topeka 

Kentucky: 

Buckner (Louisville) 

Frankfort (Lexington) 

Louisville 

Louisiana: 

Covington (New Orleans) 

Maryland: 

Beltsville (Washington, DC) 

Michigan: 

Walker (Grand Rapids) 

Livonia (Detroit) 

Orion 

Romulus (Detroit) 

Minnesota: 

Stewartville (Rochester) 

Mississippi: 

Olive Branch (Memphis, TN)
 (Anda Pharmaceuticals, Inc.) 

Olive Branch (Memphis, TN)
 (Milwaukee Tool) 

Richland (Jackson) 

Ridgeland (Jackson) 

Missouri: 

Kansas City 

Liberty (Kansas City) 

O Fallon (St. Louis) 

St. Joseph 

Nebraska: 

Omaha 

New Jersey: 

Somerset 

Trenton 

Property 
 
 Buildings
 
 Accumulated 
 Net Book 
 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 (cont d) 
 Type 
 Land 
 Improvements 
 Depreciation 
 Value 
 
 New York: 

Cheektowaga (Buffalo) 

Halfmoon (Albany) 

Hamburg (Buffalo) 

North Carolina: 

Concord I (Charlotte) 

Concord II (Charlotte) 

Fayetteville 

Whitsett (Greensboro) 

Winston-Salem 

Ohio: 

Bedford Heights (Cleveland) 

Cincinnati 

Lancaster (Columbus) 

Kenton 

Lebanon (Cincinnati) 

Monroe (Cincinnati) 

Plain City (Columbus) 

Richfield (Cleveland) 

Stow 

Streetsboro (Cleveland) 

West Chester Twp. (Cincinnati) 

Oklahoma: 

Oklahoma City (FDX Ground) 

Oklahoma City (Bunzl) 

Oklahoma City (Amazon) 

Oklahoma City (Amazon II) 

Tulsa 

Pennsylvania: 

Altoona 

Imperial (Pittsburgh) 

Monaca (Pittsburgh) 

South Carolina: 

Aiken (Augusta, GA) 

Charleston (FDX) 

Charleston (FDX Ground) 

Ft. Mill (Charlotte, NC) 

Hanahan (Charleston) (SAIC) 

Hanahan (Charleston) (Amazon) 

Tennessee: 

Chattanooga 

Kodak (Knoxville) 

Lebanon (Nashville) 

Memphis 

Shelby County 

Texas: 

Carrollton (Dallas) 

Corpus Christi 

Edinburg 

El Paso 

Ft. Worth (Dallas) 

Houston 

Lindale (Tyler) 

Mesquite (Dallas) 

Spring (Houston) 

Waco 

Utah: 

Ogden (Salt Lake City) 

Property 
 
 Buildings
 
 Accumulated 
 Net
 Book 
 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 (cont d) 
 Type 
 Land 
 Improvements 
 Depreciation 
 Value 
 
 Vermont: 

Burlington 

Virginia: 

Charlottesville 

Mechanicsville (Richmond) 

Richmond 

Roanoke (CHEP USA) 

Roanoke (FDX Ground) 

Washington: 

Burlington (Seattle/Everett) 

Wisconsin: 

Cudahy (Milwaukee) 

Green Bay 

Total as of September 30, 2021 

Property 
 
 Buildings 
 Accumulated 
 Net Book 
 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 
 Type 
 Land 
 Improvements 
 Depreciation 
 Value 
 
 Alabama: 

Huntsville 

Mobile 

Arizona: 

Tolleson (Phoenix) 

Colorado: 

Colorado Springs 

Denver 

Connecticut: 

Newington (Hartford) 

Florida: 

Cocoa 

Davenport (Orlando) 

Daytona Beach 

Ft. Myers 

Homestead (Miami) 

Jacksonville (FDX) 

Jacksonville (FDX Ground) 

Lakeland 

Orlando 

Punta Gorda 

Tampa (FDX Ground) 

Tampa (FDX) 

Tampa (Tampa Bay Grand Prix) 

Georgia: 

Augusta (FDX Ground) 

Augusta (FDX) 

Braselton (Atlanta) 

Griffin (Atlanta) 

Savannah (Shaw) 

Savannah (FDX Ground) 

Illinois: 

Burr Ridge (Chicago) 

Elgin (Chicago) 

Granite City (St. Louis, MO) 

Montgomery (Chicago) 

Rockford (Collins Aerospace Systems) 

Rockford (Sherwin-Williams Co.) 

Sauget (St. Louis, MO) 

Schaumburg (Chicago) 

Property 
 
 Buildings
 
 Accumulated 
 Net
 Book 
 
 SEPTEMBER
 30, 2020 (cont d) 
 Type 
 Land 
 Improvements 
 Depreciation 
 Value 
 
 Wheeling (Chicago) 

Indiana: 

Greenwood (Indianapolis) (ULTA) 

Greenwood (Indianapolis) (Amazon) 

Indianapolis (FDX Ground) 

Lafayette 

Iowa: 

Urbandale (Des Moines) 

Kansas: 

Edwardsville (Kansas City)
 (Carlstar Group) 

Edwardsville (Kansas City)
 (International Paper) 

Olathe (Kansas City) 

Topeka 

Kentucky: 

Buckner (Louisville) 

Frankfort (Lexington) 

Louisvlle 

Louisiana: 

Covington (New Orleans) 

Maryland: 

Beltsville (Washington, DC) 

Michigan: 

Walker (Grand Rapids) 

Livonia (Detroit) 

Orion 

Romulus (Detroit) 

Minnesota: 

Stewartville (Rochester) 

Mississippi: 

Olive Branch (Memphis, TN)
 (Anda Pharmaceuticals, Inc.) 

Olive Branch (Memphis, TN)
 (Milwaukee Tool) 

Richland (Jackson) 

Ridgeland (Jackson) 

Missouri: 

Kansas City 

Liberty (Kansas City) 

O Fallon (St. Louis) 

St. Joseph 

Nebraska: 

Omaha 

New Jersey: 

Carlstadt (New York, NY) 

Somerset 

Trenton 

New York: 

Cheektowaga (Buffalo) 

Halfmoon (Albany) 

Hamburg (Buffalo) 

North Carolina: 

Concord I (Charlotte) 

Concord II (Charlotte) 

Fayetteville 

Whitsett (Greensboro) 

Winston-Salem 

Property 
 
 Buildings
 
 Accumulated 
 Net Book 
 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (cont d) 
 Type 
 Land 
 Improvements 
 Depreciation 
 Value 
 
 Ohio: 

Bedford Heights (Cleveland) 

Cincinnati 

Lancaster (Columbus) 

Kenton 

Lebanon (Cincinnati) 

Monroe (Cincinnati) 

Richfield (Cleveland) 

Stow 

Streetsboro (Cleveland) 

West Chester Twp. (Cincinnati) 

Oklahoma: 

Oklahoma City (FDX Ground) 

Oklahoma City (Bunzl) 

Oklahoma City (Amazon) 

Oklahoma City (Amazon II) 

Tulsa 

Pennsylvania: 

Altoona 

Imperial (Pittsburgh) 

Monaca (Pittsburgh) 

South Carolina: 

Aiken (Augusta, GA) 

Charleston (FDX) 

Charleston (FDX Ground) 

Ft. Mill (Charlotte, NC) 

Hanahan (Charleston) (SAIC) 

Hanahan (Charleston) (Amazon) 

Tennessee: 

Chattanooga 

Lebanon (Nashville) 

Memphis 

Shelby County 

Texas: 

Carrollton (Dallas) 

Corpus Christi 

Edinburg 

El Paso 

Ft. Worth (Dallas) 

Houston 

Lindale (Tyler) 

Mesquite (Dallas) 

Spring (Houston) 

Waco 

Utah: 

Ogden (Salt Lake City) 

Virginia: 

Charlottesville 

Mechanicsville (Richmond) 

Richmond 

Roanoke (CHEP USA) 

Roanoke (FDX Ground) 

Washington: 

Burlington (Seattle/Everett) 

Wisconsin: 

Cudahy (Milwaukee) 

Green Bay 

Total as of September 30, 2020 

million at a fixed interest rate of . Annual
rental revenue over the remaining term of the lease averages million. 

On
December 24, 2020, we purchased a newly constructed square foot industrial building, situated on acres, located in the
Atlanta, GA MSA. The building is net-leased to Home Depot U.S.A., Inc. for years through . The purchase price was
 million. We obtained a year, fully-amortizing mortgage loan of million at a fixed interest rate of . Annual rental
revenue over the remaining term of the lease averages million. 

On
July 29, 2021, we purchased a newly constructed 144,000 square foot industrial building, situated on 43.4 acres, located in the Burlington,
VT MSA. The building is 100 net-leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. for 15 years through May 2036. The property was acquired
for a purchase price of 54.8 million. Annual rental revenue over the remaining term of the lease averages 3.2 million. Subsequent to
the closing of the purchase, we obtained a mortgage loan commitment for a , fully-amortizing mortgage loan of million at
a fixed interest rate of . 

On
August 25, 2021, we purchased a newly constructed 259,000 square foot industrial building, situated on 42.6 acres, located in the Knoxville,
TN MSA. The building is 100 net-leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. for 15 years through May 2036. The property was acquired
for a purchase price of 34.4 million. Annual rental revenue over the remaining term of the lease averages 2.0 million. Subsequent to
the closing of the purchase, we obtained a mortgage loan commitment for a , fully-amortizing mortgage loan of million at
a fixed interest rate of . 

Subsequent
to fiscal yearend, on October 27, 2021, we purchased a newly constructed square foot industrial building, situated on acres,
located in the Birmingham, AL MSA. The building is net-leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. for years through .
The property was acquired for a purchase price of million. Annual rental revenue over the remaining term of the lease averages
 million. We obtained a mortgage loan commitment for a , fully-amortizing mortgage loan of million at a fixed interest
rate of , which has not yet closed. 

We
evaluated the property acquisitions which took place during the twelve months ended September 30, 2021, to determine whether an integrated
set of assets and activities meets the definition of a business, pursuant to ASU 2017-01. Acquisitions that do not meet the definition
of a business are accounted for as asset acquisitions. Accordingly, we accounted for all four properties purchased during fiscal 2021
as asset acquisitions and allocated the total cash consideration, including transaction costs of , to the individual assets acquired
on a relative fair value basis. There were no liabilities assumed in these acquisitions. The financial information set forth below summarizes
our purchase price allocation for these four properties acquired during the fiscal year 2021 that were accounted for as asset acquisitions in thousands ): 

Building 

In-Place Leases 

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Common Shareholders 

FedEx
Ground Package System, Inc. s ultimate parent, FedEx Corporation, and Home Depot U.S.A., Inc s ultimate parent, Home Depot,
Inc., are publicly-listed companies and financial information related to these entities are available at the SEC s website, www.sec.gov .
The references in this report to the SEC s website are not intended to and do not include, or incorporate by reference into this
report, the information on the www.sec.gov website. 

Fiscal
2021 Expansions 

During
fiscal 2021, we completed the first phase of a two-phase parking expansion project for FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. at our property
located in Olathe (Kansas City), KS. The first phase of this parking expansion project was completed for a total cost of million,
resulting in an initial increase in annual rent effective November 5, 2020 of approximately from approximately million,
or per square foot, to approximately million, or per square foot. Furthermore, annual rent increased by on June
1, 2021 and will continue to increase every five years, resulting in an annualized rent from November 5, 2021 through the remaining
term of the lease of approximately million, or 8.15 per square foot. We recently began construction on the second phase of this
parking expansion project at this location, which upon completion will further increase the rental rate and extend the lease term. 

, resulting in an initial increase in annual rent effective on the date of completion of approximately
 52,000 from approximately 510,000, or 6.80 per square foot, to approximately 562,000, or 7.50 per square foot. Furthermore, annual
rent will continue to increase each year by resulting in an annualized rent from June 4, 2021 through the remaining term of the
lease of approximately 622,000, or 8.29 per square foot. 

We
have several FedEx Ground parking expansion projects in progress with more under discussion. Currently there are nine parking expansion
projects underway, which we expect to cost approximately million. These parking expansion projects will enable us to capture additional
rent while lengthening the terms of these leases. We are also in discussions to expand the parking at eight additional locations bringing
the total recently completed and likely future parking lot expansion projects to 18 currently. 

Due
to the proliferation of ecommerce sales and last mile deliveries, it is important to take into account the large amounts of real estate
utilized for trailer, van, and car parking at many of our properties in determining how our in-place rental rates compare to market rental
rates for properties being used in a similar manner. Rents per square foot on properties that may be nearby, but have only limited acreage
devoted to parking, are poor comparisons as they cannot accommodate the same tenant needs. 

Fiscal
2021 Disposition 

On
April 15, 2021, 

Fiscal
2020 Acquisitions 

On
October 10, 2019, we purchased a newly constructed square foot industrial building, situated on acres, located in the Indianapolis,
IN Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA). The building is net-leased to a subsidiary of Amazon.com Services, Inc. (Amazon) for through . The lease is guaranteed by Amazon. The purchase price was million. We obtained an , fully-amortizing
mortgage loan of million at a fixed interest rate of . Annual rental revenue over the remaining term of the lease averages
 million. 

On
March 30, 2020, we purchased a newly constructed square foot industrial building, situated on acres, located in the Columbus,
OH MSA. The building is net-leased to Magna Seating of America, Inc. for through . The purchase price was 
million. We obtained a , fully-amortizing mortgage loan of million at a fixed interest rate of . Annual rental revenue
over the remaining term of the lease averages million. 

On
May 21, 2020, we purchased a newly constructed 286,000 square foot industrial building, situated on 39.3 acres, located in the Greensboro,
NC MSA. The building is 100 net-leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. for 15 years through April 2035. The purchase price was
 47.6 million. We obtained a , fully-amortizing mortgage loan of million at a fixed interest rate of . Annual rental
revenue over the remaining term of the lease averages 3.0 million. 

On
May 21, 2020, we purchased a newly constructed square foot industrial building, situated on acres, located in the Salt Lake
City, UT MSA. The building is net-leased to FedEx Corporation for through . The purchase price was million.
We obtained a , fully-amortizing mortgage loan of million at a fixed interest rate of . Annual rental revenue over the
remaining term of the lease averages . 

On
September 15, 2020, we purchased a newly constructed square foot industrial building, situated on acres, located in Oklahoma
City, OK. The building is net-leased to a subsidiary of Amazon for through . The lease is guaranteed by Amazon.
The purchase price was million. We obtained a , fully-amortizing mortgage loan of million at a fixed interest rate
of . Annual rental revenue over the remaining term of the lease averages . 

We
evaluated the property acquisitions which took place during the twelve months ended September 30, 2020, to determine whether an integrated
set of assets and activities meets the definition of a business, pursuant to ASU 2017-01. Acquisitions that do not meet the definition
of a business are accounted for as asset acquisitions. Accordingly, we accounted for all five properties purchased during fiscal 2020
as asset acquisitions and allocated the total cash consideration, including transaction costs of , to the individual assets acquired
on a relative fair value basis. There were no liabilities assumed in these acquisitions. The financial information set forth below summarizes
our purchase price allocation for these five properties acquired during the fiscal year 2020 that were accounted for as asset acquisitions in thousands ): 

Building 

In-Place Leases 

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Common Shareholders 

FedEx
Ground Package System, Inc. s ultimate parent, FedEx Corporation, Magna Seating of America, Inc. s ultimate parent, Magna
International Inc. and Amazon are publicly-listed companies that are considered Investment Grade by S P Global Ratings www.standardandpoors.com and by Moody s www.moodys.com ). The references in this report to the S P Global Ratings website and the Moody s
website are not intended to and do not include, or incorporate by reference into this report, the information of S P Global Ratings
or Moody s on such websites. 

Consolidated
Statements of Income for the three fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 of properties sold during the periods presented 

On
April 15, 2021, 

Since
the sale of this property does not represent a strategic shift that has a major effect on our operations and financial results, the results
of operations generated from this property are not included in Discontinued Operations. There were no properties sold during fiscal 2019
or 2020. The following table summarizes in thousands the operations of this property, prior to its sale, that is included in
the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) for the three fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019: 

Real Estate Taxes 

Operating Expenses 

Depreciation Amortization 

Interest Expense 

Income from Operations 

Gain on Sale of Real Estate Investment 

Net Income 

Less: Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Non-Controlling
 Interest 

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Shareholders 

Pro
forma information (unaudited) 

The
following unaudited pro-forma condensed financial information has been prepared utilizing our historical financial statements, the effect
of the reduction of revenue and expenses that will no longer be generated from a property that was sold on April 15, 2021 and the effect
of additional revenue and expenses generated from properties acquired and expanded during fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, assuming that
the property acquisitions, completed expansions and the sale of one property had occurred as of October 1, 2019, after giving effect
to certain adjustments including: (a) Rental Revenue adjustments resulting from the straight-lining of scheduled rent increases, (b)
Interest Expense resulting from the assumed increase in Fixed Rate Mortgage Notes Payable and Loans Payable related to the new acquisitions,
and (c) Depreciation Expense related to the new acquisitions and expansions. Furthermore, the net proceeds raised from our Dividend Reinvestment
and Stock Purchase Plan (the DRIP) were used to fund property acquisitions and expansions and therefore, the weighted average shares
outstanding used in calculating the pro-forma Basic and Diluted Net Income (Loss) per Share Attributable to Common Shareholders has been
adjusted to account for the increase in shares issued pursuant to the DRIP, as if all such shares have been issued on October 1, 2019.
Additionally, the net proceeds raised from the issuance of additional shares of our Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock,
 par value per share Series C Preferred Stock), through our At-The-Market Sales Agreement Program were used to help fund
property acquisitions and, therefore, the pro-forma preferred dividend has been adjusted to account for its effect on pro-forma Net Income
(Loss) Attributable to Common Shareholders as if all the preferred stock issuances had occurred on October 1, 2019. The unaudited pro-forma
condensed financial information is not indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved had the acquisitions and
expansions reflected herein been consummated on the dates indicated or that will be achieved in the future. 

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Common Shareholders 

Basic Net Income (Loss) per Share Attributable
 to Common Shareholders 

Diluted Net Income (Loss) per Share Attributable
 to Common Shareholders 

Lebanon (Nashville), TN 

Rockford, IL (Sherwin-Williams Co.) 

Edinburg, TX 

Corpus Christi, TX 

Olive Branch (Memphis, TN), MS (Anda Pharmaceuticals) 

Livonia (Detroit), MI 

Stewartville (Rochester), MN 

Buckner (Louisville), KY 

Edwardsville (Kansas City), KS (International
 Paper) 

Lindale (Tyler), TX 

Sauget (St. Louis, MO), IL 

Rockford, IL (Collins Aerospace Systems) 

Kansas City, MO 

Monroe, OH (Cincinnati) 

Cincinnati, OH 

Imperial (Pittsburgh), PA 

Burlington (Seattle/Everett), WA 

Colorado Springs, CO 

Hamburg (Buffalo), NY 

Ft. Myers, FL 

Walker (Grand Rapids), MI 

Aiken (Augusta, GA), SC 

Mesquite (Dallas), TX 

Homestead (Miami), FL 

Oklahoma City, OK (Bunzl) 

Concord (Charlotte), NC 

As
 of 9/30/21 
 As
 of 9/30/20 
 
 Kenton, OH 

Stow, OH 

Charleston, SC (FDX) 

Oklahoma City, OK (Amazon) 

Savannah, GA (Shaw) 

Daytona Beach, FL 

Mobile, AL 

Charleston, SC (FDX Ground) 

Braselton (Atlanta), GA 

Trenton, NJ 

Savannah, GA (FDX Ground) 

Lafayette, IN 

Greenwood (Indianapolis), IN (Amazon) 

Lancaster (Columbus), OH 

Whitsett (Greensboro), NC 

Ogden (Salt Lake City), UT 

Oklahoma City, OK (Amazon II) 

Plain City (Columbus), OH 

Locust Grove (Atlanta), GA 

Burlington, VT 

Kodak (Knoxville), TN 

Total Intangible Assets,
 net of Accumulated Amortization 

Amortization
expense related to the intangible assets attributable to acquired in-place leases was million, .0 million and million for
the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. We estimate that the aggregate amortization expense for these existing
intangible assets will be million, million, .0 million, million, and million for each of the fiscal years 2022,
2023, 2024, 2025 and 2026, respectively. The amount that is being amortized into rental revenue related to the intangible assets attributable
to acquired above market leases was 103,000 for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. We estimate that the aggregate amount
that will be amortized into rental revenue for existing intangible assets will be for fiscal year 2022. 

million square feet of property, of which million square feet, or , consisting of 65 separate
stand-alone leases, were leased to FedEx Corporation (FDX) and its subsidiaries to FDX and to FDX subsidiaries). These properties
are located in 27 different states. As of September 30, 2021, the 65 separate stand-alone leases that are leased to FDX and FDX subsidiaries
had a weighted average lease maturity of years. As of September 30, 2021, in addition to FDX and its subsidiaries, the only tenants
that leased or more of our total square footage were subsidiaries of Amazon, which are parties to five separate stand-alone leases
for properties located in four different states, containing million total square feet, comprising of our total leasable square
feet. None of our properties are subject to a master lease or any cross-collateralization agreements. The tenants that leased more than
5 of total rentable square footage as of September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019 were as follows: 

Subsidiaries of Amazon 

During
fiscal 2021, the only tenants that accounted for or more of our rental and reimbursement revenue were FDX (including its subsidiaries)
and subsidiaries of Amazon. Our rental and reimbursement revenue from FDX and its subsidiaries for the fiscal years ended September 30,
2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, totaled million, million and million, or calculated as a percentage of total rent
and reimbursement revenues were, (5 from FDX and from FDX subsidiaries), from FDX and from FDX subsidiaries) and
 from FDX and from FDX subsidiaries). Subsidiaries of Amazon represented of our Rental and Reimbursement Revenue for the
fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 and 2020. Rental and Reimbursement Revenue from subsidiaries of Amazon for the fiscal year ended
September 30, 2019 was less than 5 of our Rental and Reimbursement Revenue. for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. 

FDX
and Amazon are rated BBB and AA , respectively by S P Global Ratings www.standardandpoors.com and are rated Baa2 and A1 , respectively by Moody s www.moodys.com ), which are both considered
 Investment Grade ratings. The references in this report to the SEC s website, S P Global Ratings website
and Moody s website are not intended to and do not include, or incorporate by reference into this report, the information of FDX,
Amazon, S P Global Ratings or Moody s on such websites. 

million as of September 30, 2021. We intend to limit the size of this portfolio to no more than approximately of our undepreciated
assets, which we define as total assets excluding accumulated depreciation. We continue to believe that our REIT securities portfolio
provides us with diversification, income, a source of potential liquidity when needed and also serves as a proxy for real estate when
more favorable risk adjusted returns are not available in the private real estate markets. Our decision to reduce this threshold mainly
stems from the implementation of accounting rule ASU 2016-01, Financial Instruments Overall: Recognition and Measurement
of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities , which took effect at the beginning of fiscal 2019. This new rule requires that
quarterly changes in the market value of our marketable securities flow through our Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss). The implementation
of this accounting rule has resulted in increased volatility in our reported earnings and some of our key performance metrics. Total
assets excluding accumulated depreciation were billion as of September 30, 2021. Our million investment in marketable REIT
securities as of September 30, 2021 represented of our undepreciated assets. 

During
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, our preferred stock investment in UMH s Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred
Stock was redeemed and called for redemption at its liquidation value, which was equal to our cost basis. In addition, during the fiscal
year ended September 30, 2021, we also sold marketable REIT securities for gross proceeds totaling million with an original cost
basis of million, resulting in a realized gain of million. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, one of our preferred
stock investments was called for redemption at its liquidation value, which was equal to our cost basis. Other than these two Preferred
Stock redemptions and the sales of securities that took place during fiscal 2021, there have been no open market purchases or sales of
securities during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. We recorded the following realized Gain on Sale of Securities
Transactions for the fiscal years ended September 30 in thousands ): 

Gross realized losses 

Gains on Sale of Securities Transactions, net 

We
recognized dividend income from our portfolio of REIT investments for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 of 
million, million and million, respectively. As of September 30, 2021, we had total net unrealized holding losses on our securities
portfolio of million. As a result of the adoption of ASU 2016-01, On October 1, 2018, we recorded a ) million adjustment
to beginning Undistributed Income (Loss). In addition, million, ) million and ) million of the net unrealized holding
gains (losses) have been reflected as Unrealized Holding Gains (Losses) Arising During the Periods in the accompanying Consolidated Statements
of Income (Loss) for the fiscal years ended 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The components of the Unrealized Holding Gains (Losses)
Arising During the Periods included in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) for the fiscal years ended September
30 in thousands are as follows: 

Reclassification Adjustment for Net (Gains)
 Realized in Income 

Unrealized Holding Gains (Losses) Arising During
 the Period 

We
normally hold REIT securities long-term and have the ability and intent to hold these securities to recovery. We have determined that
none of our security holdings are other than temporarily impaired and therefore all unrealized gains and losses from these securities
have been recognized as Unrealized Holding Gains (Losses) Arising During the Periods in our Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss).
If we were to determine any of our securities to be other than temporarily impaired, we would present these unrealized holding losses
as an impairment charge in our Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss). 

Cedar Realty Trust, Inc. 
 B 

iStar Inc. 
 D 

iStar Inc. 
 I 

Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust 
 D 

Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust 
 B 

Total Equity Securities - Preferred Stock 

Description 
 Number
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value 
 
 Equity
 Securities - Common Stock: 

CBL 
 Associates Properties, Inc. 

Diversified Healthcare
 Trust 

Franklin Street Properties
 Corp. 

Kimco Realty Corporation 

Office Properties Income
 Trust 

Pennsylvania Real Estate
 Investment Trust 

Tanger Factory Outlet
 Centers, Inc. 

VEREIT, Inc. 

Washington Prime Group
 Inc. 

UMH
 Properties, Inc. (1) 

Total
 Equity Securities - Common Stock 

Description 
 Interest
 Rate/ Dividend 
 Number
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value 
 
 Modified Pass-Through Mortgage-Backed
 Securities: 

Government National Mortgage Association
 (GNMA) 

Total Securities Available for Sale 

(1) 

The
following is a listing of our investments in securities at September 30, 2020 in thousands ): 

Description 
 Series 
 Interest
 Rate/ Dividend 
 Number
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value 
 
 Equity Securities - Preferred
 Stock: 

CBL Associates Properties,
 Inc. 
 D 

Cedar Realty Trust, Inc. 
 B 

iStar Inc. 
 D 

iStar Inc. 
 I 

Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust 
 D 

Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust 
 B 

UMH Properties, Inc. (1) (2) 
 B 

Total Equity Securities - Preferred Stock 

Description 
 Number
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value 
 
 Equity Securities - Common
 Stock: 

CBL Associates Properties,
 Inc. 

Diversified Healthcare Trust 

Five Star Senior Living Inc. 

Franklin Street Properties Corp. 

Industrial Logistics Property Trust 

Kimco Realty Corporation 

Office Properties Income Trust 

Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust 

Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc. 

VEREIT, Inc. 

Washington Prime Group Inc. 

UMH Properties, Inc. (1) 

Total Equity Securities - Common Stock 

Description 
 Interest
 Rate/ Dividend 
 Number
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value 
 
 Modified Pass-Through Mortgage-Backed
 Securities: 

Government National Mortgage Association
 (GNMA) 

Total Securities Available for Sale 

(1) 

(2) Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred
 Stock at a cash redemption price of per share, plus all accrued and unpaid dividends. 

properties, of which 60 carried Fixed Rate Mortgage Notes Payable with outstanding principal balances
totaling million. Interest is payable on these mortgages at fixed rates ranging from to , with a weighted average interest
rate of . This compares to a weighted average interest rate of as of September 30, 2020. As of September 30, 2021, the weighted
average loan maturity of the Mortgage Notes Payable was . This compares to a weighted average loan maturity of the Mortgage
Notes Payable of as of September 30, 2020. 

As
described in Note 3, during fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, we entered into two mortgages in connection with two of the four acquisitions
we acquired during the 2021 fiscal year. These two mortgages consisted of one year fully-amortizing mortgage loan and one year
fully-amortizing mortgage loan. These two mortgage loans originally totaled million, with an original weighted average mortgage
loan maturity of years with interest rates ranging from to resulting in a weighted average interest rate of . In
connection with the remaining two properties acquired during the 2021 fiscal year, we entered into commitments for two, 15 year, fully-amortizing
mortgage loans. These four fully-amortizing loans have a weighted average term of years. The principal amount of the four mortgage
loans originally totaled million with fixed interest rates ranging from to , resulting in a weighted average fixed
interest rate of . 

Subsequent
to fiscal yearend, on October 27, 2021, we purchased a newly constructed square foot industrial building, situated on acres,
located in the Birmingham, AL MSA. The building is net-leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. for years through .
The property was acquired for a purchase price of million. Annual rental revenue over the remaining term of the lease averages
 million. We obtained a mortgage loan commitment for a year, fully-amortizing mortgage loan of million at a fixed interest
rate of , which has not yet closed. 

During
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, we fully prepaid four self-amortizing mortgage loans for our properties located in Carlstadt,
NJ, Houston, TX, Kansas City, KS and Topeka, KS. These loans were at a weighted average interest rate of . Subsequent to fiscal
yearend, on November 1, 2021, we fully prepaid a million mortgage loan for our property located in Streetsboro (Cleveland), OH.
The loan had an interest rate of . 

During
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, we fully repaid two self-amortizing mortgage loans for our properties located in Augusta, GA
and Huntsville, AL. These loans were at a weighted average interest rate of . 

Debt Issuance Costs 

Accumulated Amortization of Debt Issuance Costs 

Unamortized Debt Issuance Costs 

Fixed Rate Mortgage Notes Payable, net of Unamortized
 Debt Issuance Costs 

(1) 

Streetsboro, OH (Cleveland) 
 (2) 

Kansas City, MO 
 (1) 

Olive Branch, MS (Memphis, TN)(Anda Pharmaceuticals, Inc.) 

Waco, TX 

Houston, TX 
 (1) 

Tolleson, AZ (Phoenix) 

Edwardsville, KS (Kansas City)(International Paper) 

Spring, TX (Houston) 

Memphis, TN 

Oklahoma City, OK (FDX Ground) 

Indianapolis, IN 

Frankfort, KY (Lexington) 

Carrollton, TX (Dallas) 

Altoona, PA 
 (3) 

Green Bay, WI 
 (3) 

Stewartville, MN (Rochester) 
 (3) 

Carlstadt, NJ (New York, NY) 
 (4) 

Roanoke, VA (FDX Ground) 

Livonia, MI (Detroit) 

Oklahoma City, OK (Amazon) 

Olive Branch, MS (Memphis, TN) (Milwaukee Tool) 

Tulsa, OK 

Oklahoma City, OK (Bunzl) 

Lindale, TX (Tyler) 

Sauget, IL (St. Louis, MO) 

Jacksonville, FL (FDX Ground) 

Lancaster (Columbus), OH 

Imperial, PA (Pittsburgh) 

Monroe, OH (Cincinnati) 
 (5) 

Monroe, OH (Cincinnati) 
 (5) 

Greenwood, IN (Indianapolis) (ULTA) 

Ft. Worth, TX (Dallas) 

Concord, NC (Charlotte) 

Covington, LA (New Orleans) 

Burlington, WA (Seattle/Everett) 

Louisville, KY 

Colorado Springs, CO 

Davenport, FL (Orlando) 

Olathe, KS (Kansas City) 

Hamburg, NY (Buffalo) 

Ft. Myers, FL 

Savannah, GA (Shaw) 

Walker, MI (Grand Rapids) 

Mesquite, TX (Dallas) 

Aiken, SC (Augusta, GA) 

Homestead, FL (Miami) 

Mobile, AL 

Concord, NC (Charlotte) 

Kenton, OH 

Stow, OH 

Charleston, SC (FDX) 

Daytona Beach, FL 

Charleston, SC (FDX Ground) 

Property 
 
 Fixed Rate 
 Maturity Date 
 Balance 9/30/21 
 Balance 9/30/20 
 
 Braselton, GA (Atlanta) 

Buckner, KY (Louisville) 

Trenton, NJ 

Savannah, GA (FDX Ground) 

Lafayette, IN 

Whitsett (Greensboro), NC 

Ogden (Salt Lake City), UT 

Oklahoma City, OK (Amazon) 

Plain City (Columbus), OH 

Greenwood (Indianapolis), IN (Amazon II) 

Locust Grove (Atlanta), GA 

Total Mortgage Notes Payable 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

2023 
 
 2023 

2024 
 
 2024 

2025 
 
 2025 

2026 
 
 2026 

Thereafter 
 
 Thereafter 

Total 

Loans
Payable: 

BMO
Capital Markets 

The
 .0 million Loans Payable represents our .0 million unsecured term loan (the Term Loan and 175.0 drawn down under
our unsecured line of credit facility (the Revolver ). On November 15, 2019, we entered into a new line of credit facility
(the New Facility consisting of a million Revolver and a new million Term Loan, resulting in the total potential
availability under both the Revolver and the Term Loan of .0 million, which is an additional million over the former line
of credit facility. In addition, the Revolver includes an accordion feature that will allow the total potential availability under the
New Facility to further increase to million, under certain conditions. The million Revolver matures in with
two options to extend for additional six-month periods. In addition, , and will, at our election, either
i) bear interest at , depending on our leverage ratio, or ii) bear interest at , depending on our leverage ratio. Currently, our borrowings
bear interest under the Revolver at , which results in an interest rate of . As of the fiscal yearend
and currently, we have 175.0 million drawn down under our Revolver, resulting in .0 million being currently available. Including
the accordion feature, we have up to 150.0 million potentially available under the Revolver. As of September 30, 2021, Loans Payable
represented .0 million outstanding under our Term Loan which matures and .0 million outstanding under our Revolver
which matures in January 2024. 
resulting in an all-in rate of . 

Margin
Loans 

From
time to time we use a margin loan for purchasing securities, for temporary funding of acquisitions, and for working capital purposes.
This loan is due on demand and is collateralized by our securities portfolio. We must maintain a coverage ratio of approximately .
The interest rate charged on the margin loan is the bank s margin rate and is . At September 30, 2021 and 2020, there were
no amounts drawn down under the margin loan. 

For
the three fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, amortization of financing costs included in interest expense was 
million, million and million, respectively. 

Unearned reimbursement revenue 

Interest Rate Swap, Market Value 

Tenant security deposits 

Deferred Straight Line Rent 

Legal Other Liabilities 

Total 

million shares of
common stock to the share reserve, expanded the types of awards available for grant under the Plan and made other improvements to the
2007 Plan. 

The
Compensation Committee, in its capacity as Plan Administrator, shall determine, among other things: the recipients of awards; the type
and number of awards participants will receive; the terms, conditions and forms of the awards; the times and conditions subject to which
awards may be exercised or become vested, deliverable or exercisable, or as to which any restrictions may apply or lapse; and may amend
or modify the terms and conditions of an award, except that repricing of options or Stock Appreciation Rights (SAR) is not permitted
without shareholder approval. 

Regular annual awards granted to non-employee directors as compensation for services as non-employee directors during any fiscal
year may not exceed in value on the date of grant, and the grant date value of any special or one-time award upon election or
appointment to the Board of Directors may not exceed . 

Awards
granted pursuant to the Plan generally may not vest until the first anniversary of the date the award was granted, provided, however,
that up to of the Common Shares available under the Plan may be awarded to any one or more Eligible Individuals without the minimum
vesting period. 

If
an award made under the Plan is forfeited, expires or is converted into shares of another entity in connection with a recapitalization,
reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination, exchange of shares or other similar event, or the award is settled
in cash, the shares associated with the forfeited, expired, converted or settled award will become available for additional awards under
the Plan. 

The
term of any stock option or SAR generally may not be more than years from the date of grant. The exercise price per common share under
the Plan generally may not be below of the fair market value of a common share at the date of grant. 

We
account for our stock options and restricted stock in accordance with ASC 718-10, Compensation-Stock Compensation. ASC 718-10 requires
that compensation cost for all stock awards be calculated and amortized over the service period (generally equal to the vesting period). 

Stock
Options 

During
fiscal 2021, one employee was granted options to purchase shares. During fiscal 2020, one employee was granted options to purchase
 shares. During fiscal 2019, thirteen employees were granted options to purchase shares. The fair value of these options
that were issued during the fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019 was ,000, ,000, and ,000. The value of these options was determined
based on the assumptions below and is being amortized over a vesting period. For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021,
2020 and 2019, amounts charged to compensation expense related to stock options totaled ,000, ,000 and ,000, respectively.
The remaining unamortized stock option expense was ,000 as of September 30, 2021 which will be expensed in fiscal 2022. 

Expected volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected lives (years) 

Estimated forfeitures 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired/Forfeited 

Outstanding at end of year 

Exercisable at end of year 

Weighted average fair value of 

options granted during
 the year 

The
aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding as of September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 was million, million and million,
respectively. The intrinsic value of options exercised in fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019 was ,000, ,000, and ,000, respectively.
The weighted average remaining contractual term of the above options was , and years as of September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019,
respectively. 

Unrestricted
Stock 

Effective
September 12, 2017, a portion of our quarterly directors fee was paid with our unrestricted common stock. During fiscal 2021,
 unrestricted shares of common stock were granted with a weighted average fair value on the grant date of per share. During
fiscal 2020, unrestricted shares of common stock were granted with a weighted average fair value on the grant date of per
share. During fiscal 2019, unrestricted shares of common stock were granted with a weighted average fair value on the grant date
of per share. 

Restricted
Stock 

During
fiscal 2021 and 2020, there were shares of restricted stock awarded under our Plan. During fiscal 2019, we awarded shares of
restricted stock to under our Plan. The grant date fair value of restricted stock grants awarded to participants was
 , and ,000 in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. These grants vest in equal installments over . As of September
30, 2021, there remained a total of ,000 of unrecognized restricted stock compensation related to outstanding non-vested restricted
stock grants awarded under the Plan and outstanding at that date. Restricted stock compensation is expected to be expensed over a remaining
weighted average period of years. For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, amounts charged to compensation expense
related to restricted stock grants totaled ,000, ,000 and ,000, respectively. 

Granted 

Dividend Reinvested Shares 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Non-vested at end of year 

As
of September 30, 2021, there were million shares available for grant under the Plan. 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

thereafter 

Total 

common shares of UMH for a total cost
of .0 million, or a weighted average cost of per share, which were purchased through UMH s Dividend Reinvestment and Stock
Purchase Plan. We owned a total of million shares of UMH s common stock as of September 30, 2021 at a total cost of million
and a fair value of million representing of the outstanding common shares of UMH. The unrealized gain on our investment in
UMH s common stock as of September 30, 2021 was million. During fiscal 2021, UMH made total purchases of of our common
shares through our DRIP for a total cost of , or a weighted average cost of per share. 

As
of September 30, 2021, we had 14 full-time employees. Our Chairman of the Board is also the Chairman of the Board of UMH. Other than
our Chairman of the Board, we do not share any employees with UMH. 

of our taxable income is distributed. As we have and intend to continue to distribute all of our income, currently
no provision has been made for income taxes. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we will be subject to federal income
taxes at regular corporate rates and may not be able to qualify as a REIT for four subsequent taxable years. Even if we qualify for taxation
as a REIT, we may be subject to certain state and local taxes on our income and property, and to federal income and excise taxes on our
undistributed taxable income. In addition, taxable income from non-REIT activities managed through taxable REIT subsidiaries is subject
to federal, state, and local income taxes. 

Federal
Excise Tax 

We
do not have a Federal excise tax liability for the calendar years 2021, 2020 and 2019, since we intend to or have distributed all of
our annual Federal taxable net income. 

Reconciliation
Between U.S. GAAP Net Income and Taxable Income 

Book / tax difference on gains realized from
 capital transactions 

Stock compensation expense 

Unrealized Holding (Gain)/Loss Arising During
 the Period 

Other book / tax differences, net 

Taxable income before adjustments 

Add: Capital gains (losses) 

Estimated taxable income subject to 90 
 dividend requirement 

Reconciliation
Between Cash Dividends Paid and Dividends Paid Deduction 

Less: Return of capital 

Estimated dividends paid deduction 

.0 million shares of common stock, of which million shares were issued
and outstanding, million authorized shares of Series C Preferred Stock, of which million shares were issued and outstanding,
and .0 million authorized shares of Excess Stock, par value per share, of which were issued or outstanding. 

Common
Stock 

We
have implemented a Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan (the DRIP) effective December 15, 1987. Under the terms of the DRIP,
as subsequently amended, shareholders who participate may reinvest all or part of their dividends in additional shares at a discounted
price (approximately of market value) directly from us, from authorized but unissued shares of our common stock. Shareholders may
also purchase additional shares through the DRIP by making optional cash payments monthly. In January 2021, when our Board of Directors
unanimously decided to explore strategic alternatives to maximize shareholder value, the Board also determined to temporarily suspend
our DRIP program during this process. Because the exploration of strategic alternative process is still ongoing, the DRIP program remains
suspended. 

Less: Dividend reinvestments 

Amounts received, net 

Number of Shares Issued 

(1) per payment nor more than unless a request
 for a waiver has been accepted by us. We have not granted any waivers since March 2020 and
 the DRIP program has been temporarily suspended since January 2021. 

March 31 

June 30 

September 30 

On
January 14, 2021, our Board of Directors approved a increase in our quarterly common stock dividend, raising it to per share
from per share representing an annualized dividend rate of per share. This increase was the third dividend increase in the
past five years, representing a total increase of . We have maintained or increased our common stock cash dividend for 30 consecutive
years. We are one of the few REITs that maintained our dividend throughout the Global Financial Crisis. On October 1, 2021, our Board
of Directors declared a dividend of per share to be paid December 15, 2021 to common shareholders of record as of the close of
business on November 15, 2021. 

On
February 6, 2020, we entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement (Common Stock ATM Program) with BMO Capital Markets Corp., B. Riley
Securities, Inc. (formerly B. Riley FBR, Inc.), D.A. Davidson Co., Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and
RBC Capital Markets, LLC (together the Distribution Agents under which we may offer and sell shares of our common stock,
 par value per share, having an aggregate sales price of up to .0 million from time to time through the Distribution Agents.
Sales of the shares of Common Stock under the Agreement, if any, will be in at the market offerings. We implemented the
Common Stock ATM program for the flexibility that it provides to opportunistically access the capital markets and to best time our equity
capital needs as we close on acquisitions. To date, we have not raised any equity though our Common Stock Equity Program and it has since
expired. 

Repurchase
of Common Stock 

On
January 16, 2019, our Board of Directors authorized a .0 million increase to our previously announced 10.0 million Common Stock Repurchase
Program (the Program ), bringing the total available under the Program to .0 million. The timing, manner, price and amount
of any repurchase will be determined by us at our discretion and will be subject to economic and market conditions, stock price, applicable
legal requirements and other factors. The Program does not have a termination date and may be suspended or discontinued at our discretion
without prior notice. On September 14, 2021, our Board of Directors reaffirmed the Program that authorizes us to purchase up to .0
million of shares of our common stock. Under the Program, during fiscal 2020, we repurchased shares of our common stock for 
million at an average price of per share. These were the only repurchases made under the Program to date and we may elect not
to repurchase any additional common stock in the future. The remaining maximum dollar value that may be purchased under the Repurchase
Program as of September 30, 2021 is million. 

Preferred
Stock 

6.125 
Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock 

As
of September 30, 2021, .0 million shares of our Series C Preferred Stock were outstanding representing a liquidation preference
of million. 

At-the-Market
Sales Agreement Program for our 6.125 Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock 

On
June 29, 2017, we entered into a Preferred Stock At-The-Market Sales Agreement Program with B. Riley FBR, Inc., or B. Riley (formerly
FBR Capital Markets Co.), that provided for the offer and sale of shares of our 6.125 Series C Preferred Stock, having an aggregate
sales price of up to .0 million. 

On
August 2, 2018, we replaced this program with a new Preferred Stock At-The-Market Sales Agreement Program that provides for the offer
and sale from time to time of .0 million of our Series C Preferred Stock, representing an additional million, with 
million being carried over from the Preferred Stock At-The-Market Sales Agreement Program entered into on June 29, 2017. 

On
December 4, 2019, we replaced the Preferred Stock At-The-Market Sales Agreement Program entered into on August 2, 2018 with another Preferred
Stock At-The-Market Sales Agreement Program that provides for the offer and sale from time to time of .0 million of our Series
C Preferred Stock, representing an additional .0 million, with .0 million being carried over from the Preferred Stock At-The-Market
Sales Agreement Program entered into on August 2, 2018. 

On
November 25, 2020, we entered into a Preferred Stock At-The-Market Sales Agreement Program (Preferred Stock ATM Program) with B. Riley
FBR., or B. Riley, providing for the offer and sale from time to time of up to .0 million of our Series C Preferred Stock,
which replaced a previous Preferred Stock ATM Program entered into on December 4, 2019 (which itself had replaced an earlier Preferred
Stock ATM Program). 

Sales
of shares of our Series C Preferred Stock under our Preferred Stock ATM Program are in at the market offerings as
defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act, including, without limitation, sales made directly on or through the NYSE, or on any other
existing trading market for the Series C Preferred Stock, or to or through a market maker, or any other method permitted by law,
including, without limitation, negotiated transactions and block trades. We began selling shares through the first of these programs
on July 3, 2017. Since inception through September 30, 2021, we sold million shares of our Series C Preferred Stock under
these programs at a weighted average price of 24.91 per share, and generated net proceeds, after offering expenses, of million,
of which million shares were sold during the 2021 fiscal year at a weighted average price of 24.88 per share, generating net proceeds
after offering expenses of .0 million. No shares were sold pursuant to the Preferred Stock ATM Program since December 31, 2020. Our
Preferred Stock ATM Program has since expired. 

Declaration
 Date 
 Record
 Date 
 Payment
 Date 
 Dividend 
 Dividend
 per Share 

Declaration
 Date 
 Record
 Date 
 Payment
 Date 
 Dividend 
 Dividend
 per Share 

The
annual dividend of the 6.125 Series C Preferred Stock is per share, or of the per share liquidation value and
is payable quarterly in arrears on March 15, June 15, September 15, and December 15. The 6.125 Series C Preferred Stock has no maturity
and will remain outstanding indefinitely unless redeemed or otherwise repurchased. Currently, the 6.125 Series C Preferred Stock is
redeemable in whole, or in part, at our option, at a cash redemption price of per share, plus all accrued and unpaid dividends
(whether or not declared) to the date of redemption. 

Upon
the occurrence of a Delisting Event, as defined in the Articles Supplementary (Series C Articles Supplementary) classifying and designating
the 6.125 Series C Preferred Stock, we may, at our option and subject to certain conditions, redeem the 6.125 Series C Preferred Stock,
in whole or in part, . 

Upon
the occurrence of a Change of Control, as defined in the Series C Articles Supplementary, we may, at our option and subject to certain
conditions, redeem the 6.125 Series C Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, . 

On
October 1, 2021, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend for the period September 1, 2021 through November 30, 2021, of
 per share to be paid December 15, 2021 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on November 15, 2021. 

Interest Rate Swap 

Total 

September 30, 2020: 

Securities available for sale 

Interest Rate Swap 

Total 

In
addition to our investments in Securities Available for Sale at Fair Value and our interest rate swap agreement, we are required to disclose
certain information about fair values of our other financial instruments. Estimates of fair value are made at a specific point in time
based upon, where available, relevant market prices and information about the financial instrument. Such estimates do not include any
premium or discount that could result from offering for sale at one time our entire holdings of a particular financial instrument. For
a portion of our other financial instruments, no quoted market value exists. Therefore, estimates of fair value are necessarily based
on a number of significant assumptions (many of which involve events outside of our control). Such assumptions include assessments of
current economic conditions, perceived risks associated with these financial instruments and their counterparties; future expected loss
experience and other factors. Given the uncertainties surrounding these assumptions, the reported fair values represent estimates only,
and therefore cannot be compared to the historical accounting model. The use of different assumptions or methodologies is likely to result
in significantly different fair value estimates. 

The
fair value of Cash and Cash Equivalents approximates their current carrying amounts since all such items are short-term in nature. The
fair value of variable rate Loans Payable approximates their current carrying amounts since such amounts payable are at approximately
a weighted average current market rate of interest. The estimated fair value of fixed rate mortgage notes payable is based on discounting
the future cash flows at a year-end risk adjusted borrowing rate currently available to us for issuance of debt with similar terms and
remaining maturities. These fair value measurements fall within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. At September 30, 2021, the fixed
rate Mortgage Notes Payable fair value (estimated based upon expected cash outflows discounted at current market rates) amounted to 
million and the carrying value amounted to million. When we acquired a property, we allocate purchase price based upon relative
fair value of all the assets and liabilities, including intangible assets and liabilities, relating to the properties acquired lease
(See Note 3). Those fair value measurements were estimated based on independent third-party appraisals and fell within level 3 of the
fair value hierarchy. 

million, .0 million and million, respectively. 

During
fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, we had .0 million, million and million, respectively, of dividends which were reinvested
that required no cash transfers. 

million property purchased in October 2021, as
described below in Note 18, we have entered into agreements to purchase three, new build-to-suit, industrial buildings that are
currently being developed in Alabama, Georgia and Texas, totaling 
 million square feet. These future acquisitions
have net-leased terms ranging from 
 to 
 years with a weighted average lease term of 
 years. The total purchase price for these three
properties is 
 million. All three properties are leased to companies,
or subsidiaries of companies, that are considered Investment Grade by S P Global Ratings www.standardandpoors.com and by
Moody s www.moodys.com ). Two of these three properties, consisting of an aggregate of 
 square feet, or 
of the total leasable area, are leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. Subject to satisfactory due diligence and other customary
closing conditions and requirements, we anticipate closing all three of these transactions during fiscal 2022. 

We
have several FedEx Ground parking expansion projects in progress with more under discussion. Currently there are nine parking expansion
projects underway, which we expect to cost approximately million. These parking expansion projects will enable us to capture additional
rent while lengthening the terms of these leases. We are also in discussions to expand the parking at eight additional locations bringing
the total recently completed and likely future parking lot expansion projects to 18 currently. 

Our
headquarters is located within the Bell Works complex in Holmdel, NJ and comprises square feet of office space and is leased for
 years through December 2029 with two, five-year extension options at fair market rent, as defined in the lease agreement. Initial
annual rent when the lease commenced in September 2019 was at a rate of or per square foot, with annual escalations.
The base rent includes our proportionate share of real estate taxes and common area maintenance and we are responsible for increases
in real estate taxes and common area maintenance above our 2019 base year actual amounts. In addition, we received four months of free
rent and a tenant improvement allowance of per square foot. 

We
and the members of our Board of Directors are defendants in a class action lawsuit that was commenced in the Circuit Court for Baltimore
City, Maryland in August 2021, prior to termination of our merger agreement with EQC, and which currently remains pending. The lawsuit
alleges that our directors violated their legal duties in connection with the proposed EQC merger and seeks injunctive relief and damages.
We believe that the claims asserted in this lawsuit are without merit and that in any event the claims are now moot in light of the termination
of the merger agreement. We intend to seek to have this lawsuit dismissed. However, litigation is inherently uncertain and there can
be no assurance we will be successful in obtaining a dismissal. Four other lawsuits that had been brought with respect to the proposed
merger with EQC after the transaction was announced have since been voluntarily dismissed by the plaintiffs in light of the termination
of the EQC merger agreement. 

In January 2021, we commenced
legal proceedings in the Superior Court of New Jersey, Chancery Division, Monmouth County, against our former general counsel, Allison
Nagelberg, and Blackwells alleging that Ms. Nagelberg was in violation of her obligations owed to us as our former general counsel as
a result of, among other things, having agreed to be a nominee of Blackwells for election to our Board of Directors at our 2021 annual
meeting. The complaint also alleged that Blackwells wrongfully induced Ms. Nagelberg s wrongful actions. Ms. Nagelberg filed counterclaims
against us seeking indemnification and advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of her agreements with us and our charter and bylaws.
Subsequent to September 30, 2021, we entered into a Release and Settlement Agreement with Blackwells and Ms. Nagelberg resolving the
claims asserted in these proceedings and other matters, as described in Note 18. 

in cash or 0.713 EQC common shares, subject to certain caps and prorations set forth in the Amended EQC Merger Agreement.
Both the original EQC Merger Agreement and the Amended EQC Merger Agreement provided that the proposed merger would be subject to customary
closing conditions, including, among others, approval of the proposed merger by the holders of at least two-thirds of our outstanding
common shares, as required by Maryland law and our charter. 

On
August 31, 2021, we held a special meeting of common stockholders to vote on the proposed merger with EQC, and at the special meeting
the proposed merger did not receive approval by the requisite two-thirds of the outstanding shares of our common stock. Following the
special meeting, EQC notified us on August 31, 2021 that EQC was terminating the Amended EQC Merger Agreement as a result of our failure
to obtain the required stockholder approval. As required by the Merger Agreement, we subsequently reimbursed EQC for approximately 
million of expenses incurred by EQC in connection with the proposed merger. 

Pending
litigation relating to the now terminated merger agreement with EQC is described in Note 16 and under Part I, Item 3 Legal Proceedings. 

Following
termination of the Amended EQC Merger Agreement, on September 13, 2021, we announced that our Board of Directors would be re-initiating
its exploration of strategic alternatives and expected to consider a wide range of potential strategic and financial alternatives, including
a potential sale or merger, joint ventures and changes in our capital structure, in an expeditious process. This re-instituted strategic
alternatives review process resulted in our execution of a Merger Agreement with Industrial Logistics Properties Trust on November
5, 2021, as described in Note 18. 

per share to be paid to common shareholders of record
as of the close of business on . In addition, on October 1, 2021,
our Board of Directors declared a dividend of 
 per share to be paid to the 
Series C Preferred shareholders of record as of the close of business on . 

Subsequent
to fiscal yearend, on October 27, 2021, we purchased a newly constructed square foot industrial building, situated on acres,
located in the Birmingham, AL MSA. The building is net-leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. for years through .
The purchase price was million. We obtained a mortgage loan commitment for a year, fully-amortizing mortgage loan of million
at a fixed interest rate of , which has not yet closed. Annual rental revenue over the remaining term of the lease averages 
million. 

Subsequent
to fiscal yearend, on November 1, 2021, we fully prepaid a million mortgage loan for our property located in Streetsboro (Cleveland),
OH. The loan had an interest rate of . 

On November 5, 2021, we entered
into a definitive merger agreement with Industrial Logistics Properties Trust, a Maryland real estate investment trust ILPT ),
under which, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the merger agreement, ILPT agreed to acquire us in an all-cash transaction,
with our common stockholders receiving in cash for each outstanding share of our common stock. ILPT s acquisition of us
is subject to obtaining the requisite approval of our common stockholders and the satisfaction of other customary closing conditions.
Upon closing of the merger with ILPT, holders of our outstanding Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock Series
C Preferred Stock will receive the amount of per share plus any accrued and unpaid dividends. 

On November 4, 2021, we entered
into a Release and Settlement Agreement with our former general counsel, Allison Nagelberg, and Blackwells Capital LLC Blackwells resolving legal proceedings that we had commenced against Ms. Nagelberg and Blackwells in the Superior Court of New Jersey relating to,
among other things, Ms. Nagelberg having been named as a nominee of Blackwells for election to our Board of Directors at our 2021 annual
meeting, and also resolving Ms. Nagelberg s counterclaim against us seeking indemnification and advancement of expenses. In connection
with the settlement, the parties exchanged mutual releases, whereby, among other things, Blackwells agreed to release claims, including
those it had previously demanded that we assert against the members of our Board for alleged breach of their legal duties relating to
the Board s rejection of an unsolicited acquisition offer that we received from Blackwells in December 2020 and subsequent actions
taken by the Board in connection with its review of strategic alternatives earlier this year. 

Simultaneous with the Release
and Settlement Agreement, we and Blackwells entered into a Cooperation Agreement that, among other things, resolved a potential proxy
contest to elect directors at the 2021 Annual Meeting. Under the Cooperation Agreement, Blackwells also agreed, among other things, to
withdraw its slate of proposed nominees and various shareholder proposals for consideration at the 2021 Annual Meeting and committed
to vote all its shares of our common stock at the 2021 Annual Meeting in favor of all of the Board s director nominees and in support
of all Board-recommended proposals, including voting in favor of the Merger Agreement with ILPT. Blackwells also agreed to comply with
certain additional standstill, voting and affirmative solicitation commitments and terms. 

The estimated costs associated with the Release
and Settlement Agreement and the Cooperation Agreement and the related litigation and potential litigation have been reflected in the
accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Total Expenses 

Unrealized Holding Gains (Losses) Arising During
 the Periods 

Other Income (Expense) 

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Shareholders 

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Shareholders
 per diluted share 

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Common Shareholders 

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Common Shareholders
 per diluted share 

FISCAL 2020 
 12/31/19 
 3/31/20 
 6/30/20 
 9/30/20 
 
 Rental and Reimbursement Revenue 

Total Expenses 

Unrealized Holding Gains (Losses) Arising During
 the Periods 

Other Income (Expense) 

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Shareholders 

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Shareholders
 per diluted share 

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Common Shareholders 

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Common Shareholders
 per diluted share 

MONMOUTH
REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION 

Ridgeland (Jackson), MS 

Urbandale (Des Moines), IA 

Richland (Jackson), MS 

O Fallon (St. Louis), MO 

Fayetteville, NC 

Schaumburg (Chicago), IL 

Burr Ridge (Chicago), IL 

Romulus (Detroit), MI 

Liberty (Kansas City), MO 

Omaha, NE 

Charlottesville, VA 

Jacksonville, FL (FDX) 

West Chester Twp. (Cincinnati), OH 

Mechanicsville (Richmond), VA 

St. Joseph, MO 

Newington (Hartford), CT 

Cudahy (Milwaukee), WI 

Beltsville (Washington, DC), MD 

Granite City (St. Louis, MO), IL 

Winston-Salem, NC 

Elgin (Chicago), IL 

Cheektowaga (Buffalo), NY 

Tolleson (Phoenix), AZ 

Edwardsville (Kansas City), KS (Carlstar) 

Wheeling (Chicago), IL 

Richmond, VA 

Tampa, FL (FDX Ground) 

Montgomery (Chicago), IL 

Denver, CO 

Hanahan (Charleston), SC (SAIC) 

Hanahan (Charleston), SC (Amazon) 

Augusta, GA (FDX Ground) 

Tampa, FL (Tampa Bay Grand Prix) 

Huntsville, AL 

Augusta, GA (FDX) 

Lakeland, FL 

El Paso, TX 

Richfield (Cleveland), OH 

Tampa, FL (FDX) 

Griffin (Atlanta), GA 

Roanoke, VA (CHEP USA) 

Orion, MI 

Chattanooga, TN 

Bedford Heights (Cleveland), OH 

Punta Gorda, FL 

Cocoa, FL 

Orlando, FL 

Topeka, KS 

Memphis, TN 

Houston, TX 

Carrollton (Dallas), TX 

MONMOUTH
REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION 

 SCHEDULE
III 

 REAL
ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 SEPTEMBER
30, 2021 

 (in
thousands) 

Column
 A 
 Column
 B 
 Column
 C 
 Column
 D 

Capitalization 

Buildings and 
 Subsequent to 
 
 Description 
 Encumbrances 
 Land 
 Improvements 
 Acquisition 

Ft. Mill (Charlotte, NC), SC 

Lebanon (Nashville), TN 

Rockford, IL (Sherwin-Williams Co.) 

Edinburg, TX 

Streetsboro (Cleveland), OH 

Corpus Christi, TX 

Halfmoon (Albany), NY 

Lebanon (Cincinnati), OH 

Olive Branch (Memphis, TN), MS (Anda Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.) 

Oklahoma City, OK (FDX Ground) 

Waco, TX 

Livonia (Detroit), MI 

Olive Branch (Memphis, TN), MS (Milwaukee Tool) 

Roanoke, VA (FDX Ground) 

Green Bay, WI 

Stewartville (Rochester), MN 

Tulsa, OK 

Buckner (Louisville), KY 

Edwardsville (Kansas City), KS (International
 Paper) 

Altoona, PA 

Spring (Houston), TX 

Indianapolis, IN 

Sauget (St. Louis, MO), IL 

Lindale (Tyler), TX 

Kansas City, MO 

Frankfort (Lexington), KY 

Jacksonville, FL (FDX Ground) 

Monroe (Cincinnati), OH 

Greenwood (Indianapolis), IN (ULTA) 

Ft. Worth (Dallas), TX 

Cincinnati, OH 

Rockford, IL (Collins Aerospace Systems) 

Concord (Charlotte), NC 

Covington (New Orleans), LA 

Imperial (Pittsburgh), PA 

Burlington (Seattle/Everett), WA 

Colorado Springs, CO 

Louisville, KY 

Davenport (Orlando), FL 

Olathe (Kansas City), KS 

Hamburg (Buffalo), NY 

Ft. Myers, FL 

Walker (Grand Rapids), MI 

Mesquite (Dallas), TX 

Aiken (Augusta, GA), SC 

Homestead (Miami), FL 

Oklahoma City, OK (Bunzl) 

Concord (Charlotte), NC 

Kenton, OH 

Stow, OH 

Charleston, SC (FDX) 

Oklahoma City, OK (Amazon) 

MONMOUTH
REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION 

 SCHEDULE
III 

 REAL
ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 SEPTEMBER
30, 2021 

 (in
thousands) 

Column
 A 
 Column
 B 
 Column
 C 
 Column
 D 

Capitalization 

Buildings and 
 Subsequent to 
 
 Description 
 Encumbrances 
 Land 
 Improvements 
 Acquisition 

Savannah, GA (Shaw) 

Daytona Beach, FL 

Mobile, AL 

Charleston, SC (FDX Ground) 

Braselton (Atlanta), GA 

Trenton, NJ 

Savannah, GA (FDX Ground) 

Lafayette, IN 

Greenwood (Indianapolis), IN (Amazon) 

Lancaster (Columbus), OH 

Whitsett (Greensboro), NC 

Ogden (Salt Lake City), UT 

Oklahoma City, OK (Amazon II) 

Plain City (Columbus), OH 

Locust Grove (Atlanta), GA 

Burlington, VT 

Kodak (Knoxville), TN 

Shopping Center 

Somerset, NJ 

Vacant Land 

Shelby County, TN 

MONMOUTH
REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION 

Ridgeland (Jackson), MS 

Urbandale (Des Moines),
 IA 

Richland (Jackson), MS 

O Fallon (St. Louis),
 MO 

Fayetteville, NC 

Schaumburg (Chicago), IL 

Burr Ridge (Chicago), IL 

Romulus (Detroit), MI 

Liberty (Kansas City),
 MO 

Omaha, NE 

Charlottesville, VA 

Jacksonville, FL (FDX) 

West Chester Twp. (Cincinnati),
 OH 

Mechanicsville (Richmond),
 VA 

St. Joseph, MO 

Newington (Hartford), CT 

Cudahy (Milwaukee), WI 

Beltsville (Washington,
 DC), MD 

Granite City (St. Louis,
 MO), IL 

Winston-Salem, NC 

Elgin (Chicago), IL 

Cheektowaga (Buffalo),
 NY 

Tolleson (Phoenix), AZ 

Edwardsville (Kansas City),
 KS (Carlstar) 

Wheeling (Chicago), IL 

Richmond, VA 

Tampa, FL (FDX Ground) 

Montgomery (Chicago), IL 

Denver, CO 

Hanahan (Charleston), SC
 (SAIC) 

Hanahan (Charleston), SC
 (Amazon) 

Augusta, GA (FDX Ground) 

Tampa, FL (Tampa Bay Grand
 Prix) 

Huntsville, AL 

Augusta, GA (FDX) 

Lakeland, FL 

El Paso, TX 

Richfield (Cleveland),
 OH 

Tampa, FL (FDX) 

Griffin (Atlanta), GA 

Roanoke, VA (CHEP USA) 

Orion, MI 

Chattanooga, TN 

Bedford Heights (Cleveland),
 OH 

Punta Gorda, FL 

Cocoa, FL 

Orlando, FL 

Topeka, KS 

Memphis, TN 

Houston, TX 

Carrollton (Dallas), TX 

MONMOUTH
REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION 

 SCHEDULE
III 

 REAL
ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 SEPTEMBER
30, 2021 

 (in
thousands) 

Column
 A 
 Column
 E (1) (2) 

Gross Amount at Which Carried 

September 30, 2021 
 
 Description 
 Land 
 Bldg
 Imp 
 Total 

Ft. Mill (Charlotte,
 NC), SC 

Lebanon (Nashville), TN 

Rockford, IL (Sherwin-Williams
 Co.) 

Edinburg, TX 

Streetsboro (Cleveland),
 OH 

Corpus Christi, TX 

Halfmoon (Albany), NY 

Lebanon (Cincinnati), OH 

Olive Branch (Memphis,
 TN), MS (Anda Pharmaceuticals Inc.) 

Oklahoma City, OK (FDX
 Ground) 

Waco, TX 

Livonia (Detroit), MI 

Olive Branch (Memphis,
 TN), MS (Milwaukee Tool) 

Roanoke, VA (FDX Ground) 

Green Bay, WI 

Stewartville (Rochester),
 MN 

Tulsa, OK 

Buckner (Louisville), KY 

Edwardsville (Kansas City),
 KS (International Paper) 

Altoona, PA 

Spring (Houston), TX 

Indianapolis, IN 

Sauget (St. Louis, MO),
 IL 

Lindale (Tyler), TX 

Kansas City, MO 

Frankfort (Lexington),
 KY 

Jacksonville, FL (FDX Ground) 

Monroe (Cincinnati), OH 

Greenwood (Indianapolis),
 IN (ULTA) 

Ft. Worth (Dallas), TX 

Cincinnati, OH 

Rockford, IL (Collins Aerospace
 Systems) 

Concord (Charlotte), NC 

Covington (New Orleans),
 LA 

Imperial (Pittsburgh),
 PA 

Burlington (Seattle/Everett),
 WA 

Colorado Springs, CO 

Louisville, KY 

Davenport (Orlando), FL 

Olathe (Kansas City), KS 

Hamburg (Buffalo), NY 

Ft. Myers, FL 

Walker (Grand Rapids),
 MI 

Mesquite (Dallas),
 TX 

Aiken (Augusta, GA), SC 

Homestead (Miami), FL 

Oklahoma City, OK (Bunzl) 

Concord (Charlotte), NC 

Kenton, OH 

Stow, OH 

Charleston, SC (FDX) 

Oklahoma City, OK (Amazon) 

MONMOUTH
REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION 

 SCHEDULE
III 

 REAL
ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 SEPTEMBER
30, 2021 

 (in
thousands) 

Column
 A 
 Column
 E (1) (2) 

Gross Amount at Which Carried 

September 30, 2021 
 
 Description 
 Land 
 Bldg
 Imp 
 Total 

Savannah, GA
 (Shaw) 

Daytona Beach, FL 

Mobile, AL 

Charleston, SC (FDX Ground) 

Braselton (Atlanta), GA 

Trenton, NJ 

Savannah, GA (FDX Ground) 

Lafayette, IN 

Greenwood (Indianapolis),
 IN (Amazon) 

Lancaster (Columbus), OH 

Whitsett (Greensboro),
 NC 

Ogden (Salt Lake City),
 UT 

Oklahoma City, OK (Amazon
 II) 

Plain City (Columbus),
 OH 

Locust Grove (Atlanta),
 GA 

Burlington, VT 

Kodak (Knoxville), TN 

Shopping Center 

Somerset, NJ 

Vacant Land 

Shelby County, TN 

(1) See
 pages 125-128 for reconciliation. 

(2) The
 aggregate cost for Federal tax purposes approximates historical cost. 

MONMOUTH
REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION 

(3 
 
 Ridgeland (Jackson), MS 

(3 
 
 Urbandale (Des Moines),
 IA 

(3 
 
 Richland (Jackson), MS 

(3 
 
 O Fallon (St. Louis),
 MO 

(3 
 
 Fayetteville, NC 

(3 
 
 Schaumburg (Chicago), IL 

(3 
 
 Burr Ridge (Chicago), IL 

(3 
 
 Romulus (Detroit), MI 

(3 
 
 Liberty (Kansas City),
 MO 

(3 
 
 Omaha, NE 

(3 
 
 Charlottesville, VA 

(3 
 
 Jacksonville, FL (FDX) 

(3 
 
 West Chester Twp. (Cincinnati),
 OH 

(3 
 
 Mechanicsville (Richmond),
 VA 

(3 
 
 St. Joseph, MO 

(3 
 
 Newington (Hartford), CT 

(3 
 
 Cudahy (Milwaukee), WI 

(3 
 
 Beltsville (Washington,
 DC), MD 

(3 
 
 Granite City (St. Louis,
 MO), IL 

(3 
 
 Winston-Salem, NC 

(3 
 
 Elgin (Chicago), IL 

(3 
 
 Cheektowaga (Buffalo),
 NY 

(3 
 
 Tolleson (Phoenix), AZ 

(3 
 
 Edwardsville (Kansas City),
 KS (Carlstar) 

(3 
 
 Wheeling (Chicago), IL 

(3 
 
 Richmond, VA 

(3 
 
 Tampa, FL (FDX Ground) 

(3 
 
 Montgomery (Chicago), IL 

(3 
 
 Denver, CO 

(3 
 
 Hanahan (Charleston), SC
 (SAIC) 

(3 
 
 Hanahan (Charleston), SC
 (Amazon) 

(3 
 
 Augusta, GA (FDX Ground) 

(3 
 
 Tampa, FL (Tampa Bay Grand
 Prix) 

(3 
 
 Huntsville, AL 

(3 
 
 Augusta, GA (FDX) 

(3 
 
 Lakeland, FL 

(3 
 
 El Paso, TX 

(3 
 
 Richfield (Cleveland),
 OH 

(3 
 
 Tampa, FL (FDX) 

(3 
 
 Griffin (Atlanta), GA 

(3 
 
 Roanoke, VA (CHEP USA) 

(3 
 
 Orion, MI 

(3 
 
 Chattanooga, TN 

(3 
 
 Bedford Heights (Cleveland),
 OH 

(3 
 
 Punta Gorda, FL 

(3 
 
 Cocoa, FL 

(3 
 
 Orlando, FL 

(3 
 
 Topeka, KS 

(3 
 
 Memphis, TN 

(3 
 
 Houston, TX 

(3 
 
 Carrollton (Dallas), TX 

(3 

MONMOUTH
REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION 

 SCHEDULE
III 

 REAL
ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 SEPTEMBER
30, 2021 

 (in
thousands) 

Column
 A 
 Column
 F 
 Column
 G 
 Column
 H 
 Column
 I 

Accumulated 
 Date of 
 Date 
 Depreciable 
 
 Description 
 Depreciation 
 Construction 
 Acquired 
 Life 

Ft. Mill (Charlotte,
 NC), SC 

(3 
 
 Lebanon (Nashville), TN 

(3 
 
 Rockford, IL (Sherwin-Williams
 Co.) 

(3 
 
 Edinburg, TX 

(3 
 
 Streetsboro (Cleveland),
 OH 

(3 
 
 Corpus Christi, TX 

(3 
 
 Halfmoon (Albany), NY 

(3 
 
 Lebanon (Cincinnati), OH 

(3 
 
 Olive Branch (Memphis,
 TN), MS (Anda Pharmaceuticals Inc.) 

(3 
 
 Oklahoma City, OK (FDX
 Ground) 

(3 
 
 Waco, TX 

(3 
 
 Livonia (Detroit), MI 

(3 
 
 Olive Branch (Memphis,
 TN), MS (Milwaukee Tool) 

(3 
 
 Roanoke, VA (FDX Ground) 

(3 
 
 Green Bay, WI 

(3 
 
 Stewartville (Rochester),
 MN 

(3 
 
 Tulsa, OK 

(3 
 
 Buckner (Louisville), KY 

(3 
 
 Edwardsville (Kansas City),
 KS (International Paper) 

(3 
 
 Altoona, PA 

(3 
 
 Spring (Houston), TX 

(3 
 
 Indianapolis, IN 

(3 
 
 Sauget (St. Louis, MO),
 IL 

(3 
 
 Lindale (Tyler), TX 

(3 
 
 Kansas City, MO 

(3 
 
 Frankfort (Lexington),
 KY 

(3 
 
 Jacksonville, FL (FDX Ground) 

(3 
 
 Monroe (Cincinnati), OH 

(3 
 
 Greenwood (Indianapolis),
 IN (ULTA) 

(3 
 
 Ft. Worth (Dallas), TX 

(3 
 
 Cincinnati, OH 

(3 
 
 Rockford, IL (Collins Aerospace
 Systems) 

(3 
 
 Concord (Charlotte), NC 

(3 
 
 Covington (New Orleans),
 LA 

(3 
 
 Imperial (Pittsburgh),
 PA 

(3 
 
 Burlington (Seattle/Everett),
 WA 

(3 
 
 Colorado Springs, CO 

(3 
 
 Louisville, KY 

(3 
 
 Davenport (Orlando), FL 

(3 
 
 Olathe (Kansas City), KS 

(3 
 
 Hamburg (Buffalo), NY 

(3 
 
 Ft. Myers, FL 

(3 
 
 Walker (Grand Rapids),
 MI 

(3 
 
 Mesquite (Dallas), TX 

(3 
 
 Aiken (Augusta, GA), SC 

(3 
 
 Homestead (Miami), FL 

(3 
 
 Oklahoma City, OK (Bunzl) 

(3 
 
 Concord (Charlotte), NC 

(3 
 
 Kenton, OH 

(3 
 
 Stow, OH 

(3 
 
 Charleston, SC (FDX) 

(3 
 
 Oklahoma City, OK (Amazon) 

(3 

MONMOUTH
REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION 

 SCHEDULE
III 

 REAL
ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 SEPTEMBER
30, 2021 

 (in
thousands) 

Column
 A 
 Column
 F 
 Column
 G 
 Column
 H 
 Column
 I 

Accumulated 
 Date of 
 Date 
 Depreciable 
 
 Description 
 Depreciation 
 Construction 
 Acquired 
 Life 

Savannah, GA
 (Shaw) 

(3 
 
 Daytona Beach, FL 

(3 
 
 Mobile, AL 

(3 
 
 Charleston, SC (FDX Ground) 

(3 
 
 Braselton (Atlanta), GA 

(3 
 
 Trenton, NJ 

(3 
 
 Savannah, GA (FDX Ground) 

(3 
 
 Lafayette, IN 

(3 
 
 Greenwood (Indianapolis),
 IN (Amazon) 

(3 
 
 Lancaster (Columbus), OH 

(3 
 
 Whitsett (Greensboro),
 NC 

(3 
 
 Ogden (Salt Lake City),
 UT 

(3 
 
 Oklahoma City, OK (Amazon
 II) 

(3 
 
 Plain City (Columbus),
 OH 

(3 
 
 Locust Grove (Atlanta),
 GA 

(3 
 
 Burlington, VT 

(3 
 
 Kodak (Knoxville), TN 

(3 
 
 Shopping Center 

Somerset, NJ 

(3 
 
 Vacant Land 

Shelby County, TN 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

(3) Depreciation
 is computed based upon the following estimated lives: 
 Building:
31.5 to 39 years; Building Improvements: 3 to 39 years; Tenant Improvements: Lease Term 

MONMOUTH
REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION 

Additions: 

Acquisitions 

Improvements 

Total Additions 

Deletions: 

Sales 

Total Deletions 

Balance-End of Year 

Depreciation 

Sales 

Balance-End of Year 

MONMOUTH
REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO SCHEDULE III 

 SEPTEMBER
30, 2021 

 (in
thousands) 

(1) 
 Reconciliation 

Additions: 

Monaca (Pittsburgh), PA 

Ridgeland (Jackson), MS 

Urbandale (Des Moines), IA 

Richland (Jackson), MS 

O Fallon (St. Louis), MO 

Fayetteville, NC 

Schaumburg (Chicago), IL 

Burr Ridge (Chicago), IL 

Romulus (Detroit), MI 

Liberty (Kansas City), MO 

Omaha, NE 

Charlottesville, VA 

Jacksonville, FL (FDX) 

West Chester Twp. (Cincinnati), OH 

Mechanicsville (Richmond), VA 

St. Joseph, MO 

Newington (Hartford), CT 

Cudahy (Milwaukee), WI 

Beltsville (Washington, DC), MD 

Carlstadt (New York, NY), NJ 

Granite City (St. Louis, MO), IL 

Winston-Salem, NC 

Elgin (Chicago), IL 

Cheektowaga (Buffalo), NY 

Tolleson (Phoenix), AZ 

Edwardsville (Kansas City), KS (Carlstar) 

Wheeling (Chicago), IL 

Richmond, VA 

Tampa, FL (FDX Ground) 

Montgomery (Chicago), IL 

Denver, CO 

Hanahan (Charleston), SC (SAIC) 

Hanahan (Charleston), SC (Amazon) 

Augusta, GA (FDX Ground) 

Tampa, FL (Tampa Bay Grand Prix) 

Huntsville, AL 

Augusta, GA (FDX) 

Lakeland, FL 

El Paso, TX 

Richfield (Cleveland), OH 

Tampa, FL (FDX) 

Griffin (Atlanta), GA 

Roanoke, VA (CHEP USA) 

Orion, MI 

Chattanooga, TN 

Bedford Heights (Cleveland), OH 

Punta Gorda, FL 

Cocoa, FL 

Orlando, FL 

Topeka, KS 

Memphis, TN 

Houston, TX 

Carrollton (Dallas), TX 

MONMOUTH
REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO SCHEDULE III, (CONT D) 

 SEPTEMBER
30, 2021 

 (in
thousands) 

(1) Reconciliation
 (cont d) 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 

Ft. Mill (Charlotte, NC), SC 

Lebanon (Nashville), TN 

Rockford, IL (Sherwin-Williams Co.) 

Edinburg, TX 

Streetsboro (Cleveland), OH 

Corpus Christi, TX 

Halfmoon (Albany), NY 

Lebanon (Cincinnati), OH 

Olive Branch (Memphis, TN), MS (Anda Pharmaceuticals) 

Oklahoma City, OK (FDX Ground) 

Waco, TX 

Livonia (Detroit), MI 

Olive Branch (Memphis, TN), MS (Milwaukee Tool) 

Roanoke, VA (FDX Ground) 

Green Bay, WI 

Stewartville (Rochester), MN 

Tulsa, OK 

Buckner (Louisville), KY 

Edwardsville (Kansas City), KS (International
 Paper) 

Altoona, PA 

Spring (Houston), TX 

Indianapolis, IN 

Sauget (St. Louis, MO), IL 

Lindale (Tyler), TX 

Kansas City, MO 

Frankfort (Lexington), KY 

Jacksonville, FL (FDX Groun d) 

Monroe (Cincinnati), OH 

Greenwood (Indianapolis), IN (ULTA) 

Ft. Worth (Dallas), TX 

Cincinnati, OH 

Rockford, IL (Collins Aerospace Systems) 

Concord (Charlotte), NC 

Covington (New Orleans), LA 

Imperial (Pittsburgh), PA 

Burlington (Seattle/Everett), WA 

Colorado Springs, CO 

Louisville, KY 

Davenport (Orlando), FL 

Olathe (Kansas City), KS 

Hamburg (Buffalo), NY 

Ft. Myers, FL 

Walker (Grand Rapids), MI 

Mesquite (Dallas), TX 

Aiken (Augusta, GA), SC 

Homestead (Miami), FL 

Oklahoma City, OK (Bunzl) 

Concord (Charlotte), NC 

Kenton, OH 

Stow, OH 

Charleston, SC (FDX) 

Oklahoma City, OK (Amazon) 

MONMOUTH
REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO SCHEDULE III, (CONT D) 

 SEPTEMBER
30, 2021 

 (in
thousands) 

(1) Reconciliation
 (cont d) 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 

Savannah, GA (Shaw) 

Daytona Beach, FL 

Mobile, AL 

Charleston, SC (FDX Ground) 

Braselton (Atlanta), GA 

Trenton, NJ 

Savannah, GA (FDX Ground) 

Lafayette, IN 

Greenwood (Indianapolis), IN (Amazon) 

Lancaster (Columbus), OH 

Whitsett (Greensboro), NC 

Ogden (Salt Lake City), UT 

Oklahoma City, OK (Amazon II) 

Plain City (Columbus), OH 

Locust Grove (Atlanta), GA 

Burlington, VT 

Kodak (Knoxville), TN 

Shopping Center 

Somerset, NJ 

Total Additions 

Total Disposals 

Balance End of Year 

119 

 Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 of 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MONMOUTH REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT 

CORPORATION 

(registrant) 

Date:
 November 12, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/
 Michael P. Landy 

Michael
 P. Landy, President, Chief Executive 

Officer
 and Director, its principal executive officer 

Date:
 November 12, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/
 Kevin S. Miller 

Kevin
 S. Miller, Chief Financial Officer, its principal 

financial
 officer and principal accounting officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date: November
 12, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/
 Eugene W. Landy 

Eugene W. Landy, Chairman
 of the Board and Director 

Date: November 12,
 2021 
 By: 
 /s/
 Michael P. Landy 

Michael P. Landy, President,
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Date:
 November 12, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/
 Kevin S. Miller 

Kevin S. Miller, Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 

Date:
 November 12, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/
 Kiernan Conway 

Kiernan Conway, Director 

Date:
 November 12, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/
 Daniel D. Cronheim 

Daniel D. Cronheim, Director 

Date:
 November 12, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/
 Catherine B. Elflein 

Catherine B. Elflein, Director 

Date:
 November 12, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/
 Brian H. Haimm 

Brian H. Haimm, Director 

Date:
 November 12, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/
 Neal Herstik 

Neal Herstik, Director 

Date:
 November 12, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/
 Matthew I. Hirsch 

Matthew I. Hirsch, Director 

Date:
 November 12, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/
 Samuel A. Landy 

Samuel A. Landy, Director 

Date:
 November 12, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/
 Gregory T. Otto 

Gregory T. Otto, Director 

Date:
 November 12, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/
 Sonal Pande 

Sonal Pande, Director 

Date:
 November 12, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/
 Scott L. Robinson 

Scott L. Robinson, Director 

120 

<EX-4.3>
 3
 ex4-3.htm

Exhibit
4.3 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

General 

In
this Exhibit 4.3, we , us , our , MREIC or the Company , refers to
Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation, together with its predecessors and subsidiaries, unless the context requires otherwise. 

Our
authorized stock consists of 526,600,000 shares, classified as 300,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, 200,000,000
shares of excess stock, par value 0.01 per share, and 26,600,000 shares of 6.125 Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par
value .01 per share, or Series C Preferred Stock. The excess stock is intended to, among other purposes, assist us in preserving our
status as a REIT under the Code. See Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer. Under the Maryland General Corporation
Law (the MGCL and our charter, a majority of our entire board of directors has the power, without action by our common
stockholders, to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series
that we have the authority to issue. Our board of directors is also authorized under the MGCL and our charter to classify and reclassify
any unissued shares of our stock into other classes or series of stock. Before we issue shares of each class or series, our board of
directors is required by the MGCL and our charter to set, subject to restrictions in our charter on ownership and transfer of our stock,
the preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications
and terms and conditions of redemption for each class or series. Under Maryland law, stockholders generally are not liable for a corporation s
debts or obligations. 

As
of September 30, 2021, 98,333,416 shares of common stock were issued and outstanding, no shares of excess stock were issued and outstanding,
and 21,985,616 shares of Series C Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding. 

Common
Stock 

The
shares of common stock have no preferences, conversion, sinking fund, redemption (except with respect to shares of excess stock, described
above) or preemptive rights to subscribe for any of our securities. 

Subject
to the provisions of our charter regarding restrictions on transfer and ownership of our stock and the terms of any other class or series
of our stock, our common stockholders will have one vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of our common stockholders, including
the election of directors. Except as provided with respect to any other class or series of stock (including the Series C Preferred Stock),
the holders of our common stock will possess the exclusive voting power. 

There
is generally no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which means that the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares
of our common stock generally can elect all of the directors then standing for election, and the holders of the remaining shares of our
common stock, if any, will not be able to elect any directors, except as otherwise provided by the terms of any other class or series
of our stock, including the Series C Preferred Stock. 

Subject
to any preferential rights granted to any class or series of our stock (including the Series C Preferred Stock), and to the provisions
of our charter regarding restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock, holders of our common stock will be entitled to receive
dividends or other distributions if, as and when declared by us out of funds legally available for dividends or other distributions to
stockholders. Subject to the provisions of our charter regarding restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock, all shares of our
common stock have equal distribution rights. In the event of the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of our company,
after payment of, or adequate provision for, all of our known debts and liabilities and after payment of any preferential amounts to
any class of preferred stock which may be outstanding (including the Series C Preferred Stock), holders of our common stock will be entitled
to share ratably in all assets that we may legally distribute to our stockholders. 

Our
common stock is traded on the NYSE under the symbol MNR. The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is American
Stock Transfer Trust Company. 

6.125 
Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock. 

Ranking.
 The Series C Preferred Stock ranks, with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation,
dissolution or winding up: 

(1) 
 senior
 to all classes and series of our common stock and to all other stock issued by us the terms of which expressly provide that such
 securities rank junior to the Series C Preferred Stock with respect to payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our
 liquidation, dissolution or winding up; 

(2) 
 on
 a parity with any class or series of stock that may be classified by our board of directors in the future the terms of which specifically
 provide that such class or series ranks on a parity with the Series C Preferred Stock with respect to payments of dividends and the
 distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up; 

(3) 
 junior
 to any class or series of stock that may be classified by our board of directors in the future the terms of which specifically provide
 that such class or series ranks senior to the Series C Preferred Stock with respect to payment of dividends and the distribution
 of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up; and 

(4) 
 effectively
 junior to all of our existing and future indebtedness (including any future indebtedness that may be convertible to common stock
 or preferred stock) and the indebtedness of our existing subsidiaries and any future subsidiaries. 

Dividends.
 Holders of Series C Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when, as and if authorized by our board of directors and declared by
us, out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends, cumulative cash dividends in the amount of 1.53125 per share, which
is equivalent to 6.125 of the 25.00 liquidation preference per share, per year. Dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock are payable
quarterly in arrears in the amount of 0.3828125 on the 15th day of September, December, March and June (each, a dividend payment
date to holders of record as of the close of business on the applicable record date; except that, if any dividend payment date
is not a business day, as defined in the articles supplementary setting forth the terms of the Series C Preferred Stock, then the dividend
which would otherwise have been payable on that dividend payment date may be paid or set aside for payment on the next succeeding business
day and no interest, additional dividends or other sums will accrue on the amount so payable for the period from that dividend payment
date to the next succeeding business day. 

Any
dividend payable on the Series C Preferred Stock for any partial dividend period will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting
of twelve 30-day months. Dividends are payable to holders of record of Series C Preferred Stock as they appear in the transfer agent s
records at the close of business on the applicable record date, which will be the date that our board of directors designates as the
record date for the payment of a dividend that is not more than 31 nor fewer than ten days before the applicable dividend payment date. 

2 

Our
board of directors will not authorize, and we will not pay or set apart for payment, any dividend on the Series C Preferred Stock at
any time that: 

the
 terms and conditions of any of our agreements, including any agreement relating to our indebtedness, prohibit such authorization,
 payment or setting apart for payment; 

the
 terms and conditions of any of our agreements, including any agreement relating to our indebtedness, provide that such authorization,
 payment or setting apart for payment would constitute a breach of, or a default under, such agreement; or 

the
 law restricts or prohibits the authorization, payment or setting apart for payment. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock will accumulate whether or not: 

the
 terms and conditions of any law or any of our agreements, including any agreement relating to our indebtedness, prohibit the current
 payment of dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock; 

we
 have earnings; 

there
 are funds legally available for the payment of the dividends; or 

the
 dividends are declared by us. 

No
interest, or sum in lieu of interest, will be payable in respect of any accumulated and unpaid dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock
which may be in arrears, and holders of the Series C Preferred Stock will not be entitled to any dividends in excess of full cumulative
dividends described above. Any dividend payment made on the Series C Preferred Stock will first be credited against the earliest accumulated
but unpaid dividend due with respect to such shares which remains payable. 

Except
as described below, we will not declare or pay or set aside for payment any dividends or declare or make any other distribution of cash
or other property on or with respect to our common stock or any other class or series of stock that ranks junior to or on a parity with
the Series C Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends or redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire for any consideration,
or make any funds available for a sinking fund for the redemption of, any shares of common stock or any other class or series of stock
that ranks junior to or on a parity with the Series C Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends, unless we also have paid
in cash full cumulative dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock for all past dividend periods. 

Except
as described below, if we do not declare and either pay in cash, or set aside a sum sufficient for payment of, full cumulative dividends
on the Series C Preferred Stock and any other class or series of stock that ranks on a parity, with respect to the payment of dividends,
with the Series C Preferred Stock, any amount which we declare as a dividend will be allocated pro rata to the holders of Series C Preferred
Stock and each such other class or series of stock, so that the amount of dividends declared for each share of Series C Preferred Stock
and for each share of such other class or series of stock is proportionate to the accumulated and unpaid dividends on those shares (which
shall not include any amount in respect of unpaid dividends on such other class or series of stock for prior Series C dividend periods
if such other class or series of stock does not have a cumulative dividend). 

3 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing restrictions, and regardless of whether we have paid full cumulative dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock or any other
class or series of our stock that ranks on a parity with the Series C Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends for any
dividend period, we will not be prohibited or limited from: 

paying
 dividends on any shares of our stock in shares of our common stock or any other class or series of our stock ranking junior to the
 Series C Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding
 up; 

converting
 or exchanging any shares of our stock for shares of our common stock or any other class or series of our stock ranking junior to
 the Series C Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding
 up; 

redeeming,
 purchasing or otherwise acquiring any shares of our stock pursuant to the provisions of our charter relating to the restrictions
 upon ownership and transfer of stock or permitting us to redeem shares of our stock to assist us in preserving our status as a REIT;
 or 

purchasing
 or acquiring shares of Series C Preferred Stock or shares of any other class or series of our stock ranking on a parity with the
 Series C Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution
 or winding up pursuant to a purchase or exchange offer made on the same terms to holders of all outstanding shares of Series C Preferred
 Stock. 

If,
for any taxable year, we elect to designate as capital gain dividends (as defined in Section 857 of the Code) a portion,
which we refer to as the Capital Gains Amount, of the dividends not in excess of our earnings and profits that are paid or made available
for such taxable year to the holders of all classes and series of stock, or the total dividends, then the portion of the Capital Gains
Amount that will be allocable to the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock will be the Capital Gains Amount multiplied by a fraction,
the numerator of which will be the total dividends (within the meaning of the Code) paid or made available to the holders of the Series
C Preferred Stock for the year and the denominator of which will be the total dividends. 

Liquidation
Preference. Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs, the holders of the then-outstanding
shares of Series C Preferred Stock will be entitled to be paid out of our assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders,
subject to the payment of or provision for our debts and other liabilities and the preferential rights of the holders of any class or
series of stock that we may issue ranking senior to the Series C Preferred Stock with respect to the distribution of assets upon our
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, a liquidation preference of 25.00 per share plus an amount equal to any accumulated and unpaid
dividends thereon (whether or not declared) to, but not including, the date of payment, before any distribution or payment may be made
to holders of our common stock or any other class or series of our stock ranking junior to the Series C Preferred Stock with respect
to distributions upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up. If, upon our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding
up, our available assets are insufficient to pay the full amount of the liquidating distributions on all outstanding shares of Series
C Preferred Stock and the corresponding amounts payable on all outstanding shares of each other class or series of our stock ranking
on a parity with the Series C Preferred Stock in the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, then the
holders of Series C Preferred Stock and each such other class or series of stock ranking on a parity with the Series C Preferred Stock
as to rights upon our liquidation, dissolution and winding up will share ratably in any distribution of assets in proportion to the full
liquidating distributions to which they would otherwise be respectively entitled. Holders of the Series C Preferred Stock will be entitled
to notice of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up no fewer than 30 days and no more than 60 days before
the first payment date of any such liquidating distribution. After payment of the full amount of the liquidating distributions to which
they are entitled, the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock will have no right or claim to any of our remaining assets. Our consolidation,
merger or conversion with or into any other entity or the sale, lease, transfer or conveyance of all or substantially all of our property
or business will not be deemed to constitute our liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 

4 

In
determining whether a distribution (other than upon voluntary or involuntary dissolution) by dividend, redemption or other acquisition
of shares of our stock or otherwise is permitted under the MGCL, amounts that would be needed, if we were to be dissolved at the time
of the distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock will not be added
to our total liabilities. 

Optional
Redemption. We may redeem any or all of the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock at any time for a cash redemption price
per share equal to 25.00, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not declared) to, but not including, the redemption
date (unless the redemption date is after a record date set for the payment of a dividend on the Series C Preferred Stock and on or before
the corresponding dividend payment date, in which case the amount of such accrued and unpaid dividend will not be included in the redemption
price), without interest, upon the giving of notice, as provided below, if our board of directors determines that such redemption is
necessary to assist us in preserving our status as a REIT. 

In
addition, we have the option to redeem the Series C Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, from time to time, for a cash redemption price
per share equal to 25.00, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not declared) to, but not including, the redemption
date (unless the redemption date is after a record date set for the payment of a dividend on the Series C Preferred Stock and on or before
the corresponding dividend payment date, in which case the amount of such accrued and unpaid dividend will not be included in the redemption
price), without interest, upon the giving of notice, as provided below. 

Special
Optional Redemption. At any time when both (i) the Series C Preferred Stock is not listed on the NYSE, the NYSE American or the NASDAQ,
or listed or quoted on an exchange or quotation system that is a successor to the NYSE, the NYSE American or the NASDAQ, and (ii) we
are not subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, and any shares of Series C Preferred Stock are outstanding (which
we refer to collectively as a Delisting Event), we will have the option to redeem the Series C Preferred Stock, in whole or in part,
within 90 days after the date of the Delisting Event, for a cash redemption price per share equal to 25.00, plus any accumulated and
unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not declared) to, but not including, the redemption date (unless the redemption date is after a
record date set for the payment of a dividend on the Series C Preferred Stock and on or before the corresponding dividend payment date,
in which case the amount of such accrued and unpaid dividend will not be included in the redemption price), without interest, upon the
giving of notice, as provided below. 

Upon
the occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined below), we will have the option to redeem the Series C Preferred Stock, in whole or
in part, within 120 days after the first date on which such Change of Control occurred, for a cash redemption price per share equal to
 25.00 plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not declared) to, but not including, the redemption date (unless
the redemption date is after a record date set for the payment of a dividend on the Series C Preferred Stock and on or before the corresponding
dividend payment date, in which case the amount of such accrued and unpaid dividend will not be included in the redemption price), without
interest, upon the giving of notice, as provided below. 

5 

A
 Change of Control occurs when, after the original issuance of the Series C Preferred Stock, the following have occurred
and are continuing: 

the
 acquisition by any person, including any syndicate or group deemed to be a person under Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange
 Act, of beneficial ownership, directly or indirectly, through a purchase, merger or other acquisition transaction or series of purchases,
 mergers or other acquisition transactions, of shares of our stock entitling that person to exercise more than 50 of the total voting
 power of all outstanding shares of our stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (and such a person will be deemed
 to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person has the right to acquire, whether such right is currently exercisable
 or is exercisable only upon the occurrence of a subsequent condition); and 

after
 the closing of any transaction referred to in the bullet point above, neither we nor the acquiring or surviving entity (or, if in
 connection with such transaction holders of common stock receive consideration consisting of common equity securities of another
 entity, such other entity) has a class of common securities (or American Depository Receipts representing such securities) listed
 on the NYSE, the NYSE American or the NASDAQ, or listed or quoted on an exchange or quotation system that is a successor to the NYSE,
 the NYSE American or the NASDAQ. 

If,
before the date fixed for conversion of Series C Preferred Stock in connection with a Delisting Event or Change of Control, as described
more fully below, we provide notice of redemption of shares of Series C Preferred Stock (whether pursuant to our optional redemption
right or our special optional redemption rights), holders of such shares of Series C Preferred Stock will not be entitled to convert
their shares as described below under Conversion Rights. 

Procedures
for Redemption. We will mail to the address of a record holder, as shown on our share transfer books, a notice of redemption no less
than 30 days nor more than 60 days before the redemption date and before the date fixed for conversion as described under 
Conversion Rights below. In addition to any information required by law or the rules of any exchange on which the Series C Preferred
Stock is listed, quoted or admitted to trading, each notice must state the following: 

the
 date for redemption, or the redemption date; 

the
 redemption price; 

the
 total number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock to be redeemed (and, if fewer than all shares held by any holder are to be redeemed,
 the number of shares to be redeemed from such holder); 

the
 place or places where the shares of Series C Preferred Stock are to be surrendered for payment, together with the certificates, if
 any, representing such shares (duly endorsed for transfer) and any other documents or procedures that we require in connection with
 such redemption; 

if
 Series C Preferred Stock is being redeemed pursuant to our special optional redemption right, that the Series C Preferred Stock is
 being redeemed in connection with the occurrence of a Delisting Event or a Change of Control, as applicable, and, if in connection
 with the occurrence of a Change of Control, a brief description of the transaction or transactions constituting such Change or Control; 

if
 a Delisting Event or Change of Control has occurred, that holders of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock to which the notice relates
 will not be entitled to tender such shares for conversion in connection with the Delisting Event or Change of Control, as applicable,
 and each share of Series C Preferred Stock tendered for conversion that is selected, before the date fixed for such conversion, for
 redemption will be redeemed on the related redemption date instead of converted on the applicable conversion date; and 

that
 dividends on the shares of Series C Preferred Stock designated for redemption will cease to accumulate on the redemption date. 

6 

A
failure to give such notice or any defect in the notice or in its mailing will not affect the sufficiency of notice or validity of the
proceedings for redemption of shares of Series C Preferred Stock called for redemption except as to the holder to whom notice was defective
or not given. A redemption notice that has been mailed in the manner provided above will be presumed to be given on the date it is mailed
whether or not the stockholder receives the redemption notice. The redemption price of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock to be redeemed
will then be paid to or on the order of the person whose name appears in our stock ledger as the record owner of such shares. 

If
we have given a notice of redemption, we have set aside the funds necessary for the redemption of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock
called and we have given irrevocable instructions to pay the redemption price and all accumulated and unpaid dividends payable on the
applicable redemption date, then, from and after the redemption date: 

all
 dividends on the shares of Series C Preferred Stock designated for redemption in the notice will cease to accumulate; 

all
 rights of the holders of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock designated for redemption will cease and terminate, except the right
 to receive the redemption price (including all accumulated and unpaid dividends up to, but not including, the redemption date, that
 are payable in connection with the payment of the redemption price), without interest; 

the
 shares of Series C Preferred Stock designated for redemption may not thereafter be transferred except with our consent; and 

the
 shares of Series C Preferred Stock designated for redemption will not be outstanding for any purpose whatsoever. 

The
holders of shares of Series C Preferred Stock as of the close of business on a record date fixed for the payment of a dividend on the
Series C Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive such dividend on the corresponding payment date, notwithstanding the redemption
of the Series C Preferred Stock between such record date and the corresponding payment date. 

If
less than all of the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock are to be redeemed pursuant to either the optional redemption right
or the special optional redemption rights discussed above (except for redemption necessary to assist us in preserving our status as a
REIT), the shares of Series C Preferred Stock to be redeemed will be determined pro rata (as nearly as practicable without creating fractional
shares) or by lot. If the redemption is to be by lot, and if, as a result of the redemption, any holder of Series C Preferred Stock would
own, or be deemed by virtue of certain attribution provisions of the Code to own, in excess of 9.8 in value or in number of shares (whichever
is more restrictive) of our issued and outstanding stock (which includes the Series C Preferred Stock but does not include any shares
of excess stock), or violate any other restriction or limitation of our stock set forth in our charter, then, except as otherwise permitted
in our charter, we will redeem the requisite number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock of that holder such that the holder will not
own or be deemed by virtue of certain attribution provisions of the Code to own, subsequent to the redemption, in excess of 9.8 in value
or in number of shares (whichever is more restrictive) of our issued and outstanding stock or violate any other restriction or limitation
of our stock set forth in our charter. 

7 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, unless full cumulative dividends on all outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock have been or contemporaneously
are paid, or declared and set apart for payment, for all past dividend periods, no shares of Series C Preferred Stock may be redeemed
unless all outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock are simultaneously redeemed, and we will not purchase or otherwise acquire
directly or indirectly any Series C Preferred Stock, except by (i) conversion or exchange for shares of our common stock or any other
class or series of our stock ranking junior to the Series C Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets
upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, (ii) redemption, purchase or other acquisition of shares of stock pursuant to the provisions
of our charter relating to the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock, or (iii) purchase or other acquisition of shares
of the Series C Preferred Stock or shares of any other class or series of our stock ranking on a parity with the Series C Preferred Stock
with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up pursuant to a
purchase or exchange offer made on the same terms to holders of all outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock. 

All
shares of the Series C Preferred Stock that we redeem or repurchase will be retired and restored to the status of authorized but unissued
shares of common stock, without designation as to class or series. 

Conversion
Rights. Upon the occurrence of a Delisting Event or a Change of Control, unless, before the date fixed for such conversion, we provide
notice of redemption of such shares of Series C Preferred Stock as described above under - Optional Redemption or 
Special Optional Redemption and subject to the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock set forth in our charter, then,
unless holders of the Series C Preferred Stock will receive the Alternative Form Consideration as described below, each holder of Series
C Preferred Stock will have the right to convert all or part of the Series C Preferred Stock held by such holder into a number of shares
of common stock per share of Series C Preferred Stock to be so converted, or the Common Share Conversion Consideration, equal to the
lesser of: 

the
 quotient obtained, which we refer to as the Conversion Rate, by dividing (i) the sum of 25.00 plus the amount of any accumulated
 and unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not declared) to, but not including, the applicable date fixed for conversion (unless the
 applicable conversion date is after a record date set for the payment of a dividend on the Series C Preferred Stock and on or before
 the corresponding dividend payment date, in which case the amount of such accrued and unpaid dividend will not be included in this
 sum), by (ii) the Common Share Price (as defined below); and 

3.41997,
 the Share Cap, subject to certain adjustments described below. 

The
 Common Share Price for any Change of Control will be (i) if the consideration to be received in the Change of Control by
holders of shares of common stock is solely cash, the amount of cash consideration per share of common stock, and (ii) if the consideration
to be received in the Change of Control by holders of shares of common stock is other than solely cash, the average of the closing sales
price per share of common stock on the NYSE, the NYSE American or the NASDAQ, or an exchange or quotation system that is a successor
to the NYSE, the NYSE American or the NASDAQ, for the ten consecutive trading days immediately preceding, but not including, the effective
date of the Change of Control. The Common Share Price for any Delisting Event will be the average of the closing sale prices
per share of common stock on the NYSE, the NYSE American or the NASDAQ, or an exchange or quotation system that is a successor to the
NYSE, the NYSE American or the NASDAQ, for the ten consecutive trading days immediately preceding, but not including, the effective date
of the Delisting Event. 

8 

The
Share Cap will be subject to pro rata adjustments for any stock splits (including those effected pursuant to a distribution of common
stock), subdivisions or combinations with respect to our common stock as follows: the adjusted Share Cap as the result of such an event
will be the number of shares of common stock that is equivalent to the product of (i) the Share Cap in effect immediately before such
event multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of common stock outstanding after giving effect to
such event and the denominator of which is the number of shares of common stock outstanding immediately before such event. 

In
the case of a Delisting Event or Change of Control pursuant to, or in connection with, which shares of common stock will be converted
into cash, securities or other property or assets (including any combination thereof), or the Alternative Form Consideration, a holder
of shares of Series C Preferred Stock will receive upon conversion of a share of Series C Preferred Stock the kind and amount of Alternative
Form Consideration which such holder would have owned or been entitled to receive had such holder held a number of shares of common stock
equal to the Common Share Conversion Consideration immediately before the effective time of the Delisting Event or Change of Control. 

If
the holders of shares of common stock have the opportunity to elect the form of consideration to be received in connection with the Delisting
Event or Change of Control, the form of consideration that holders of the Series C Preferred Stock will receive will be in the form of
consideration elected by the holders of a plurality of the shares of common stock held by stockholders who participate in the election
and will be subject to any limitations to which all holders of shares of common stock are subject, including, without limitation, pro
rata reductions applicable to any portion of the consideration payable in connection with the Delisting Event or Change of Control. 

We
will not issue fractional shares of common stock upon the conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock. Instead, we will pay the cash value
of any such fractional share based on the Common Share Price. 

Within
15 days after the occurrence of a Delisting Event or Change of Control, we will provide to holders of record of outstanding shares of
Series C Preferred Stock, at the addresses for such holders shown on our share transfer books, a notice of the occurrence of the Delisting
Event or Change of Control. This notice will state the following: 

the
 events constituting the Delisting Event or Change of Control; 

the
 date of the Delisting Event or Change of Control; 

the
 last date on which the holders of shares of Series C Preferred Stock may exercise their conversion rights in connection with the
 Delisting Event or Change of Control, as applicable; 

the
 method and period for calculating the Common Share Price; 

the
 date fixed for conversion in connection with the Delisting Event or Change of Control, or the conversion date, which will be a business
 day fixed by our board of directors that is not fewer than 20 and not more than 35 days after the date of the notice; 

that
 if, before the applicable conversion date, we provide notice of our election to redeem all or any portion of the shares of Series
 C Preferred Stock, holders of the Series C Preferred Stock will not be able to convert the shares of Series C Preferred Stock so
 called for redemption, and such shares of Series C Preferred Stock will be redeemed on the related redemption date, even if they
 have already been tendered for conversion in connection with the Delisting Event or Change of Control, as applicable; 

9 

if
 applicable, the type and amount of Alternative Conversion Consideration entitled to be received per share of Series C Preferred Stock
 converted; 

the
 name and address of the paying agent and the conversion agent; and 

the
 procedures that the holders of shares of Series C Preferred Stock must follow to exercise their conversion rights in connection with
 the Delisting Event or Change of Control, as applicable. 

A
failure to give such notice or any defect in the notice or in its mailing will not affect the sufficiency of the notice or validity of
the proceedings for conversion of shares of Series C Preferred Stock in connection with a Delisting Event or Change of Control, as applicable,
except as to the holder to whom notice was defective or not given. A notice that has been mailed in the manner provided herein will be
presumed to be given on the date it is mailed whether or not the stockholder receives such notice. 

We
will issue a press release for publication on the Dow Jones Company, Inc., Business Wire, PR Newswire or Bloomberg Business News
(or, if these organizations are not in existence at the time of issuance of the press release, such other news or press organization
as is reasonably calculated to broadly disseminate the relevant information to the public) containing the information stated in such
a notice, and post such a notice on our website, in any event before the opening of business on the first business day after any date
on which we provide the notice described above to the holders of record of Series C Preferred Stock. 

To
exercise conversion rights in connection with a Delisting Event or Change of Control, as applicable, a holder of record of Series C Preferred
Stock will be required to deliver, on or before the close of business on the applicable conversion date, the certificates, if any, representing
any certificated shares of Series C Preferred Stock to be converted, duly endorsed for transfer, together with a completed written conversion
notice and any other documents we reasonably require in connection with such conversion, to our conversion agent. The conversion notice
must state: 

the
 relevant conversion date; and 

the
 number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock to be converted. 

A
holder of Series C Preferred Stock may withdraw any notice of exercise of such holder s conversion rights in connection with a
Delisting Event or Change of Control, as applicable, in whole or in part, by a written notice of withdrawal delivered to our conversion
agent before the close of business on the business day before the applicable conversion date. The notice of withdrawal must state: 

the
 number of withdrawn shares of Series C Preferred Stock; 

if
 certificated shares of Series C Preferred Stock have been tendered for conversion and withdrawn, the certificate numbers of the withdrawn
 certificated shares of Series C Preferred Stock; and 

the
 number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock, if any, which remain subject to the conversion notice. 

10 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if the Series C Preferred Stock is held in global form, the conversion notice and/or the notice of withdrawal, as applicable,
must comply with applicable procedures of DTC. 

Shares
of Series C Preferred Stock as to which the holder s conversion right has been properly exercised and for which the conversion
notice has not been properly withdrawn will be converted into the applicable form of consideration on the applicable conversion date
unless, before the applicable conversion date, we provide notice of our election to redeem such shares of Series C Preferred Stock, whether
pursuant to our optional redemption right or our special optional redemption rights. If we elect to redeem shares of Series C Preferred
Stock that would otherwise be converted into the applicable form of consideration on a conversion date, such shares of Series C Preferred
Stock will not be so converted and the holders of such shares will be entitled to receive on the applicable redemption date the redemption
price for such shares. 

We
will deliver amounts owed upon conversion no later than the third business day after the applicable conversion date. 

In
connection with the exercise of conversion rights in connection with any Delisting Event or Change of Control, we will comply with all
U.S. federal and state securities laws and stock exchange rules in connection with any conversion of shares of Series C Preferred Stock
into shares of common stock. Notwithstanding any other provision of the terms of the Series C Preferred Stock, no holder of Series C
Preferred Stock will be entitled to convert such Series C Preferred Stock into shares of common stock to the extent that receipt of such
shares of common stock would cause such holder (or any other person) to violate the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock
contained in our charter. See Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer. 

The
conversion and redemption features of the Series C Preferred Stock may make it more difficult for a party to take over our company or
discourage a party from taking over our company. 

Except
as provided above in connection with a Delisting Event or Change of Control, the Series C Preferred Stock is not convertible into or
exchangeable for any other property or securities, except that shares of Series C Preferred Stock may be exchanged for shares of our
excess stock pursuant to the provisions of our charter relating to restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock. 

Voting
Rights. Except as described below, holders of Series C Preferred Stock will generally have no voting rights. On any matter in which
the Series C Preferred Stock may vote (as expressly provided in our charter), each share of Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled
to cast one vote. 

If
dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock are in arrears, whether or not declared, for six or more quarterly dividend periods, whether
or not these quarterly dividend periods are consecutive, the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock and the holders of all other classes
and series of our preferred stock ranking on a parity with the Series C Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends and
the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are
exercisable, or voting preferred stock, and with which the holders of Series C Preferred Stock are entitled to vote together as a single
class, voting together as a single class, will have the exclusive power to elect two additional directors, or the preferred directors,
to serve on our board of directors, until all dividends accumulated on the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock for all past
dividend periods and the then-current dividend period shall have been fully paid. Unless the number of our directors has previously been
increased pursuant to the terms of any class or series of voting preferred stock with which the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock
are entitled to vote together as a single class in the election of preferred directors (and has not subsequently been decreased), the
number of our directors will automatically increase by two at such time as holders of the Series C Preferred Stock become entitled to
vote in the election of preferred directors. Unless shares of voting preferred stock remain outstanding and entitled to vote in the election
of preferred directors, the term of office of preferred directors will terminate, and the number of our directors will automatically
decrease by two, when all accumulated dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock for all past dividend periods and the then-current dividend
period have been fully paid. If the right of holders of the Series C Preferred Stock to elect the preferred directors terminates after
the record date for the determination of holders of shares of Series C Preferred Stock entitled to vote in any election of preferred
directors but before the closing of the polls in such election, holders of the Series C Preferred Stock outstanding as of such record
date will not be entitled to vote in such election of preferred directors. The right of the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock to
elect preferred directors will again vest if and whenever dividends are in arrears for six quarterly periods, as described above. In
no event will the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock be entitled to nominate or elect an individual as a preferred director, and
no individual shall be qualified to be nominated for election or to serve as a preferred director, if the individual s service
as a director would cause us to fail to satisfy a requirement relating to director independence of any national securities exchange on
which any class or series of our stock is listed or quoted. 

11 

At
any time that holders of Series C Preferred Stock have the right to elect preferred directors, but such preferred directors have not
been elected, we must call a special meeting of our stockholders for the purpose of electing preferred directors upon the written request
of the holders of record of at least 10 of the outstanding shares of the Series C Preferred Stock and any other class or series of voting
preferred stock with which the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock are entitled to vote together as a single class in the election
of preferred directors, unless such request is received fewer than 90 days before the date fixed for the next annual or special meeting
of our stockholders, in which case, the election of preferred directions will be held at the earlier of the next annual or special meeting
of our stockholders. The preferred directors will be elected by a plurality of the votes cast in the election of preferred directors,
and each preferred director will serve until the next annual meeting of our stockholders and until his or her successor is duly elected
and qualifies, or until such preferred director s term of office terminates as described above. Preferred directors will not be
classified with respect to the terms for which they hold office. Any preferred director elected by the holders of the Series C Preferred
Stock and any class or series of voting preferred stock may be removed, with or without cause, by a vote of the holders of record of
a majority of the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock and all classes and series of voting preferred stock then entitled to
vote in the election of preferred directors, voting together as a single class. Holders of common stock will not be entitled to vote
in the election or removal of preferred directors. 

So
long as any shares of Series C Preferred Stock are outstanding, the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding
shares of Series C Preferred Stock and any equally-affected class or series of voting preferred stock with which the holders of Series
C Preferred Stock are entitled to vote as a single class on such matters (voting together as a single class), is required: 

to
 authorize, create or issue, or increase the authorized or issued amount of, any class or series of stock ranking senior to the Series
 C Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding
 up, the reclassification of any of our authorized stock into any such senior stock or the creation, authorization or issuance of
 any obligation or security convertible or exchangeable into or evidencing the right to purchase any such senior stock; or 

except
 as described below, to amend, alter or repeal any provision of our charter, including the articles supplementary setting forth the
 terms of the Series C Preferred Stock, whether by merger, consolidation, transfer or conveyance of all or substantially all of our
 assets or otherwise, so as to materially and adversely affect any right, preference, privilege or voting power of the Series C Preferred
 Stock. 

12 

The
following actions will not materially and adversely affect any right, preference, privilege or voting power of the Series C Preferred
Stock, and the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock will not be entitled to vote on: 

any
 increase in the number of authorized or issued shares of common stock, excess stock or preferred stock without further designation
 as to class or series, or the creation or issuance of any class or series of our stock ranking junior or on a parity with the Series
 C Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding
 up; or 

any
 amendment, alteration or repeal of any provision of our charter, including the articles supplementary setting forth the terms of
 the Series C Preferred Stock, as a result of a merger, consolidation, transfer or conveyance of all or substantially all of our assets
 or other business combination, if (i) the Series C Preferred Stock (or the securities into which the Series C Preferred Stock has
 been converted in any successor person or entity to us) remains outstanding with the terms thereof unchanged in all material respects
 or is exchanged for securities of the successor person or entity with substantially identical rights (taking into account that, upon
 the occurrence of such an event, we may not be the surviving entity) or (ii) if the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock receive
 in connection with such event an amount of cash per share of Series C Preferred Stock equal to the liquidation preference of 25.00
 plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not declared) to, but not including, the date of such event (unless
 such date of such event is after a record date set for the payment of a dividend on the Series C Preferred Stock and before the corresponding
 dividend payment date, in which case the amount of such accrued and unpaid dividend will not be included in such sum). 

The
voting provisions above will not apply if, at or before the time when the act with respect to which the vote would otherwise be required
would occur, we have duly redeemed or called for redemption upon proper notice and sufficient funds, in cash, shall have been deposited
in trust to effect such redemption of all outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock. 

No
Maturity, Sinking Fund, Mandatory Redemption or Preemptive Rights. The Series C Preferred Stock has no stated maturity date, will
not be subject to any sinking fund or mandatory redemption provisions and will have no preemptive rights to subscribe for any of our
securities. 

Ownership
Limits and Restrictions on Transfer. In order to assist us in maintaining our qualification as a REIT, ownership by any person of
our outstanding stock, including the Series C Preferred Stock, is restricted under our charter. Any certificates representing shares
of Series C Preferred Stock will include a legend regarding restrictions on transfer. For further information regarding restrictions
on ownership and transfer of the Series C Preferred Stock, see Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer . 

Information
Rights. During any period during which we are not subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
and any shares of Series C Preferred Stock are outstanding, we will (i) transmit by mail or other permissible means under the Exchange
Act to all holders of Series C Preferred Stock as their names and addresses appear in our record books and without cost to such holders,
copies of the Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K that we would have been required
to file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act if we were subject thereto (other than any exhibits that would
have been required) within 15 days after the respective dates by which we would have been required to file such reports with the SEC
if we were subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, in each case, based on the dates on which we would be required to file
such periodic reports if we were an accelerated filer within the meaning of the Exchange Act, and (ii) within 15 days after
written request, supply copies of such reports to any prospective holder of the Series C Preferred Stock 

13 

Listing;
Transfer Agent; Distributions Disbursing Agent . Our Series C Preferred Stock is traded on the NYSE under the symbol MNRprC. 
The registrar, transfer agent and distributions disbursing agent for the Series C Preferred Stock is American Stock Transfer Trust
Company. 

Restrictions
on Ownership and Transfer 

To
qualify as a REIT under the Code, we must satisfy a number of statutory requirements, including a requirement that no more than 50 in
value of our outstanding shares of stock may be owned, actually or constructively, by five or fewer individuals (as defined by the Code
to include certain entities) during the last half of a taxable year. In addition, if we, or an actual or constructive owner of 10 or
more of us, actually or constructively owns 10 or more of a tenant of ours (or a tenant of any partnership in which we are a partner),
the rent we receive (either directly or through any such partnership) from such tenant will not be qualifying income for purposes of
the REIT gross income tests of the Code. Our stock must also be beneficially owned by 100 or more persons during at least 335 days of
a taxable year of twelve months or during a proportionate part of a shorter taxable year. 

Our
charter prohibits any transfer of shares of our stock or any other change in our capital structure that would result in: 

any
 person directly or indirectly acquiring beneficial ownership of more than 9.8 , in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive,
 of the outstanding shares of our stock (other than shares of excess stock); 

outstanding
 shares of our stock (other than shares of excess stock) being constructively or beneficially owned by fewer than 100 persons; 

our
 being closely held within the meaning of Section 856 of the Code; or 

our
 otherwise failing to qualify as a REIT under the Code. 

We
refer to these restrictions, collectively, as the ownership limits. Subject to certain limitations, our board of directors
may, in its sole discretion, exempt one or more persons from the ownership limits, on such terms and subject to such conditions as our
board of directors may require, including a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service or an opinion of counsel that such exemption will
not cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT. 

14 

Our
charter requires that any person who acquires or attempts to acquire shares of our stock (other than shares of excess stock) in violation
of the ownership limits give immediate, or in the event of a proposed or attempted transfer, at least 15 days prior, written notice
to us. If any person attempts to transfer shares of our stock, or attempts to cause any other event to occur that would result in a violation
of the ownership limits, then: 

any
 proposed transfer will be void ab initio, the purported transferee of such shares will acquire no interest in the shares and the
 shares that were subject to the attempted transfer or other event will, effective as of the close of business on the business day
 before the date of the attempted transfer or other event, automatically, without action by us or any other person, be converted into
 and exchanged for an equal number of shares of excess stock; 

we
 may redeem any shares of excess stock and, before the attempted transfer or other event that results in a conversion into and exchange
 for shares of excess stock, any shares of our stock of any other class or series that are attempted to be owned or transferred in
 violation of the ownership limits, at a price equal to the lesser of the price per share paid in the attempted transfer or other
 event that violated the ownership limits and the last reported sale price of shares of such class of our stock on the NYSE on the
 day we give notice of redemption or, if shares of such class of our stock are not then traded on the NYSE, the market price of such
 shares determined in accordance with our charter; and 

our
 board of directors may take any action it deems advisable to refuse to give effect to, or to prevent, any such attempted transfer
 or other event. 

Shares
of excess stock will be held in book entry form in the name of a trustee appointed by us to hold the shares for the benefit of one or
more charitable beneficiaries appointed by us and a beneficiary designated by the purported transferee, which we refer to as the designated
beneficiary, whose ownership of the shares of our stock that were converted into and exchanged for shares of excess stock does not violate
the ownership limits. The purported transferee may not receive consideration in exchange for designating the designated beneficiary in
an amount that exceeds the price per share that the purported transferee paid for the shares of our stock converted into and exchanged
for shares of excess stock or, if the purported transferee did not give value for such shares, the market price of the shares on the
date of the purported transfer or other event resulting in the conversion and exchange. Any excess amounts received by the purported
transferee as consideration for designating the designated beneficiary must be paid to the trustee for the benefit of the charitable
beneficiary. Upon the written designation of a designated beneficiary and the waiver by us of our right to redeem the shares of excess
stock, the trustee will transfer the shares of excess stock to the designated beneficiary and, upon such transfer, the shares of excess
stock will automatically be converted into and exchanged for the same number and class or series of shares of our stock as were converted
into and exchanged for such shares of excess stock. Shares of excess stock are not otherwise transferable. If the purported transferee
attempts to transfer shares of our stock before discovering that the shares have been converted into and exchanged for shares of excess
stock, the shares will be deemed to have been sold on behalf of the trust, and any amount received by the purported transferee in excess
of what the purported transferee would have been entitled to receive as consideration for designating a designated beneficiary will be
paid to the trustee on demand. 

Holders
of shares of excess stock are not entitled to vote on any matter submitted to a vote at a meeting of our stockholders. Upon the voluntary
or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of our company, the trustee must distribute to the designated beneficiary
any amounts received as distributions on the shares of excess stock that do not exceed the price per share paid by the purported transferee
in the transaction that created the violation or, if the purported transferee did not give value for such shares, the market price of
the shares of our stock that were converted into and exchanged for shares of excess stock, on the date of the purported transfer or other
event that resulted in such conversion and exchange. Any amount received upon the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the affairs of our company not payable to the designated beneficiary, and any other dividends or distributions paid on
shares of excess stock, will be distributed by the trustee to the charitable beneficiary. 

15 

Every
holder of more than 5 of the number or value of outstanding shares of our stock must give written notice to us stating the name and
address of such owner, the number of shares of stock beneficially or constructively owned and a description of the manner in which the
shares are owned. Our board of directors may, in its sole and absolute discretion, exempt certain persons from the ownership limitations
contained in our charter if ownership of shares of stock by such persons would not disqualify us as a REIT under the Code. 

The
Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors is currently comprised of thirteen directors. Our charter and bylaws provide that the board may alter the number of
directors to a number not more than 15 or less than three. Our charter provides that the directors shall be divided, as evenly as possible,
into three classes, with approximately one-third of the directors elected by the stockholders annually. Each director will serve for
a three year term and until his or her successor is duly elected and has qualified. Holders of shares will have no right to cumulative
voting in the election of directors. Our directors are elected by a plurality of the votes cast; however, our Corporate Governance Guidelines
require that a director will offer to resign if the director receives a greater number of votes withheld than votes for 
such election in an uncontested election of directors. 

Business
Combinations 

Under
the Maryland Business Combination Act, business combinations between a Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder or an affiliate
of an interested stockholder are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an
interested stockholder. These business combinations include a merger, consolidation, share exchange or, in circumstances specified in
the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities. An interested stockholder is defined as: 

any
 person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of the corporation s shares; or 

an
 affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time within the two-year period before the date in question, was the beneficial
 owner of 10 or more of the voting power of the then outstanding voting stock of the corporation. 

A
person is not an interested stockholder under the statute if the board of directors approves in advance the transaction by which the
person otherwise would have become an interested stockholder. However, in approving a transaction, the board of directors may provide
that its approval is subject to compliance, at or after the time of approval, with any terms and conditions determined by the board. 

After
the five-year prohibition, any business combination between the Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder generally must be
recommended by the board of directors of the corporation and approved by the affirmative vote of at least: 

80 
 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of voting stock of the corporation; and 

two-thirds
 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting stock of the corporation other than shares held by the interested stockholder
 with whom or with whose affiliate the business combination is to be effected or shares held by an affiliate or associate of the interested
 stockholder. 

16 

These
supermajority vote requirements do not apply if the corporation s common stockholders receive a minimum price, as defined under
the MGCL, for their shares of common stock in the form of cash or other consideration in the same form as previously paid by the interested
stockholder for its shares. 

The
MGCL permits various exemptions from its provisions, including business combinations that are exempted by the board of directors before
the time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Pursuant to the act, our charter exempts any business combination
between us and UMH Properties, Inc., or UMH. Consequently, the five-year prohibition and the supermajority vote requirements will not
apply to business combinations between us and UMH. 

Control
Share Acquisitions 

The
provisions of the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act provide that a holder of control shares of a Maryland corporation acquired in
a control share acquisition has no voting rights with respect to those shares except to the extent approved by a vote of two-thirds of
the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Shares owned by the acquiror, by officers or by directors who are employees of the corporation
are excluded from shares entitled to vote on the matter. Control shares are voting shares of stock which, if aggregated with all other
shares of stock owned by the acquiror or in respect of which the acquiror is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power
(except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle the acquiror to exercise voting power in electing directors within one
of the following ranges of voting power: 

one-tenth
 or more but less than one-third; 

one-third
 or more but less than a majority; or 

majority
 or more of all voting power. 

Control
shares do not include shares that the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder
approval or shares acquired directly from the corporation. A control share acquisition means, subject to certain exceptions, the acquisition
of issued and outstanding control shares. 

A
person who has made or proposes to make a control share acquisition may compel the board of directors of the corporation to call a special
meeting of stockholders to be held within 50 days of demand to consider the voting rights of the shares. The right to compel the calling
of a special meeting is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including an undertaking to pay the expenses of the meeting.
If no request for a meeting is made, the corporation may itself present the question at any stockholders meeting. 

If
voting rights are not approved at the meeting or if the acquiring person does not deliver an acquiring person statement as required by
the statute, then the corporation may redeem for fair value any or all of the control shares, except those for which voting rights have
previously been approved. The right of the corporation to redeem control shares is subject to certain conditions and limitations. Fair
value is determined, without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control shares, as of the date of the last control share
acquisition by the acquiror or, if a meeting of stockholders at which the voting rights of the shares are considered and not approved,
as of the date of that meeting. If voting rights for control shares are approved at a stockholders meeting and the acquiror becomes entitled
to vote a majority of the shares entitled to vote, all other stockholders may exercise appraisal rights. The fair value of the shares
as determined for purposes of appraisal rights may not be less than the highest price per share paid by the acquiror in the control share
acquisition. 

17 

The
control share acquisition statute does not apply to (a) shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or share exchange if the corporation
is a party to the transaction or (b) acquisitions approved or exempted by the charter or bylaws of the corporation. 

Our
bylaws contain a provision exempting from the provisions of the Control Share Acquisition Act any and all acquisitions by any person
of shares of our stock. There can be no assurance that our board of directors will not eliminate this provision at any time in the future. 

Unsolicited
Takeovers Act 

Subtitle
8 of Title 3 of the MGCL permits a Maryland corporation with a class of equity securities registered under the Exchange Act and at least
three independent directors to elect to be subject, by provision in its charter or bylaws or a resolution of its board of directors and
notwithstanding any contrary provision in the charter or bylaws, to any or all of five provisions: 

a
 classified board; 

a
 two-thirds vote requirement for removing a director; 

a
 requirement that the number of directors be fixed only by vote of the directors; 

a
 requirement that a vacancy on the board be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors in office
 and for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the vacancy occurred; and 

a
 requirement for the calling of special meeting of stockholders may occur if a majority of stockholders request such in writing. 

Through
provisions in our charter and bylaws unrelated to Subtitle 8, we already (a) have a classified board, (b) require a two-thirds vote for
the removal of any director from the board, (c) vest in the board the exclusive power to fix the number of directors and (d) require,
unless called by our president, the chairman of the board or a majority of the board of directors, the request of stockholders entitled
to cast a majority of the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting to call a special meeting of stockholders. We have elected to be
governed by the provision of Subtitle 8 providing that a vacancy on our board of directors may be filled only by the remaining directors,
for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the vacancy occurred. 

Advance
Notice of Director Nominations and New Business 

Our
bylaws provide that, with respect to an annual meeting of our stockholders, nominations of individuals for election to our board of directors
and the proposal of business to be considered by stockholders at an annual meeting may be made only (i) by or at the discretion of our
board of directors or a duly authorized committee thereof or (ii) by any stockholder of record as of the date of the notice required
by our bylaws, the record date for the meeting and the meeting date and who has provided the information required pursuant to the advance
notice procedures of the bylaws. With respect to special meetings of our stockholders, only the business specified in the notice of the
meeting may be brought before the meeting. Nominations of individuals for election to our board of directors at a special meeting of
our stockholders may be made only (i) by our board of directors or a duly authorized committee thereof or (ii) provided that directors
or a duly authorized committee thereof will be elected at the meeting, by a stockholder of record as of the date of the notice required
by our bylaws, the record date for the meeting and the meeting date and who has provided the information required pursuant to the advance
notice provisions of the bylaws. 

18 

Meetings
of Stockholders 

Under
our bylaws, annual meetings of stockholders are to be held each year at a date and time as determined by our board of directors. Special
meetings of stockholders may be called only by a majority of the directors then in office, by the chairman of our board of directors
or by the president and must be called by the secretary upon the written request of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of the votes
entitled to be cast at the meeting. 

Amendment
of Charter and Bylaws 

Our
charter generally may be amended only if advised by the board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled
to cast not less than two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Under the MGCL, certain charter amendments may be
effected by the board of directors, without stockholder approval, such as an amendment changing the name of the corporation or an amendment
increasing or decreasing the number of authorized shares of our stock. Our bylaws may be amended only by vote of a majority of the board
of directors. 

Extraordinary
Transactions 

We
may merge or consolidate with another entity, convert into another form of entity, engage in a statutory share exchange or sell all or
substantially all of our assets generally only if advised by our board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders
entitled to cast not less than two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Maryland law also permits a Maryland corporation
to transfer all or substantially all of its assets without the approval of its stockholders to an entity owned, directly or indirectly,
by the corporation. Because our operating assets may be held by our wholly owned subsidiaries, these subsidiaries may be able to merge
or transfer all or substantially all of their assets without the approval of our stockholders. 

Dissolution 

Our
dissolution must be advised by a majority of our entire board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled
to cast not less than two-thirds of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 

Removal
of Directors 

Our
charter provides that a director may be removed only for cause, as defined in the charter, and only by the affirmative vote of stockholders
entitled to cast not less than two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast in the election of directors, generally. This provision, when
coupled with the Subtitle 8 election vesting in our board of directors the sole power to fill vacant directorships, precludes stockholders
from removing incumbent directors except for cause and by a substantial affirmative vote and from filling the vacancies created by the
removal with their own nominees. 

Exclusive
Forum 

Our
bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland,
or, if that court does not have jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the District of Maryland, Baltimore Division, will
be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (b) any action asserting a claim of
breach of any duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or to our stockholders, (c) any action asserting a
claim against us or any of our directors, officers or other employees arising pursuant to any provision of the MGCL or our charter or
bylaws or (d) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers or other employees that is governed by the internal
affairs doctrine. 

19 

Indemnification
and Limitations on Liability 

We
are incorporated under the laws of the State of Maryland. The MGCL permits a Maryland corporation to include in its charter a provision
eliminating the liability of its directors and officers to the corporation and its stockholders for money damages, except for liability
resulting from (i) actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services or (ii) active and deliberate dishonesty
that was established by a final judgment and was material to the cause of action. Our charter contains a provision that eliminates the
liability of our directors and officers to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. 

The
MGCL requires a Maryland corporation (unless its charter provides otherwise, which our charter does not) to indemnify a director or officer
who has been successful, on the merits or otherwise, in the defense of any proceeding to which he or she is made a party by reason of
his or her service in that capacity. The MGCL permits a Maryland corporation to indemnify its present and former directors and officers,
among others, against judgments, penalties, fines, settlements and reasonable expenses actually incurred by them in connection with any
proceeding to which they may be made a party by reason of their service in those or other capacities unless it is established that (i)
the act or omission of the director or officer was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding and (a) was committed in bad
faith or (b) was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty, (ii) the director or officer actually received an improper personal
benefit in money, property or services or (iii) in the case of any criminal proceeding, the director or officer had reasonable cause
to believe that the act or omission was unlawful. 

However,
under the MGCL, a Maryland corporation may not indemnify for an adverse judgment in a suit by or on behalf of the corporation or for
a judgment of liability on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received. A court may order indemnification if it determines
that the director or officer is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification, even though the director or officer did not meet the
prescribed standard of conduct or was adjudged liable on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received. However, indemnification
for an adverse judgment in a suit by or on behalf of the corporation, or for a judgment of liability on the basis that personal benefit
was improperly received, is limited to expenses. 

In
addition, Maryland law permits a Maryland corporation to advance reasonable expenses to a director or officer upon receipt of (a) a written
affirmation by the director or officer of his or her good faith belief that he or she has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification
by the corporation and (b) a written undertaking by him or her or on his or her behalf to repay the amount paid or reimbursed by the
corporation if it is ultimately determined that the standard of conduct was not met. 

Our
charter requires us, to the fullest extent permitted by Maryland law as in effect from time to time, to indemnify and advance expenses
to our directors and officers, whether serving us or at our request any other entity, who were or are parties or are threatened to be
made parties to any threatened or actual suit, investigation or other proceeding, including administrative actions, as a result of their
status or actions as directors or officers of us. Our charter authorizes us to provide the same indemnification and advancement of expenses
to our employees and agents. 

20 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-21>
 4
 ex21.htm

EXHIBIT
21 

SUBSIDIARIES
OF MONMOUTH REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION 

Monmouth
Capital Corporation, a New Jersey corporation 

 MRC
I LLC, a Wisconsin limited liability company 

 MREIC
Financial, Inc., a Maryland corporation 

 Palmer
Terrace Realty Associates, LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company 

 Wheeling
Partners, LLC, an Illinois limited liability company 

 MREIC
South Carolina, LLC, a South Carolina limited liability company 

 MREIC
Illinois, LLC, an Illinois limited liability company 

 MREIC
Lebanon, Tennessee, LLC, a Tennessee limited liability company 

 MREIC
Edinburg TX, LLC, a Texas limited liability company 

 MREIC
El Paso, LLC, a Texas limited liability company 

 MREIC
Corpus Christi TX, LLC, a Texas limited liability company 

 BB
Streetsboro, LLC, an Ohio limited liability company 

 MREIC
Lebanon OH, LLC, an Ohio limited liability company 

 Hemingway
at Halfmoon, LLC, an Ohio limited liability company 

 MREIC
Olive Branch MS, LLC, a Mississippi limited liability company 

 MREIC
Oklahoma City OK, LLC, an Oklahoma limited liability company 

 MREIC
Waco TX, LLC, a Texas limited liability company 

 MREIC
Livonia MI, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 

 MREIC
Olive Branch MS II, LLC, a Mississippi limited liability company 

 MREIC
Buckner KY, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company 

 MREIC
Rochester MN, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

 MREIC
Green Bay WI, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

 MREIC
Spring TX, LLC, a Texas limited liability company 

 MREIC
Edwardsville KS, LLC, a Kansas limited liability company 

 MREIC
O Fallon MO, LLC, a Missouri limited liability company 

 MREIC
Richland MS, LLC, a Mississippi limited liability company 

 MREIC
Ridgeland MS, LLC, a Mississippi limited liability company 

 MREIC
Urbandale IA, LLC, an Iowa limited liability company 

 MREIC
Winston Salem NC, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company 

 MREIC
PA Altoona, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

 MREIC
Richfield OH, LLC, an Ohio limited liability company 

 MREIC
Tulsa OK, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

 MREIC
Roanoke VA, LLC, a Virginia limited liability company 

 MREIC
PA Monaca, LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company 

 MREIC
Indianapolis IN, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

 MREIC
Sauget IL, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

 MREIC
Tyler TX, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

 MREIC
Jacksonville FLA, LLC, a Florida limited liability company 

 MREIC
Kansas City MO, LLC, a Missouri limited liability company 

 MREIC
Frankfort KY, LLC a Kentucky limited liability company 

 MREIC
Rockford IL, LLC an Illinois limited liability company 

 MREIC
Indianapolis IN II, LLC, an Illinois limited liability company 

 MREIC
Monroe OH, LLC, an Ohio limited liability company 

 MREIC
Fort Worth TX, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

 MREIC
Cincinnati OH LLC, an Ohio limited liability company 

 MREIC
Concord NC, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company 

 MREIC
Covington LA, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

 MREIC
PA Pittsburgh, LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company 

 MREIC
Everett WA, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

 MREIC
Colorado Springs CO, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

 MREIC
Louisville KY, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company 

 MREIC
Orlando FL, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

 MREIC
Olathe KS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

 MREIC
Buffalo NY, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

 MREIC
Fort Myers FL, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

 MREIC
Grand Rapids MI, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

 MREIC
Concord NC II, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company 

 MREIC
Miami FL, LLC, a Florida limited liability company 

MREIC
Aiken SC, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

 MREIC
Kenton OH, LLC, an Ohio limited liability company 

 MREIC
Oklahoma City OK II, LLC, an Oklahoma limited liability company 

 MREIC
Mesquite TX, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

 MREIC
Charleston SC, LLC, a South Carolina limited liability company 

 MREIC
Chattanooga TN, LLC, a Tennessee limited liability company 

 MREIC
OKC 3 LLC, an Oklahoma limited liability company 

 Stow
Prosper MT, LLC, an Ohio limited liability company 

 MREIC
Daytona FL, LLC, a Florida limited liability company 

 MREIC
Savannah GA, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company 

 MREIC
Charleston SC II, LLC, a South Carolina limited liability company 

 MREIC
Mobile AL, an Alabama limited liability company 

 MREIC
Braselton GA, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company 

 MREIC
Sav GA 2, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company 

 MREIC
Trenton NJ, LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company 

 MREIC
Greensboro NC, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company 

 MREIC
Lafayette IN, LLC, an Indiana limited liability company 

 MREIC
Indy IN 3, LLC, an Indiana limited liability company 

 MREIC
Columbus OH, LLC, an Ohio limited liability company 

 MREIC
Columbus OH II, LLC, an Ohio limited liability company 

 MREIC
Ogden UT, LLC, a Utah limited liability company 

 MREIC
Locust Grove, GA, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company 

 MREIC
OKC 4, LLC, an Oklahoma limited liability company 

 MREIC
Burlington VT, LLC, a Vermont limited liability company 

 MREIC
Vance AL, LLC, an Alabama limited liability company 

 MREIC
Kodak TN, LLC, a Tennessee limited liability company 

 MREIC
Augusta GA, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company 

 MREIC
Birmingham AL, LLC, an Alabama limited liability company 

 MREIC
Carlstadt, LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 ex23.htm

Exhibit 23 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The
Board of Directors 

 Monmouth
Real Estate Investment Corporation 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements on Form S-8 (File No. 333-219236) and on Form S-3 (File Nos.
333-226511 and 333-225374) of Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation of our reports dated November 12, 2021, with respect
to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation, and the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. 

/s/
PKF O Connor Davies, LLP 

November
12, 2021 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Michael P. Landy, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
November 12, 2021 

/s/
 Michael P. Landy 

Michael
 P. Landy 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

principal
 executive officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Kevin S. Miller, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
November 12, 2021 

/s/
 Kevin S. Miller 

Kevin
 S. Miller 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

Principal
 financial officer and principal accounting officer. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CEO PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation (the Company for the year
ended September 30, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Michael
P. Landy, as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Kevin S. Miller, as Chief Financial Officer, each hereby certifies,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. (section) 1350, as adopted pursuant to (section) 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of their
knowledge: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

By: 
 /s/
 Michael P. Landy 

Name: 
 Michael P. Landy 

Title: 
 President and Chief Executive Officer,
 principal executive officer 

Date: 
 November
 12, 2021 

By: 
 /s/
 Kevin S. Miller 

Name: 
 Kevin S. Miller 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer, principal financial
 officer and principal accounting officer 

Date: 
 November
 12, 2021 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 mnr-20210930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 mnr-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 mnr-20210930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 mnr-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

