<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211102_10-K_edgar_data_1746214_0001493152-21-026939.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4989098</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>161474</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>927998</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1637501</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1224509</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>879878</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-21-026939.hdr.sgml : 20211102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211102122139
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-21-026939
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20201231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BIOPLUS LIFE CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001746214
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-DRUG STORES AND PROPRIETARY STORES [5912]
		IRS NUMBER:				300987011
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-226885
		FILM NUMBER:		211369983

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		NO.9 & 10, JALAN P4/8B
		STREET 2:		BANDAR TEKNOLOGI KAJANG
		CITY:			SEMENYIH, SELANGOR
		STATE:			N8
		ZIP:			43500
		BUSINESS PHONE:		60387032020

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		NO.9 & 10, JALAN P4/8B
		STREET 2:		BANDAR TEKNOLOGI KAJANG
		CITY:			SEMENYIH, SELANGOR
		STATE:			N8
		ZIP:			43500

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-21-026939.txt : 20211102

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
DC 20549 

FORM
10-K 

 (Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended: December 31, 2020 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
File Number: 333-226885 

BIOPLUS
LIFE CORP 

 (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Nevada 
 
 30-0987011 
 
 (State
 or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

No
 9 10 
 Jalan
 P4/8B 
 Bandar
 Teknologi Kajang 
 Semenyih 
 Selangor,
 Malaysia 
 
 43500 
 
 (Address
 of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

+60
3 8703 2020 

 (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

 None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 None 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 
 
 Non-accelerated
 filer 
 
 Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 0 due to lack of trading market. 

As
of November 1, 2021, there were 362,905,561 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value, outstanding. 

PAGE 
 
 PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 
 3 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 
 11 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 
 21 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 
 21 

Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 
 21 

Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 
 21 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 21 

Item
 6 
 Selected
 Financial Data 
 
 23 

Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 23 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 32 

Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements 
 
 32 

Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 33 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 
 33 

Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 
 35 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 35 

Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 
 37 

Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 38 

Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 39 

Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 40 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 41 

SIGNATURES 
 
 42 

2 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

Certain
statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward-looking statements (within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995) regarding the plans and objectives of management for future operations. Such statements involve known
and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements of the Registrant to be
materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The
forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. The Registrant s
plans and objectives are based, in part, on assumptions involving the continued expansion of business. Assumptions relating to the foregoing
involve judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive and market conditions and future business decisions,
all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond the control of the Registrant. Although the
Registrant believes its assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate
and, therefore, there can be no assurance the forward-looking statements included in this Report will prove to be accurate. In light
of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein, the inclusion of such information should
not be regarded as a representation by the Registrant or any other person that the objectives and plans of the Registrant will be achieved. 

Unless
stated otherwise, the words we, us, our, Company or Bioplus in
this Annual Report collectively refers to Bioplus Life Corp., a Nevada corporation and its wholly owned subsidiaries and variable interest
entities described herein. 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS. 

BUSINESS
DESCRIPTION 

Industry
Overview 

This
section includes market and industry data that we have developed from publicly available information; various industry publications and
other published industry sources and our internal data and estimates. Although we believe the publications and reports are reliable,
we have not independently verified the data. Our internal data, estimates and forecasts are based upon information obtained from trade
and business organizations and other contacts in the market in which we operate and our management s understanding of industry
conditions. 

At
this time, Bioplus Life Corp. mainly serves consumers in Malaysia, although the Company may evaluate and change this focus in the future
and expand into other countries. Given most of the demand for our products currently originates from Malaysia, we will focus solely upon
the Healthcare Industry within Malaysia. 

However,
we believe there is significant potential for Bioplus Life s Halal-certified beauty and personal care products with good manufacturing
practice (GMP) approved by the Department of Islamic Advancement of Malaysia (JAKIM) for export to Islamic countries such as Indonesia
and Middle Eastern countries. There are over two billion Muslims worldwide, making the second-largest religious following. The largest
Muslim country worldwide is Indonesia, where an estimated 229 million Muslims and about 13 of the world s population of Muslims
reside. In addition, there are other potential targeted markets described below. 

3 

Subject
to the availability of unrestricted international travel, Bioplus Life executives will begin to visit and seek to appoint regional and
local distributors in the targeted countries stated below: 

Targeted Export
 Markets. Details regarding our target markets are below. 

Country 
 Muslim
 Population 
 2021
 Population 
 Muslim
 of Total Population 
 Muslim
 of World Population 
 
 Indonesia 
 229,000,000 
 276,361,783 
 87 
 13 
 
 Pakistan 
 200,400,000 
 225,199,937 
 97 
 11 
 
 India 
 195,000,000 
 1,393,409,038 
 14 
 11 
 
 Bangladesh 
 153,700,000 
 166,303,498 
 90 
 9 
 
 Egypt 
 87,500,000 
 104,258,327 
 92 
 5 
 
 Iran 
 82,500,000 
 85,028,759 
 99 
 5 
 
 Turkey 
 79,850,000 
 85,042,738 
 99 
 5 
 
 Algeria 
 41,240,913 
 44,616,624 
 99 
 3 
 
 Sudan 
 39,585,777 
 44,909,353 
 97 
 2 
 
 Iraq 
 38,465,864 
 41,179,350 
 96 
 2 
 
 Saudi Arabia 
 31,878,000 
 35,340,683 
 97 
 2 
 
 China 
 28,127,500 
 1,444,216,107 
 2 
 2 
 
 Targeted market 
 1,207,248,054 

https://worldpopulationreview.com/country-rankings/muslim-population-by-country 

In
line with the national economic blueprint, healthcare sector is one of the National Key Economic Areas (NKEA) set to drive the country
towards a high-income nation by 2020. From 2011 to 2015, the healthcare industry recorded an average growth rate of 15 . In 2016 alone,
the industry grew by 23 from 2015 it had contribution of approximately RM4-5 billion to Malaysia s economy. 

 Source:
https://today.mims.com/an-extensive-overview-on-the-possibility-of-improving-malaysia- healthcare-system. 

Corporate
History 

Bioplus
Life Corp., a Nevada corporation Company ), was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on April 13, 2017. On
July 10, 2017, the Company acquired 100 of the equity interests of Bioplus Life Corp., a Malaysian company. On July 19, 2017, the Company,
through its Malaysian subsidiary, Bioplus Life Corp., acquired 100 of the equity interests of Bioplus Life International Holdings Ltd,
a Hong Kong company. On October 27, 2017, the Company through its Hong Kong subsidiary, Bioplus Life International Holdings Ltd, acquired
100 equity interest of Bioplus Life Corp. (ShenZhen), a company incorporated in China. 

4 

On
June 11, 2018, the Company, through its former Hong Kong subsidiary (Bioplus Life International Holdings Ltd), acquired 99.8 equity
interest of Bio Life Holdings Berhad, a company incorporated in Malaysia. Bio Life Holdings Berhad owns 100 of the equity interests
of Bio Life Neutraceuticals Sdn. Bhd., a company incorporated in Malaysia. 

During
the current fiscal year, the Company disposed of and de-registered two of its subsidiaries namely, Bioplus Life International Holdings
Ltd, a Hong Kong company and its subsidiary, Bioplus Life Corp. (ShenZhen), a company incorporated in China. 

Our
current corporate structure is depicted below: 

Our
corporate complex is located at No. 9 and No 10, Jalan P4/8B, Bandar Teknologi Kajang, 43500 Semenyih, Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia,
which are two adjoining commercial structures. Our corporate offices are located in the No. 9 building. Our manufacturing facilities
comprise the remainder of the space in both buildings. 

Our
website is http://www.bionutry.com and our phone number is +601 3 8703 2020. 

5 

Our
corporate headquarters and manufacturing facilities are depicted below: 

Business
Information 

Bioplus
Life Corp., through its wholly owned subsidiaries, specializing in manufacturing and selling health and beauty care products. Our mission
is to create awareness for good health and personal care to improve our customers quality of life. We seek to achieve this by
offering an affordable solution to existing health food businesses through the production, information, advisory and services pertaining
to our product line. Our website, http://www.bionutry.com , can be utilized to inquire about our product offerings, but we do not
directly sell any products through our website. At this time, we primarily sell our products to third party wholesalers. 

Our
product series, or line, includes, but is not strictly limited to, products that fall into the following categories: bone, fiber, bee-propolis,
cardiovascular health, herbal, health beverages, apple stem cell, beauty care, feminine health, UT care, anti-oxidant and eye health
series. These health and beauty supplies are designed to help improve the consumers metabolism rate, burn excessive fats, provide
anti-aging effects and improve the overall health and physical appearance of our customers. 

The
majority of our products have been halal certified and, at the same time, awarded with a health manufacturing license by the Ministry
of Health Malaysia (MOH) to accommodate the high demand for Muslims HALAL food while also meeting the expectations of the public
on a safe and hygienic food supply. It is the belief, and hope, of the Company that this assurance from an esteemed regulatory body will
also serve to prove our continuing commitment in supplying quality goods to our customers. 

Through
our two factories located in Semenyih, Malaysia, we are able to deliver a one stop service. This begins with the initiation of product
concept, to sourcing new and potential ingredients or raw materials, we then begin development of new product formulations, and we continue
to customize production until products are ready to be shipped to our customers. This one-stop-shop method of operating
allows us to reduce the resources and cost needed to create our products, while also decreasing the amount of time needed from inception
to shipping. 

6 

In
2020, our products are sold through wholesalers who are supported by our sales and marketing team, and we have achieved the following: 

- 
 Received
 worldwide halal certification; 

- 
 Our
 products are available to consumers besides Muslim community; 

- 
 Received
 professional certification ensuring safe and high-quality health products; 

- 
 We
 maintaining a low cost, low capital, zero inventory and low threshold to help more wholesalers start a business easily with our platform; 

- 
 Our
 current products are listed at http://www.bionutry.com 

- 
 Developed
 a Wechat mode: Take your goods directly from the platform and sell them through your own network; 

- 
 Developed
 an Internet model, whereby wholesalers can register for an online store, receive goods directly, change the price and sell with a
 profit; 

- 
 Our
 WeChat + Internet models now are operated concurrently 24/7. 

Research
and Development activities have also been carried out continuously to ensure innovation and quality of the product is maintained and
improved. 

Our
largest customers over the last four years have been BFM Group (Asia) Sdn Bhd, GO3U Trading Sdn Bhd, 27 Marketing Sdn Bhd, and MACN Sdn
Bhd, who collectively comprised between 30 to 65 of our total annual sales. Remaining sales for the past four fiscal years
have been broken up into roughly eighty customers in varying quantities. 

The
heightened awareness of the public towards the importance of healthcare has helped to create vast market potential for future development.
In the future, our company will be expanding its business to Thailand, India and China to improve our ability to meet the demand the
Company perceives from consumers in these countries. 

Key
Products 

The
following is a brief description of our key products. A full list of our products, as well as additional product details, can be found
at http://www.bionutry.com. 

Our 5 top selling
 products in 2020 are described below. 

Year 
 2020 

Products 
 Sales 

Fiber 
 815,886 
 23 
 
 Anti-oxidant 
 788,206 
 22 
 
 Anti-diabetics 
 494,379 
 14 
 
 Lady Health 
 461,256 
 13 
 
 Telospan 
 300,933 
 8 
 
 Total 
 2,860,660 
 80 

7 

Fiber 

Many
 of us associate fiber with digestive health and bodily functions we d rather not think about. However, eating foods high in
 dietary fiber can do so much more than keep you regular. It can lower your risk for heart disease, stroke, and diabetes, improve
 the health of your skin, and help you lose weight. It may even help prevent colon cancer. Fiber, also known as roughage, is the part
 of plant-based foods (grains, fruits, vegetables, nuts, and beans) that the body can t break down. It passes through the body
 undigested, keeping your digestive system clean and healthy, easing bowel movements, and flushing cholesterol and harmful carcinogens
 out of the body. 

Resveratrol is a natural anti-oxidant which can reduce the blood viscosity, inhibit platelet aggregation and vasodilation, promote blood
circulation result in prevention of cardiovascular problem and development. Resveratrol exerts various effects through various pathways
with antiallergic, antipyretic and analgesic activities. Resveratrol also inhibits chemical that promote inflammation which can lead to
arthritis and other diseases. 

Bitter melon is traditionally known for its medicinal properties such as antidiabetic, anticancer, anti-inflammation, antivirus, and cholesterol
lowering effects. Bitter Melon Peptide contains a high dosage of plant insulin and can thus effectively lower blood sugar.
Insulin plays a major biochemical role in stimulating the uptake of glucose by different cells of the body for the production of energy.
Since Bitter melon and its various extracts and components have been reported to exert hypoglycemic effects, therefore Bitter Melon Peptide
has a hypoglycemic effect upon insulin-like biological activity and can regulate blood sugar to normal levels. 

8 

Lady
 Health 

Lady
 Health, clinically proven synergistic blend of Traditionally Malaysia and Korea herbal extracts that together offer relief for uncomfortable
 feelings associated with menopause. Research has shown this combination to promote healthy management of hot flashes, night sweats,
 nervous irritability, dizzy spells, vaginal dryness, numbness and tingling, occasional emotional discontent, and occasional fatigue
 and sleeplessness. Unlike some common menopause formulations with ingredients that bring safety concerns, Our Lady Health formulation
 has a record of safety, is non-estrogenic and has a long history of use in Asia. 

Telospan 

Telospan
 works at cell level in the body, After taking Telospan, it can be easily absorbed by the body, enters the bloodstream then
 passes to every single cell. Telospan activates telomeric gene when reaching the cells, produce telomerase and thus extend telomere.
 Telospan promote cell function and cell life. Scientific research has proved that human cells will divide up 50 times throughout
 the cell life. Cells divide once every two and half year. Telomere will be shortened in every cell division process until the end
 of cell life with no telomere. However, Resveratrol can activate the production of telomere in human body which lengthen the telomere
 by 30 . As a result, cell division can occur 

Marketing 

As
mentioned, we sell primarily through wholesalers whom we attract through word of mouth. Our current marketing strategy is to systematically
promote our capabilities and our past performance to our customers. We periodically make visits to potential clients within a reasonable
distance from our offices to introduce ourselves and explain why our clients prefer our services to those offered by competitors. Recently,
we have fine-tuned and revamped our corporate website to better promote the list of our products offered. In addition, we also plan to
pursue marketing campaigns by utilizing the internet, social media, and perhaps print media. These plans have not yet been determined
in sufficient detail to outline herein and our marketing plan is currently a work in progress. 

Key
Supplier 

The
raw materials contained in our products are highly dependent on our major supplier, Bio Life Solutions Sdn Bhd., an unrelated Malaysian
company, located in Selangor. Bio Life Solutions Sdn Bhd has supplied 62 of the raw materials that make up our
products over the past 3 fiscal years. At our current and our anticipated future operating levels, our supplier has indicated that they
will have ample supply to fulfill our orders for raw materials while also fulfilling any and all orders they may receive from other customers. 

9 

Government
Regulations 

All
of the principal products we offer for sale are registered under Malaysia s Food Act 1983 (Act 281) Regulations. At this
time, we only offer our products in Malaysia so presently this is the only pertinent government regulation, as all products require authorization
from the Food and Quality Division of Ministry of Health according to the Food Act of 1983 and Food Regulations 1985 in order to be sold
in Malaysia. 

Competition 

The
industry in which we compete is highly competitive. Competition in the health and beauty care industry, with a focus on health supplements
in particular, is very intense particularly in Malaysia. We face competition from various retail health supplement providers, pharmacies,
and multi-level marketing company which supply health supplement products. These competitors generate significant traffic and have established
brand recognition and financial resources. 

We
believe that the principal competitive factors in our market includes the quality of health supplements, the efficiency and effectiveness
of the health supplements, strength and depth of relationships with clients, the ability to identify the changing needs and requirements
of prospective clients, and the scope of service. Through utilizing our competitive strengths, we believe that we have a competitive
edge over other competitors due to the breadth of our product offerings, one stop convenience, pricing, our service, our reputation and
product safety. We are confident we can develop and enlarge our market share in Malaysia and potentially further into the overseas market. 

Future
Plans 

In
the future, subject to future funds, we intend to increase our current production capacity with the enhancement of our factory with modernized
and fully automated machineries. In addition, we plan to invest heavily in research and development activities to innovate and develop
new products to address the future market needs. 

We
also anticipate expanding into new geographical areas, with a particular focus, at least initially, on expanding into Thailand, India,
China, Indonesia and other Muslim countries. At present, we do not have any distinct timeline in place for expansion into these countries.
We also plan to expand our market coverage to include the halal market, the aging population market and the pet market as we see the
underlying potential in these three market sectors. When we begin these efforts, we plan to hire more employees to support our operations
in different countries. We believe that hiring fifteen to twenty employees will be sufficient in order to support our operations. We
may also evaluate potential acquisitions in the future which we feel may have some synergy with our current operations. 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2020, we have 30 full-time employees. Currently, our full-time employees devote approximately 50 hours per week to the
operations of our Company. We do not presently have pension, health, annuity, insurance, stock options, profit sharing, or similar benefit
plans; however, we may adopt plans in the future. There are presently no personal benefits available to our officer and/or director and
our employees. We intend to hire more staff to assist in the development and execution of our business operations. 

10 

Product
Liability 

Due
to nature of the Company s business, the Company may face claims for product liability resulting from any illnesses, adverse conditions
or reactions related to use of its products. Presently, the Company does not maintain any product liability insurance to cover any such
claims. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

 RISK
FACTORS 

An
investment in our common stock involves a number of very significant risks. You should carefully consider the following known material
risks and uncertainties in addition to other information in this Form 10-K in evaluating our company and its business before purchasing
shares of our company s common stock. You could lose all or part of your investment due to any of these risks. 

Risk
Factors Relating to Our Business 

WE
HAVE LIMITED OPERATING HISTORY AND LIMITED BUSINESS GROWTH. We have been operational since April 2017; therefore, we have had limited
operations which makes it difficult to evaluate our business and our prospects. In addition, to date, we have not experienced substantial
growth in our business. The likelihood of our success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications
and delays frequently encountered by a small operating company trying to expand its business enterprise and the highly competitive environment
in which we will operate. In addition, we are confronting the negative impact of COVID-19 on our business, which has been substantial.
Consequently, there can be no assurance that the business of the Company will grow in the future. Moreover, because of our limited operating
history, it is difficult to extrapolate any meaningful projections about the Company s future. 

THE
CURRENT PANDEMIC OF THE NOVEL CORONAVIRUS OR COVID-19, AND THE FUTURE OUTBREAK OF OTHER HIGHLY INFECTIOUS OR CONTAGIOUS DESEASES, COULD
MATERIALLY AND ADVERSELY IMPACT OR DISTUPT OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION, RESULTS OF OPERATIONS, CASH FLOWS AND PERFORMANCE. An outbreak
of respiratory illness caused by COVID-19 emerged in late 2019 and has spread globally, including Malaysia. The coronavirus is considered
to be highly contagious and poses a serious public health threat. The World Health Organization labeled the coronavirus a pandemic on
March 11, 2020, given its treat beyond a public health emergency of international concern the organization had declared on January 30,
2020. 

11 

Our
revenues, workforce and our wholesales are concentrated in Malaysia. The epidemic has resulted in lockdown of cities, travel restrictions,
and the temporary closure of stores and facilities in Malaysia for the past few months. The negative impacts of the COVID-19 outbreak
on our business have included: 

quarantines
 impeded our ability to sell our products and recruit new wholesalers, which has result in a dramatic reduction in sales. Travel restrictions
 limited other parties ability to visit and meet us in person. Although most communication may be less effective in building
 trust and engaging new agents and traders. 

the
 operations of our wholesalers have been and could continue to be negatively impacted by the epidemic, which may in adversely impact
 future sales. 

Additionally,
the pandemic has affected our overall ability to react timely to mitigate the impact of this event and has substantially hampered our
efforts to provide our investors with timely information and comply with our filing obligations with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

We
FACE MARKET COMPETITION AND OUR OPERATING RESULTS WILL SUFFER IF WE FAIL TO COMPETE EFFECTIVELY. We face competition from other companies
in the supplement and nutraceutical business in Malaysia and elsewhere in the Pacific Rim. Many of our competitors have stronger financial
and other capacities, including research and development, than us. 

If
our competitors market products that are more effective, safer or less expensive or that reach the market sooner than our future products,
if any, we may not achieve commercial success. In addition, because of our limited resources, it may be difficult for us to stay abreast
of any changes in the market. If we fail to stay at the forefront of innovative products, we may be unable to compete effectively. Advances
or products developed by our competitors may render our products obsolete, less competitive or not economical. 

WE
MAY FACE PRODUCT LIABILITY CLAIMS. Due to the nature of our business, we may face claims for product liability. These claims may
arise from the adverse conditions or reactions to the use of our products. While we feel confident in health benefits of our products,
we cannot provide assurances that product liability claims will arise in the future. 

Moreover,
litigation or adverse publicity resulting from these allegations could materially and adversely affect our business, regardless of whether
the allegations are valid or whether we are liable. Currently we have no product liability insurance coverage, and even if there was
such coverage, there would be no assurance that such coverage would be sufficient to properly protect us. Further, claims of this type,
whether substantiated or not, may divert our financial and management resources from revenue generating activities and the business operation. 

Presently,
we do not have insurance to cover any product liability claims. This lack of insurance may cause a material adverse impact on the Company
if product liability claims arise. 

INEFFECTIVE
RISK MANAGEMENT POLICIES AND PROCEDURES. The Company relies on a combination of technical and human factors to protect the Company
against risks. Its policies, procedures and practices are used to identify, monitor and control a variety of risks, including risks related
to human error and hardware and software errors. The Company s standard of operations has been developed internally. These risk-management
methods may not adequately prevent losses and may not protect us against all risks, in which case our business, economic conditions,
operations and cash flows may be materially adversely affected. 

12 

WE
WILL NEED ADDITIONAL FINANCING IN ORDER TO GROW OUR BUSINESS. We do not have sufficient assets with which to expand our business.
We intend to expand our business through increased marketing efforts in Malaysia and elsewhere. These additional expenditures are intended
to be funded from cash on hand and, if necessary, third party sources, including the incurring of debt and/or the sale of additional
equity securities. In addition to requiring additional financing to fund expansion, the Company may require additional financing to fund
working capital and operating losses in the future should the need arise. The incurrence of debt creates additional financial leverage
and therefore an increase in the financial risk of the Company s operations. The sale of additional equity securities will be dilutive
to the interests of current equity holders. In addition, there can be no assurance that such additional financing, whether debt or equity,
will be available to the Company or that it will be available on acceptable commercial terms. Any inability to secure such additional
financing on appropriate terms could have a materially adverse impact on the business, financial condition and operating results of the
Company. 

WE
AND OUR VENDORS ARE SUBJECT TO LAWS AND REGULATIONS THAT COULD REQUIRE US TO MODIFY OUR CURRENT BUSINESS PRACTICES AND INCUR INCREASED
COSTS, WHICH COULD HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR BUSINESS, FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. In our industry,
we are subject to numerous laws and regulations, including labor, employment and taxation laws. The formulation, manufacturing, packaging,
labelling, distribution, sale and storage of our products are subject to extensive regulation by various federal agencies and regulatory
bodies. If we fail to comply with those regulations, we would subject to significant penalties or claims, which would harm our business
operations. In addition, the adoption of new regulations or changes in the interpretations of existing regulations may result in significant
compliance costs or discontinuation of product sales and may impair the marketability of our products, resulting in significant loss
of net sales. Our failure to comply with regulations may result in enforcement actions and imposition of penalties or otherwise harm
the distribution and sale of our products. 

WE
EXPECT OUR NET SALES AND OPERATING RESULTS TO VARY SIGNIFICANTLY FROM QUARTER TO QUARTER. A number of factors will influence our
sales and results, including changes in: 

General
 economic conditions; 

The
 demand for our products; 

Our
 ability to retain, grow our business and attract new clients; 

Administrative
 costs; 

Advertising
 and other marketing costs; 

AS
A RESULT OF THE VARIABILITY OF THESE AND OTHER FACTORS, OUR OPERATING RESULTS IN FUTURE QUARTERS MAY BE BELOW THE EXPECTATIONS OF PUBLIC
MARKET ANALYSTS AND INVESTORS. If we fail to maintain a quality service and value, our sales are likely to be negatively affected.
Our success depends on the safety and hygiene product that we produce through our in house manufacturing company. Our future customers
will identify our product with a certain level of quality and value. If we could not meet this perceived value or level of quality, we
may be negatively affected and our operating results may suffer. 

13 

THE
SUCCESS OF OUR BUSINESS DEPENDS ON OUR ABILITY TO MAINTAIN AND ENHANCE OUR REPUTATION AND BRAND. We believe that our reputation in
the healthcare industry is of significant importance to the success of our business. A well-recognized brand is critical to increasing
our customer base and, in turn, increasing our revenue. Since the healthcare industry is highly competitive, our ability to remain competitive
depends to a large extent on our ability to maintain and enhance our reputation and brand, which could be difficult and expensive. To
maintain and enhance our reputation and brand, we need to successfully manage many aspects of our business, such as cost- effective marketing
campaigns to increase brand recognition and awareness in a highly competitive market. 

We
will continue to conduct various marketing and brand promotion activities. We cannot assure you, however, that these activities will
be successful and achieve the brand promotion goals we expect. If we fail to maintain and enhance our reputation and brand, or if we
incur excessive expenses in our efforts to do so, our business, financial conditions and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

BUSINESS
DISRUPTIONS COULD SERIOUSLY HARM OUR FUTURE REVENUE AND FINANCIAL CONDITION AND INCREASE OUR COSTS AND EXPENSES. Our operations could
be subject to power shortages, telecommunications failures, wildfires, water shortages, floods, earthquakes, hurricanes, typhoons, fires,
extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics and other natural or man-made disasters or business interruptions. The occurrence of any
of these business disruptions could seriously harm our operations and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. Unfavorable
global economic conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

We
do not carry insurance for all categories of risk that our business may encounter. Although we intend to obtain some form of business
interruption insurance in the future, there can be no assurance that we will secure adequate insurance coverage or that any such insurance
coverage will be sufficient to protect our operations to significant potential liability in the future. Any significant uninsured liability
may require us to pay substantial amounts, which would adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. 

WE
MAY INCUR SIGNIFICANT COSTS TO BE A PUBLIC COMPANY TO ENSURE COMPLIANCE WITH U.S. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND ACCOUNTING REQUIREMENTS AND
WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ABSORB SUCH COSTS. We may incur significant costs associated with our public company reporting requirements,
costs associated with newly applicable corporate governance requirements, including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
and other rules implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission. We expect these costs to approximate 50,000 per year, consisting
of 25,000 in legal, 20,000 in audit and 5,000 for EDGAR filing and transfer agent fees. We expect all of these applicable rules and
regulations to significantly increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time consuming and costly.
We may not be able to cover these costs from our operations and may need to raise or borrow additional funds. We also expect that these
applicable rules and regulations may make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance
and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar
coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on our board of directors
or as executive officers. We are currently evaluating and monitoring developments with respect to these newly applicable rules, and we
cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. In addition, we may not be able to
absorb these costs of being a public company which will negatively affect our business operations. 

14 

OUR
SOLE OFFICER AND DIRECTOR MAY HAVE A CONFLICT OF INTEREST WITH THE MINORITY SHAREHOLDERS AT SOME TIME IN THE FUTURE. Our sole officer
and director beneficially owns approximately 77.18 of our outstanding common stock. The interests of our officer and director may not
be, at all times, the same as that of our other shareholders. Our officer and director is not simply a passive investor but is also the
sole executive of the Company, his interest as an executive may, at times be adverse to those of passive investors. Where those conflicts
exist, our shareholders will be dependent upon our director exercising, in a manner fair to all of our shareholders, his fiduciary duty
in such capacity. Also, our director will have the ability to control the outcome of most corporate actions requiring shareholder approval,
including the sale of all or substantially all of our assets and amendments to our articles of incorporation. This concentration of ownership
may also have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us, which may be disadvantageous to minority shareholders. 

OUR
SOLE OFFICER AND DIRECTOR MAY HAVE OTHER POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST. Currently our sole officer and director has been working
on promoting business for the Company. A potential conflict of interest may arise in the future that may cause our business to fail,
including conflicts of interest in allocating his time to our company and their other business interests. While our sole officer and
director has verbally agreed to devote sufficient time and attention to the affairs of the Company, we have no written arrangement with
him regarding this matter. As a result, we may face conflicts between business decisions that he may have to make regarding our operations
and that of his other business interests. 

BECAUSE
OUR MANAGEMENT DOES NOT HAVE PRIOR EXPERIENCE RUNNING A PUBLIC COMPANY, WE MAY HAVE TO HIRE INDIVIDUALS OR SUSPEND OR CEASE OPERATIONS.
 Because our management has limited prior experience in running a public company, including the preparation of reports under the Securities
Act of 1934, we may have to hire additional experienced personnel to assist us with the preparation thereof. If we need the additional
experienced personnel and we do not hire them, we could fail in our plan of operations and have to suspend operations or cease operations
entirely. 

LACK
OF INDEPENDENT AUDIT COMMITTEE. Although the common stock is not listed on any national securities exchange, for purposes of independence
we use the definition of independence applied by NASDAQ. Currently, we have no independent audit committee. The full board of directors 
functions as audit committee and is comprised of our sole director. An independent audit committee plays a crucial role in the corporate
governance process, assessing our Company s processes relating to our risks and control environment, overseeing financial reporting,
and evaluating internal and independent audit processes. The lack of an independent audit committee may prevent the board of directors
from being independent from management in its judgments and decisions and its ability to pursue the responsibilities of an audit committee
without undue influence. We may have difficulty attracting and retaining directors with the requisite qualifications. If we are unable
to attract and retain qualified, independent directors, the management of the business could be compromised. An independent audit committee
is required for listing on any national securities exchange; therefore, until such time as we meet the audit committee independence requirements
of a national securities exchange, we will be ineligible for listing on any national securities exchange. 

15 

CROSS-BORDER
OPERATIONS. As we plan to continue expanding our existing cross-border operations into existing and other markets, we will face risks
associated with expanding into markets in which we have limited or no experience and in which our company may be less well-known. We
may be unable to attract a sufficient number of customers and other participants, fail to anticipate competitive conditions or face difficulties
in operating effectively in these new markets. The expansion of our cross-border business will also expose us to risks relating to staffing
and managing cross-border operations, increased costs to protect intellectual property, tariffs and other trade barriers, differing and
potentially adverse tax consequences, increased and conflicting regulatory compliance requirements, lack of acceptance of our service
offerings, challenges caused by distance, language and cultural differences, exchange rate risk and political instability. Accordingly,
any efforts we make to expand our cross-border operations may not be successful, which could limit our ability to grow our revenue, net
income and profitability. 

RISKS
RELATED TO DOING BUSINESS IN ASIA PACIFIC REGION. Changes in the political and economic policies of the local government may materially
and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and may result in our inability to sustain our growth
and expansion strategies. Accordingly, our financial condition and results of operations are affected to a significant extent by economic,
political and legal developments in Asia Pacific region, primarily Malaysia. 

The
Asia Pacific economy differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including the extent of government involvement,
level of development, growth rate, control of foreign exchange and allocation of resources. In addition, the government continues to
play a significant role in regulating industry development by imposing industrial policies. The government also exercises significant
control over economic growth by allocating resources, controlling payment of foreign currency-denominated obligations, setting monetary
policy, regulating financial services and institutions and providing preferential treatment to particular industries or companies. 

The
local government has implemented various measures to encourage economic growth and guide the allocation of resources. Some of these measures
may benefit the overall economy, but may also have a negative effect on us. Our financial condition and results of operation could be
materially and adversely affected by government control over capital investments or changes in tax regulations that are applicable to
us. In addition, the government has implemented in the past certain measures, including interest rate increases, to control the pace
of economic growth. These measures may cause decreased economic activity, which in turn could lead to a reduction in demand for our services
and consequently have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition and results of operations. 

YOU
MAY EXPERIENCE DIFFICULTIES IN EFFECTING SERVICE OF LEGAL PROCESS, ENFORCING FOREIGN JUDGMENTS OR BRINGING ORIGINAL ACTIONS IN MALAYSIA
BASED ON UNITED STATES OR OTHER FOREIGN LAWS AGAINST US OR OUR MANAGEMENT. Our operating subsidiary is incorporated in Malaysia and
conducts substantially all of our operations in Asia Pacific. Our executive officer and director resides outside the United States and
all of his assets are located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult or impossible for shareholders to bring
an action against us or against this individuals in Malaysia in the event that you believe that your rights have been infringed under
the securities laws of the United States or otherwise. Even if you are successful in bringing an action of this kind, the laws of Malaysia
may render you unable to enforce a judgment against our assets or the assets of our director and officer. There is no statutory recognition
in Malaysia of judgments obtained in the United States, although the courts of Malaysia will generally recognize and enforce a non-penal
judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits. The rights of shareholders to take legal action
against us and our directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors are to a large extent
governed by the common law of Malaysia. The common law of Malaysia is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in
Malaysia as well as from English common law, which provides persuasive, but not binding, authority in a court in Malaysia. The rights
of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Malaysian law are not as clearly established as they would
be under statutes or judicial precedents in the United States. In particular, Malaysia has a less developed body of securities laws than
the United States and provides significantly less protection to investors. As a result, our public shareholders may have more difficulty
in protecting their interests through actions against us, our management, our directors or our major shareholders than would shareholders
of a corporation incorporated in a jurisdiction in the United States. 

16 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

SALES
OF OUR COMMON STOCK IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144 MAY REDUCE PRICES IN THAT MARKET BY A MATERIAL AMOUNT. A significant number of the outstanding
shares of our common stock are restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. As restricted
securities, those shares may be resold only pursuant to an effective registration statement or pursuant to the requirements of Rule 144
or other applicable exemptions from registration under the Securities Act and as required under applicable state securities laws. Rule
144 provides in essence that an affiliate i.e. , an officer, director or control person) who has held restricted securities for
a prescribed period may, under certain conditions, sell every three months, in brokerage transactions, a number of shares that does not
exceed 1.0 of the issuer s outstanding common stock. The alternative limitation on the number of shares that may be sold by an
affiliate, which is related to the average weekly trading volume during the four calendar weeks prior to the sale is not available to
stockholders of companies whose securities are not traded on an automated quotation system because the OTC-QB Market is
not such a system, market-based volume limitations are not available for holders of our securities selling under Rule 144. 

Pursuant
to the provisions of Rule 144, there is no limit on the number of restricted securities that may be sold by a non-affiliate i.e .,
a stockholder who has not been an officer, director or control person for at least 90 consecutive days before the date of the proposed
sale) after the restricted securities have been held by the owner for a prescribed period, although there may be other limitations and/or
criteria to satisfy. A sale pursuant to Rule 144 or pursuant to any other exemption from the Securities Act, if available, or pursuant
to registration of shares of our common stock held by our stockholders, may reduce the price of our common stock in any market that may
develop. 

YOU
MAY NOT BE ABLE TO LIQUIDATE YOUR INVESTMENT SINCE THERE IS NO ASSURANCE THAT A PUBLIC MARKET WILL DEVELOP FOR OUR COMMON STOCK OR THAT
OUR COMMON STOCK WILL EVER BE APPROVED FOR TRADING ON A RECOGNIZED EXCHANGE. There is no established public trading market for our
securities. Although we intend to be quoted on the OTC-QB Market in the United States, our shares are not and have not been quoted on
any exchange or quotation system. We cannot assure you that a market maker will agree to file the necessary documents with the FINRA,
nor can there be any assurance that such an application for quotation will be approved or that a regular trading market will develop
or that if developed, will be sustained. In the absence of a trading market, an investor may be unable to liquidate its investment, which
will result in the loss of your investment. 

17 

OUR
COMMON STOCK IS SUBJECT TO THE PENNY STOCK RULES OF THE SEC AND THE TRADING MARKET IN OUR SECURITIES IS LIMITED, WHICH
MAKES TRANSACTIONS IN OUR STOCK CUMBERSOME AND MAY REDUCE THE VALUE OF AN INVESTMENT IN OUR STOCK. Under U.S. federal securities
legislation, our common stock will constitute penny stock . Penny stock is any equity security that has a market price of
less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require
that a broker or dealer approve a potential investor s account for transactions in penny stocks, and the broker or dealer receive
from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased.
In order to approve an investor s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must obtain financial information
and investment experience objectives of the person, and make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable
for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of
transactions in penny stocks. The broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule
prepared by the Commission relating to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer
made the suitability determination. Brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock 
rules. This may make it more difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our stock.
Disclosure also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about
the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights
and remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing
recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. 

IN
THE FUTURE, WE MAY ISSUE ADDITIONAL COMMON AND PREFERRED SHARES, WHICH WOULD REDUCE INVESTORS PERCENT OF OWNERSHIP AND MAY DILUTE
OUR SHARE VALUE. Our Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance of 600,000,000 shares of common stock. As of the date of this
filing, the Company had 362,905,561 shares of common stock outstanding. Accordingly. In addition, we have the right to issue 200,000,000
shares of preferred stock. The preferred stock is known as blank check as the Board of Directors is authorized to set the
rights, privileges and preference of the preferred stock. The future issuance of common stock and preferred may result in substantial
dilution in the percentage of our common stock held by our then existing shareholders. We may value any common stock issued in the future
on an arbitrary basis. The issuance of common stock or preferred stock for future services or acquisitions or other corporate actions
may have the effect of diluting the value of the shares held by our investors, and might have an adverse effect on any trading market
for our common stock. 

WE
ARE NOT A FULLY REPORTING COMPANY UNDER SECTION 12(G) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, RATHER WE WILL BE SUBJECT TO THE REPORTING
REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION 15(D) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT WHICH IS LESS RESTRICTIVE ON US AND OUR INSIDERS. In order for us to become a fully
reporting company under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act, we will have to file a Registration Statement on Form 8-A. If we do not become
subject to Section 12 of the Exchange Act, we will be subject to Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, and as such we will not be required
to comply with (i) the proxy statement requirements which means shareholders may have less notice of pending matters, and (ii) the Williams
Act which requires disclosure of persons or groups that acquire 5 of a company s publicly traded stock and also regulates tender
offers. In addition, our officer, director and 10 stockholder will not be required to submit reports to the SEC on their stock ownership
and stock trading activity. These reports include Form 3, 4 and 5. Therefore, as a shareholder, less information and disclosure concerning
these matters will be available to you. 

18 

WE
DO NOT INTEND TO PAY ANY CASH DIVIDENDS ON OUR COMMON STOCK, OUR STOCKHOLDERS WILL NOT BE ABLE TO RECEIVE A RETURN ON THEIR SHARES UNLESS
THEY SELL THEM. We intend to retain any future earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate
paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Unless we pay dividends, our stockholders will not be able to
receive a return on their shares unless they sell them. There is no assurance that stockholders will be able to sell shares when desired. 

OUR
COMMON STOCK PRICE IS LIKELY TO BE HIGHLY VOLATILE WHICH MAY SUBJECT US TO SECURITIES LITIGATION THEREBY DIVERTING OUR RESOURCES WHICH
MAY AFFECT OUR PROFITABILITY AND RESULTS OF OPERATION. The market price for our common stock is likely to be highly volatile as the
stock market in general and the market for Internet-related stocks. 

The
following factors will add to our common stock price s volatility: 

- 
 fluctuations
 in our quarterly financial results or the quarterly financial results of companies perceived to be similar to us; 

- 
 changes
 in estimates of our financial results or recommendations by securities analysts; 

- 
 changes
 in market valuations of similar companies; 

- 
 changes
 in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of additional debt; 

- 
 regulatory
 developments in Malaysia or other countries wherein we expect to conduct business; 

- 
 litigation
 involving our company, our general industry or both; 

- 
 investors 
 general perception of us; and 

- 
 changes
 in general economic, industry and market conditions. 

Many
of these factors are beyond our control. These factors may decrease the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating
performance. In the past, plaintiffs have initiated securities class action litigation against a company following periods of volatility
in the market price of its securities. In the future, we may be the target of similar litigation. Securities litigation could result
in substantial costs and liabilities and could divert management s attention and resources. 

19 

REDUCED
DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS APPLICABLE TO EMERGING GROWTH COMPANIES MAY MAKE OUR COMMON STOCK LESS ATTRACTIVE TO INVESTORS. We qualify
as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. As a result, we are permitted to, and intend to, rely on exemptions from
certain disclosure requirements. For so long as we are an emerging growth company, we will not be required to: 

have
 an auditor report on our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

comply
 with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation
 or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (i.e.,
 an auditor discussion and analysis); 

submit
 certain executive compensation matters to shareholder advisory votes, such as say-on-pay and say-on-frequency; 
 and 

disclose
 certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons
 of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period
provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging
growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.
We will remain an emerging growth company for up to five full fiscal years, although if the market value of our common stock that is
held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any January 31 before that time, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as
of the following December 31, or if our annual revenues exceed 1 billion, we would cease to be an emerging growth company the following
fiscal year, or if we issue more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt in a three-year period, we would cease to be an emerging growth
company immediately. 

Notwithstanding
the above, we are also currently a smaller reporting company, meaning that we are not an investment company, an asset-backed
issuer, nor a majority-owned subsidiary of a parent company that is not a smaller reporting company, and has a public float of less than
 75 million and annual revenues of less than 50 million during the most recently completed fiscal year. If we are still considered a
 smaller reporting company at such time as we cease to be an emerging growth company, we will be subject to
increased disclosure requirements. However, the disclosure requirements will still be less than they would be if we were not considered
either an emerging growth company or a smaller reporting company. Specifically, similar to emerging
growth companies , smaller reporting companies are able to provide simplified executive compensation disclosures
in their filings; are exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring that independent registered public
accounting firms provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting; are not required to
conduct say-on-pay and frequency votes until annual meetings occurring on or after January 21, 2015; and have certain other decreased
disclosure obligations in their SEC filings, including, among other things, only being required to provide two years of audited financial
statements in annual reports. Decreased disclosures in its SEC filings due to its status as an emerging growth company 
or smaller reporting company may make us less attractive to investors given that it will be harder for investors to analyze
the Company s results of operations and financial prospects and, as a result, it may be difficult for us to raise additional capital
as and when we need it. 

20 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES. 

Our
properties are located at No. 9 10, Jalan P4/8B, Bandar Teknologi Kajang, 43500 Semenyih, Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia. The property
is a 3-story semi-detached facility. The property consists of a total of 18,453 square feet, of 9,053 square feet is allocated to our
executive offices and the remainder is for manufacturing and distribution. The real estate is owned by our subsidiary, Bio Life Neutraceuticals
Sdn Bhd. We acquired the property in June 2016. The property was pledged to Maybank Islamic Berhad for banking facilities of USD 935,500along
with interest at 4 per annum. The loan is payable by equal monthly instalment of USD 4,492 for term of 20 years. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

There
are presently no pending legal proceedings to which the Company or any of its property is subject, or any material proceedings to which
any director, officer or affiliate of the Company, any owner of record or beneficially of more than five percent of any class of voting
securities is a party or has a material interest adverse to the Company, and no such proceedings are known to the Company to be threatened
or contemplated against it. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

None. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market
Information 

As
of the date of this filing, we have not applied to FINRA for the symbol for our common stock. Thus, at the moment, there is no established
public market for our common stock, and a public market may never develop. In addition, there may never be substantial activity in such
market. If there is substantial activity, such activity may not be maintained, and no prediction can be made as to what prices may prevail
in such market. 

21 

If
we become able to have our shares of common stock quoted on the OTC-QB tier of OTC Markets, we will then try, through a broker-dealer
and its clearing firm, to become eligible with the DTC to permit our shares to be traded electronically. If an issuer is not DTC-eligible, 
its shares cannot be electronically transferred between brokerage accounts, which, based on the realities of the marketplace as it exists
today (especially OTC Markets), means that shares of an issuer will not be able to be traded (technically the shares can be traded manually
between accounts, but this may take days and is not a realistic option for issuers relying on broker-dealers for stock transactions -
like all the companies on the OTC Markets). What this means is that while DTC-eligibility is not a requirement to trade on the OTC Markets,
it is however a necessity to efficiently process trades on the OTC Markets if a company s stock is going to trade with any volume.
There are no assurances that our shares will ever become DTC-eligible or, if they do, how long it may take. 

Capital
Stock 

Our
authorized capital stock consists of 600,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, and 200,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, 0.0001 par value per share. As of the date of this filing, there are 362,905,561 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding
that was held by 163 stockholders of record and no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. The shares of preferred stock are
 blank check meaning the Company s Board of Directors can issue shares of preferred stock in such series with such
rights, privileges and preferences as determined from time to time by the Board of Directors without shareholder approval. 

Dividend
Policy 

The
Company has not declared or paid any cash dividends on its Common Stock and does not intend to declare or pay any cash dividend in the
foreseeable future. The payment of dividends, if any, is within the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on the Company s
earnings, if any, its capital requirements and financial condition and such other factors as the Board of Directors may consider. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
Company does not have any equity compensation plans or any individual compensation arrangements with respect to its Common Stock or Preferred
Stock. The issuance of any of our Common Stock or Preferred Stock is within the discretion of our Board of Directors, which has the power
to issue any or all of our authorized but unissued shares without stockholder approval. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None 

22 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. 

As
a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, the Company is not required to provide this information. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

GENERAL 

Our
Company was incorporated in April 2017 and operations of our Malaysian subsidiaries began operations in 2017. Consequently, the
following discussion and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition of the Company is for fiscal years ended December
31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, respectively. This information should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements
that are included elsewhere herein. The consolidated financial statements presented herein (and to which this discussion relates) reflect
the results of operations of the Company and its Malaysian subsidiaries. Our discussion includes forward-looking statements based upon
current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Actual results
and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of
factors. We use words such as anticipate, estimate, plan, project, continuing, 
 ongoing, expect, believe, intend, may, will, should, 
 could, and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any
forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this report, except as required
by law. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made throughout the entirety of this quarterly report,
which are designed to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of
operations and prospects. 

Company
Overview 

Our
financial statements are prepared in US Dollars and in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
See information immediately below for information concerning the exchange rates at the Malaysian translated into US Dollars USD at various pertinent dates and for pertinent periods. 

Translation
of amounts from the local currency of the Malaysian company Bio Life Neutraceuticals Sdn. Bhd., a subsidiary of Bioplus Life Corp, into
US 1 has been made at the following exchange rates for the respective years: 

As
 of and for the years ended December 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Year-end
MYR : US 1 exchange rate 
 4.0130 
 4.0925 
 
 Yearly
 average MYR : US 1 exchange rate 
 4.2016 
 4.1427 

23 

Bioplus
Life Corp., a Nevada corporation Company ), was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on April 13, 2017. On
July 10, 2017, the Company acquired 100 of the equity interests of Bioplus Life Corp., a Malaysian company. On July 19, 2017, the Company,
through its Malaysian subsidiary, Bioplus Life Corp., acquired 100 of the equity interests of Bioplus Life International Holdings Ltd,
a Hong Kong company. On October 27, 2017, the Company through its Hong Kong subsidiary, Bioplus Life International Holdings Ltd, acquired
100 equity interest of Bioplus Life Corp. (ShenZhen), a company incorporated in China. 

During
the current fiscal year, the Company disposed of and de-registered two of its subsidiaries namely, Bioplus Life International Holdings
Ltd, a Hong Kong company and its subsidiary, Bioplus Life Corp. (ShenZhen), a company incorporated in China. 

Our
current corporate structure is depicted below: 

Summary
of Business 

Bioplus
Life Corp., through its wholly owned subsidiaries, specializing in manufacturing and selling health and beauty care products. Our corporate
complex is located at No 9 and No 10, Jalan P4/8B, Bandar Teknologi Kajang, 43500 Semenyih, Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia, which are
two adjoining commercial structures. Our corporate offices are located in the No. 9 building. Our manufacturing facilities comprise the
remainder of the space in both buildings. 

Our
website is http://www.bionutry.com and our phone number is +60 3 8703 2020. 

24 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

Results
of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2020 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2019. 

The
following table sets forth key components of the results of operations for fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
The discussion following the table addresses these results. 

Year
 ended 

December
 31, 

2020 
 2019 

REVENUE 
 3,549,313 
 1,722,209 
 
 COST
 OF REVENUE 
 (2,178,491 
 (914,739 
 
 GROSS
 PROFIT 
 1,370,822 
 807,470 
 
 OTHER
 INCOME 
 18,663 
 21,143 
 
 OPERATING
 EXPENSES 

General
 and operating expenses 
 (1,067,077 
 (855,274 
 
 Finance
 cost 
 (34,378 
 (33,242 
 
 TOTAL
 EXPENSES 
 (1,101,455 
 (888,516 
 
 PROFIT/(LOSS)
 FROM OPERATIONS 
 288,030 
 (59,903 
 
 Gain
 on disposal of subsidiary 
 28,912 
 - 
 
 PROFIT/(LOSS)
 BEFORE INCOME TAX 
 316,942 
 (59,903 
 
 Income
 tax expense 
 (102,748 
 (33,289 
 
 NET
 PROFIT/(LOSS) 
 214,194 
 (93,192 
 
 Other
 comprehensive income: 

Foreign
 currency translation profit 
 42,531 
 32,702 
 
 COMPREHENSIVE
 PROFIT/(LOSS) 
 256,725 
 (60,490 

Earning
 per shares 
 0.0005 
 (0.0002 
 
 Weighted
 average number of shares outstanding 

-
 Basic and diluted 
 362,610,479 
 359,305,561 

Revenues.
 For the annual period ended December 31, 2020, we had revenues of 3,549,313 as compared to revenues of 1,722,209 for the annual
period ended December 31, 2019, an increase of approximately 106 from the prior annual period. The increase in revenues for the current
annual period is due to the gradual relaxion on the Movement Control Order (MCO) during the period. The relaxation of MCO allowed us
to complete last year s backlog along with fulfillment of new orders for the current year from wholesalers and retailers. 

Cost
of revenues . For the annual period ended December 31, 2020, we had cost of revenues of 2,178,491, as compared to cost of revenues
of 914,739 for the annual period ended December 31, 2019, an increase of approximately 138 from the prior annual period. The increase
for the current year end period reflects the 106 increase in revenues. 

Other
Income . For the annual period ended December 31, 2020, we had other income of 18,663, as compared 21,143 for the annual period
ended December 31, 2019. Other income for the 2 periods was relatively flat, except that for fiscal 2019 included a gain from the disposal
of a motor vehicle while a similar event did not occur during fiscal 2020. 

Operating
Expenses . For the annual period ended December 31, 2020, we had total operating expenses of 1,101,455 as compared to total operating
expenses of 888,516 for the annual period ended December 31, 2019, an increase of approximately 23.97 . Operating expenses consists
of general and operating expenses which includes depreciation of fixed assets, stock grants to officers/directors, shares issuances to
service providers, employee compensation and benefits, professional fees and marketing and travel expenses. Operating expenses also includes
finance costs on the Company s term loan, which was relatively flat for both annual periods. The increase in general and operating
expenses for the current year period reflects increases in commissions paid due to increased revenues as well as increases in staff and
directors bonuses. 

Profit/(Loss)
from operations . We had a profit from operations of 288,030 for the annual period ended December 31, 2020 compared with a loss from
operations of 59,903 for the annual period ended December 31, 2019 for the reasons discussed above. 

25 

Profit
Before Income Tax . During the current fiscal year, we also had again on a subsidiary disposal of 28,912 which contributed to our
Profit Before Income Tax. We did not have a similar gain for the prior fiscal period. 

Tax
expense . For the year ended December 31, 2020, we had income tax expense of 102,748 compared with income tax expense of 33,289
for the prior annual fiscal year. The increase in this expense for the current year end period was due to increase in net profit from
operations. 

Foreign
currency translation gain/loss. For the annual period ended December 31, 2020, we had foreign currency translation gain of 42,531
compared with foreign currency translation gain 32,702 for the prior annual period. Foreign currency translation gain/loss represents
the movement of the US Dollar against the Malaysian Ringgit. 

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

As
of December 31, 2020, we had working capital of 308,495 compared with working capital of 206,903 as of December 31, 2019. The increase
in working capital is due to increases in cash and accounts receivable, both of which are attributable to increased revenues and profit
for the current period. 

Our
primary uses of cash have been for operations. The main sources of cash have been from operational revenues and the private placement
of our common stock. The following trends are reasonably likely to result in a material decrease in our liquidity over the near to long
term: 

Addition
 of administrative and marketing personnel as the business grows, 

Development
 of a Company website, 

Increases
 in advertising and marketing in order to attempt to generate more revenues, and 

The
 cost of being a public company. 

Chong
Khooi You, President/CEO, a major shareholder of the Company, has undertaken to financially support the company so that the Company will
be sufficient to sustain its current level of operation for at least the next 12 months of operations. In this respect, Company has the
ability to continue as a going concern, if the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital. The accompanying financial statements do
not include any adjustments to reflect the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities
that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Summary
of Cash Flows 

The
following is a summary of the Company s cash flows from operating and financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2020
and 2019: 

For
 the year ended December 31, 
 
 (in
 Thousands) 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Cash
 and cash equivalents beginning of year 
 69,220 
 255,554 
 
 Net
 cash flow provided by/(used in): 

Operating
 activities 
 564,580 
 (146,845 
 
 Investing
 activities 
 (200,885 
 (58,557 
 
 Financing
 activities 
 (60,113 
 20,822 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustment 
 14,241 
 (1,754 
 
 Net
 cash increase (decrease) for the year 
 315,513 
 (186,334 
 
 Cash
 and cash equivalents, end of the year 
 398,974 
 69,220 

26 

Operating
Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company incurred a net profit of 214,194 which, after adjusting for amortization, bad debts written
off and gain on disposal of subsidiary and interest expense, and changes in operating assets and liabilities, resulted in net cash of
 564,580 being used in operating activities during the year. By comparison, during the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company incurred
a net loss of 93,192 which, after adjusting for depreciation and interest expense, and changes in operating assets and liabilities,
resulted in net cash of 146,845 in operating activities during the period. 

Investing
Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2020, cash flow from investing activities consisted of purchase of the property, plant and equipment of 206,458
compared with similar purchases of 58,557 for the prior year end period. The increase during the current period is due to additional
investments in plant, machinery equipment. 

Financing
Activities 

For
the year ended December 31, 2020, the cash provided by financing activities primarily consisted of the receipt of proceed from issued
shares 360, offset by 33,471 in interest expense, 2,907 in repayment of loans and 12,164 in repayment of finance lease. For the year
ended December 31, 2019, the cash provided by financing activities primarily consisted of the receipt of application fund of 104,000
offset by offset by 33,242 in interest expense, 21,743 in repayment of loans and 28,193 in repayment of finance lease. 

Our
financial statements reflect the fact that we have sufficient revenue to cover our operating expenses for the next 12 months, although
at present time, we are under-capitalized. The Company intends to continue with capital investment or other financing to fund its marketing/
promotional campaigns and the expansion of production capacity for 2021 and beyond for a 50 to 60 increase in revenues in Malaysia,
China, India, Middle Eastern and African markets. If continued funding and capital resources are unavailable at reasonable terms, the
Company may not be able to implement its expansion plan. 

27 

Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies. 

Basis
 of presentation 

These
accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
of America US GAAP ). 

Basis
of consolidation 

In
the Annual Report, the Company, us or we refer to the consolidated entity, including its subsidiaries
and affiliates. Furthermore, in which the company has a variable interest have been consolidated where the Company is the primary beneficiary.
All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Use
 of estimates 

In
preparing these financial statements, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
in the balance sheets and revenues and expenses during the years reported. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Cash
and cash equivalents represent cash on hand, demand deposits placed with banks or other financial institutions and all highly liquid
investments with an original maturity of three months or less as of the purchase date of such investments. 

Property,
 plant and equipment 

Property
and plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any. Depreciation is calculated
on the straight-line basis to write off the cost over the following expected useful lives of the assets concerned. The principal annual
rates used are as follows: 

Categories 
 Principal Annual Rates/Expected Useful Life 
 
 Computer hardware 
 20 
 
 Furniture fittings 
 10 
 
 Handphone 
 20 
 
 Landscape 
 20 
 
 Leasehold land and building 
 99 years 
 
 Machinery 
 10 
 
 Motor vehicle 
 20 
 
 Office equipment 
 10 
 
 Renovation 
 20 
 
 Signboard 
 10 
 
 Tools and equipment 
 10 
 
 Kitchen utensils 
 10 

Fully
depreciated plant and equipment are retained in the financial statements until they are no longer in use. 

28 

Inventories 

Inventories
consisting of products available for sell, are stated at the lower of cost or market value. Cost of inventory is determined using the
first-in, first-out (FIFO) method. Inventory reserve is recorded to write down the cost of inventory to the estimated market value due
to slow-moving merchandise and damaged goods, which is dependent upon factors such as historical and forecasted consumer demand, and
promotional environment. The Company takes ownership, risks and rewards of the products purchased. Write downs are recorded in cost of
revenues in the Condensed Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. 

Revenue
 recognition 

Revenue
recognized when it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the transaction will flow to the enterprise and the amount
of the revenue can be measured reliably. Revenue is measured at the fair value of consideration received or receivable. 

a. 
 Sales
 of goods or rendering of services 

An
entity shall recognize revenue associated with the transaction by reference to the stage of completion of the transaction at the end
of the reporting period. The outcome of a transaction can be estimated reliably when all the following conditions are satisfied: - 

i. 
 The
 amount of revenue can be measured reliably; 

ii. 
 It
 is probable that the economic benefits associated with the transaction will flow to the entity; 

iii. 
 The
 stage of completion of the transaction at the end of the reporting period can be measured reliably; and 

iv. 
 The
 costs incurred for the transaction and the costs to complete the transaction can be measured reliably. 

b. 
 Interest
 income 

Interest
 is recognized on receipt basis. 

29 

Cost
 of revenues 

Cost
of revenue includes the purchase cost of retail goods for re-sale to customers and packing materials (such as boxes). It excludes purchasing
and receiving costs, inspection costs, warehousing costs, internal transfer costs and other costs of distribution network in cost of
revenues. 

Shipping
 and handling fees 

Shipping
and handling fees, if billed to customers, are included in revenue. Shipping and handling fees associated with inbound and outbound freight
are expensed as incurred and included in selling and distribution expenses. 

Comprehensive
 income 

ASC
Topic 220, Comprehensive Income establishes standards for reporting and display of comprehensive income, its components
and accumulated balances. Comprehensive income as defined includes all changes in equity during a period from non-owner sources. Accumulated
other comprehensive income, as presented in the accompanying statements of stockholders equity consists of changes in unrealized
gains and losses on foreign currency translation and cumulative net change in the fair value of available-for-sale investments held at
the balance sheet date. This comprehensive income is not included in the computation of income tax expense or benefit. 

Income
 tax expense 

Income
taxes are determined in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes ASC Topic 740 ).
Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between
the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are measured using enacted income tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are
expected to be recovered or settled. Any effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income
in the period that includes the enactment date. 

ASC
740 prescribes a comprehensive model for how companies should recognize, measure, present, and disclosed in their financial statements
uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a tax return. Under ASC 740, tax positions must initially be recognized in the
financial statements when it is more likely than not the position will be sustained upon examination by the tax authorities. Such tax
positions must initially and subsequently be measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of
being realized upon ultimate settlement with the tax authority assuming full knowledge of the position and relevant facts. 

The
Company conducts major businesses in Malaysia and is subject to tax in their own jurisdictions. As a result of its business activities,
the Company will file separate tax returns that are subject to examination by the foreign tax authorities. 

30 

Foreign
 currencies translation 

Transactions
denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rates prevailing
at the dates of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated
into the functional currency using the applicable exchange rates at the balance sheet dates. The resulting exchange differences are recorded
in the statement of operations. 

The
functional currency of the Company is the United States Dollars US and the accompanying financial statements have been
expressed in US . In addition, the Company maintains its books and record in a local currency, Malaysian Ringgit MYR or
 RM ), which is functional currency as being the primary currency of the economic environment in which the entity operates. 

In
general, for consolidation purposes, assets and liabilities of its subsidiaries whose functional currency is not US are translated into
US , in accordance with ASC Topic 830-30, Translation of Financial Statement , using the exchange rate on the balance
sheet date. Revenues and expenses are translated at average rates prevailing during the period. The gains and losses resulting from translation
of financial statements of foreign subsidiary are recorded as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income. 

Translation
of amounts from the local currency of the Company into US 1 has been made at the following exchange rates for the respective years: 

As
 of and for the year ended December 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Year-end
 MYR: US 1 exchange rate 
 4.0130 
 4.0925 
 
 Yearly
 average MYR: US 1 exchange rate 
 4.2016 
 4.1427 
 
 Year-end
 US 1: RMB exchange rate 
 0.1533 
 0.1436 
 
 Yearly
 average US 1: RMB exchange rate 
 0.1450 
 0.1448 

Related
 parties 

Parties,
which can be a corporation or individual, are considered to be related if the Company has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control
the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and operating decisions. Companies are also
considered to be related if they are subject to common control or common significant influence. 

31 

Fair
 value of financial instruments 

The
carrying value of the Company s financial instruments: cash and cash equivalents, trade receivable, deposits and other receivables,
amount due to related parties and other payables approximate at their fair values because of the short-term nature of these financial
instruments. 

The
Company also follows the guidance of the ASC Topic 820-10, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ASC 820-10 ),
with respect to financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value. ASC 820-10 establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy
that prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: 

Level
 1 : Observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets; 

Level
 2 : Inputs, other than the quoted prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly; and 

Level
 3 : Unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data, which require the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions

As
of Dec 31, 2019, and 2018, the Company did not have any non financial assets and liabilities that are recognized or disclosed at fair
value in the financial statements, at least annually, on a recurring basis, nor did the Company have any assets or liabilities measured
at fair value on a non-recurring basis. 

Recent
 accounting pronouncements 

Management
has considered all recent accounting pronouncements issued since the last audit of our financial statements. The Company s management
believes that these recent pronouncements will not have a material effect on the Company s financial statements. 

Other
recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB, including its Emerging Issue Task Force, the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants, and the Securities and Exchange Commission did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company s
present or future financial statements. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not
applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

Our
financial statements are contained in pages F-1 through F-17, which appear at the end of this Form 10-K Annual Report. 

32 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None . 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

In
connection with the preparation of this annual report, an evaluation was carried out by the Company s management, with the participation
of the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act Exchange Act as of December 31, 2020.
Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and
forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the principal executive officer and the principal
financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

Based
on that evaluation, the Company s management concluded, as of the end of the period covered by this report, that the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures were not effective in recording, processing, summarizing, and reporting information required to be
disclosed, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms, and that such information was not accumulated
and communicated to management, including the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosures. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

The
management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s
internal control over financial reporting is a process, under the supervision of the principal executive officer and the principal financial
officer, designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). Internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company s
 assets; 

Provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of the financial statements in accordance
 with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
 of management and the board of directors; and 

Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s
 assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

33 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

The
Company s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2020, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (2013) as set forth in its Internal Control - Integrated Framework. This assessment identified material weaknesses
in internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a control deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies in internal
control over financial reporting that creates a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement in annual or interim financial statements
will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Since the assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting did identify a material weakness, management considers its internal control over financial reporting to be ineffective. 

Management
has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting had the following material deficiencies: 

We
 were unable to maintain segregation of duties within our business operations due to our reliance on a single individual fulfilling
 the role of sole officer and director. 

Lack
 of a functioning audit committee due to a lack of a majority of independent members and a lack of a majority of outside directors
 on our Board of Directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal control and
 procedures. 

These
control deficiencies to our 2020 interim or annual financial statements could have resulted in a material misstatement that might have
been prevented or detected by a segregation of duties. Accordingly, we have determined that this control deficiency constitutes a material
weakness. 

To
the extent reasonably possible, given our limited resources, our goal is, upon consummation of a merger with a private operating company,
to separate the responsibilities of principal executive officer and principal financial officer, intending to rely on two or more individuals.
We will also seek to expand our current board of directors to include additional individuals willing to perform directorial functions.
Since the recited remedial actions will require that we hire or engage additional personnel, this material weakness may not be overcome
in the near term due to our limited financial resources. Until such remedial actions can be realized, we will continue to rely on the
advice of outside professionals and consultants. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding our internal controls over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to Section 404(c)
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act that permit us to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

34 

Changes
in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

During
the year ended December 31, 2020, other than the change in ownership, there has been no change in internal control over financial reporting
that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

The
following table sets forth the name, age, and position of sole executive officer and director. Executive officers are elected annually
by our Board of Directors. Each executive officer holds his office until he resigns, is removed by the Board, or his successor is elected
and qualified. Directors are elected annually by our stockholders at the annual meeting. Each director holds his office until his successor
is elected and qualified or his earlier resignation or removal. 

NAME 
 
 AGE 
 
 POSITION 
 
 Chong
 Khooi You 
 
 47 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Financial (Accounting) Officer, President and Secretary and Director 

Chong
Khooi You . Mr. Chong has been engaged in the healthcare industry for over 20 years. Since 1990, he has been involved in the healthcare
industry working independently as a consultant for many network marketing companies. His responsibilities primarily focus on building
the right business partnerships globally, implementing business plans for product development and communicating on behalf of the company
to shareholders, employees, government authorities, other stakeholders and the public. 

In
2015, Mr. Chong was awarded with the ASEAN Outstanding Business Award for his contribution to the health care industry market. 

Mr.
Chong s experience in corporate management and business development has led the Board of directors to reach the conclusion that
he should serve as President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Company. 

Family
Relationships 

Except
as stated herein above, there are no family relationships among our directors or officers. 

35 

Involvement
in Legal Proceedings 

To
the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers, during the past ten years, has been convicted in a criminal proceeding,
excluding traffic violations or similar misdemeanors, or has been a party to any judicial or administrative proceeding during the past
five years that resulted in a judgment, decree or final order enjoining the person from future violations of, or prohibiting activities
subject to, federal or state securities laws, or a finding of any violation of federal or state securities laws, except for matters that
were dismissed without sanction or settlement. Except as set forth in our discussion below in Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, none of our directors, director nominees or executive officers has been involved in any transactions with us or
any of our directors, executive officers, affiliates or associates which are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Director
Independence 

Our
Board of Directors is currently composed of one member, who does not qualify as an independent director in accordance with the published
listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market (the Company has no plans to list on the NASDAQ Global Market). The NASDAQ independence
definition includes a series of objective tests, such as that the directors are not, and have not been for at least three years, one
of our employees and that neither the Director, nor any of their family members have engaged in various types of business dealings with
us. In addition, our board of directors has not made a subjective determination as to our director that no relationship exist which,
in the opinion of our board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities
of a director, though such subjective determination is required by the NASDAQ rules. Had our board of directors made these determinations,
our board of directors would have reviewed and discussed information provided by our director and us with regard to our director s
business and personal activities and relationships as they may relate to us and our management. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
currently do not have a code of ethics that applies to our officers, employees and directors, including our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer; however, we intend to adopt one in the near future. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

Since
we do not have an audit or compensation committee comprised of independent directors, the functions that would have been performed by
such committees are performed by our directors. The Board of Directors has not established an audit committee and does not have an audit
committee financial expert, nor has the Board established a nominating committee. The Board is of the opinion that such committees are
not necessary since the Company is an early stage company, and to date, such directors have been performing the functions of such committees.
Thus, there is a potential conflict of interest in that our sole director and officer has the authority to determine issues concerning
management compensation, nominations, and audit issues that may affect management decisions. 

36 

In
addition, our officer has committed to spend a sufficient amount of time and attention to the affairs of the Company to fulfill their
respective officer responsibilities. In this regard, generally, our officer spends between 15 to 40 hours per week on the affairs of
the Company, depending on the circumstances. Therefore, we may face conflicts of interest between the time and attention our officer
devotes to the Company and that of his other business interests. 

Other
than as described above, we are not aware of any other conflicts of interest of our executive officer and director. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

There
are no legal proceedings that have occurred since our incorporation concerning our Director, or control persons which involved a criminal
conviction, a criminal proceeding, an administrative or civil proceeding limiting one s participation in the securities or banking
industries, or a finding of securities or commodities law violations. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

Summary
Executive Compensation Table 

The
following table reflects the Summary Compensation for our named executive officer for fiscal years ended December 31, 2020, and 2019,
respectively. For such periods, there were no bonus, non-equity plan compensation, nonqualified compensation earnings or other compensation
other than as stated below for the named executive officer. Further, we have not entered into an employment agreement with our officer,
director or any other persons and no such agreements are anticipated in the immediate future. 

Stock 
 Other 

Award 
 Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Name
 and Position 
 Year 
 Salary 

Chong
 Khooi You 
 2019 
 75,000 
 0 
 0 
 75,000 
 
 Sole
 Officer 
 2020 
 78,750 
 0 
 0 
 78,750 

(1).
Mr. You received a bonus of 9,375 and allowance of 350 for fiscal year 2020. 

Employment
Agreements 

The
Company does not have any employment or other compensation agreement with its executive officer. Moreover, there are no agreements or
understandings for our executive officer or director to resign at the request of another person and no officer or director is acting
on behalf of nor will any of them act at the direction of any other person. 

Grants
of Plan-Based Awards 

Except
as stated above, no plan-based awards were granted to any of our named executive officer during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. 

37 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Interim Fiscal Year End 

The
equity awards reflected in the Summary Compensation Table above represents all restricted stock awards issued to our
executive officer at December 31, 2019. No other stock or stock option awards were granted to any other officer of the Company as at
December 31, 2020. 

Option
Exercises and Stock Vested 

No
option to purchase our capital stock was exercised by any of our named executive officer, nor was any restricted stock held by such executive
officer vested during the fiscal period ended December 31, 2020. 

Pension
Benefits 

No
named executive officer received or held pension benefits during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

Security
Ownership Of Certain Beneficial Owners And Management 

The
following table sets forth certain information, as of the date hereof, with respect to the beneficial ownership of the outstanding common
stock by (i) any holder of more than five percent (5 ); (ii) our executive officer and director; and (iii) our director and executive
officer as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, each of the stockholders listed below has sole voting and investment power over the
shares beneficially owned. The information is based on 362,905,561 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of this date. 

Name
 and Address of 
 Amount
 and Nature of 
 Percent
 of 
 
 Beneficial
 Owner 
 Beneficial
 Ownership (1) 
 Class 
 
 Officers
 and Directors 

Chong
 Khooi You Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial (Accounting Officer), President And Secretary. 
 280,100,000 
 77.18 
 
 All
 officers and directors as a group (1 person) 
 280,100,000 
 77.18 
 
 5 
 or greater shareholders 

Harmony
 HealthLifeStyle (HHL) Global Sdn Bhd 
 35,000,000 
 9.64 

(1)
Beneficial Ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect
to securities. Each of the beneficial owners listed above has ownership of and voting power and investment power with respect to our
Common stock or Preferred Shares. For each beneficial owner above, any options exercisable within 60 days have been included in the denominator. 

 (2)
The natural person who has voting or investment control over the shares held by Harmony HealthLifeStyle (HHL) Global Sdn. Bhd. is Liew
Kit Seng. The address of the shareholder is No. 26, Jalan Desa Mewah 12, Taman Desa Mewah, 43500 Semenyih, Selangor, Malaysia. 

38 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

On
April 13, 2017, Chong Khooi You was appointed as President, Secretary, Treasurer, Chief Executive Officer, and a member of our Board
of Directors. Additionally, on April 13, 2017, the Company issued 100,000 shares of restricted common stock, each with a par value of
 0.0001 per share, to Mr. Chong Khooi You for initial working capital of 10. 

On
July 10, 2017, the Company acquired 100 of the equity interests of Bioplus Life Corp., a company incorporated in Labuan, Malaysia. Bioplus
Life Corp, a Malaysian Company, was, previous to our acquisition of it, owned and controlled by Chong Khooi You, who is currently our
sole officer and director. The consideration paid to Mr. Chong Khooi You in exchange for the equity interests of Bioplus Life Corp, a
Malaysian Company, was 100. 

On
July 19, 2017, the Company through its subsidiary in Labuan, Bioplus Life Corp., acquired 100 of the equity interests of Bioplus Life
International Holdings Ltd, a company incorporated in Hong Kong. Previous to the aforementioned acquisition, Bioplus Life International
Holdings Ltd. was owned and controlled by Mr. Lee Chong Kuang. Total consideration exchanged per the aforementioned acquisition was 0.13. 

On
July 20, 2017, the Company issued 280,000,000 shares of restricted common stock to Mr. Chong Khooi You, each with a par value of 0.0001
per share, for additional working capital of 28,000. 

On
August 17, 2017, the Company issued 35,000,000 and 17,500,000 shares of restricted common stock to Greenpro Asia Strategic SPC and respectively,
each with a par value of 0.0001 per share, for additional working capital of 5,250. On August 21, 2017, the Company issued 17,500,000
shares of restricted common stock to Bio Life Distribution Sdn Bhd, each with a par value of 0.0001 per share, for additional working
capital of 1,750. 

On
February 27, 2018 Bio Life Holdings Berhad, acquired 100 of the equity interests of Bio Life Neutraceuticals Sdn. Bhd., a company incorporated
in Malaysia. Prior to the acquisition, Bio Life Neutraceuticals Sdn. Bhd., a Malaysia Company, was owned and controlled by Mr. Chong
Khooi You and his spouse Datin Phang Lai. Total consideration exchanged per the aforementioned acquisition was 1,371,429. 

On
June 11, 2018, the Company through its subsidiary in Hong Kong, Bioplus Life International Holdings Ltd, acquired 99.8 equity interest
of Bio Life Holdings Berhad, a company incorporated in Malaysia. Prior to the acquisition, Bio Life Holdings Berhad, a company incorporated
in Malaysia, was owned and controlled (99.8 by Chong Khooi You. Total consideration exchanged per the aforementioned acquisition was
 0.25. 

39 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

JP
Centurion Partners PLT is the Company s current independent registered public accounting firm replacing Total Asia Associates
PLT on January 8, 2021. 

(1)
Audit Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for our audit
of annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in our quarterly reports or services that are normally provided
by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years were: 

2020 
 19,000 
 
 2019 
 19,000 

(2)
Audit-Related Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed in each of the last two fiscal years for assurance and related services by the principal accountants that are reasonably
related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported in the preceding paragraph: 

2020 
 15,000 
 
 2019 
 15,000 

(3)
Tax Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed in each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for tax compliance,
tax advice, and tax planning were: 

2020 
 0 
 
 2019 
 0 

(4)
All Other Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed in each of the last two fiscal years for the products and services provided by the principal accountant, other
than the services reported in paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) were: 

2020 
 0 
 
 2019 
 0 

The
percentage of hours expended on the principal accountant s engagement to audit our financial statements for the most recent fiscal
year that were attributed to work performed by persons other than the principal accountant s full time, permanent employees was
0 . 

Audit
Committee s Pre-Approval Process 

The
Board of Directors acts as the audit committee of the Company, and accordingly, all services are approved by all the members of the Board
of Directors. 

40 

PART
IV. 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1(a) 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of Registrant(1) 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of the Registrant(1) 

10.2 
 
 Banking Agreement with Maybank Islamic Berhad (1) (2) 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Company s Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Company s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002+ 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL
 INSTANCE DOCUMENT 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL
 TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL
 TAXONOMY CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL
 TAXONOMY DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL
 TAXONOMY LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL
 TAXONOMY PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT 

(1)
Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on June 28, 2019. 

 (2)
Exhibit 10.1 is a redacted copy of the original document. The document originally included personal information such as, but not limited
to, passport and personal identification numbers, which have been removed entirely from exhibit 10.1 and replaced with the phrase redacted 
in each instance. 

Filed herewith 

 +
In accordance with SEC Release 33-8238, Exhibits 32.1 is being furnished and not filed. 

41 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

BioPlus
 Life Corp. 

(Registrant)

/s/
 Chong Khooi You 

Chong
 Khooi You Dated: November 2, 2021 

Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

And
 Sole Director 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/
 Chong Khooi You 

Chong
 Khooi You Dated: November 2, 2021 

Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

And
 Sole Director 

42 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Bioplus Life Corp. 

No.
9 10, Jalan P4/8B 

 Bandar
Teknologi Kajang 

 43500
Semenyih 

 Selangor
D.E, Malaysia 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Bioplus Life Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2020 and the related
statements of income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended of December 31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended
December 31, 2020, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the Board of Directors (Those Charged with Governance) that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. We determined that there
are no critical matters. 

/s/
 JP CENTURION PARTNERS PLT 

JP
 CENTURION PARTNERS PLT 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

Kuala
 Lumpur, Malaysia 

November 2, 2021 

F- 1 

TOTAL
 ASIA ASSOCIATES PLT 
 (LLP0016837-LCA
 AF002128) 
 A
 Firm registered with US PCAOB and Malaysian MIA 
 
 C-3-1,
 Megan Avenue 1, 189 Off Jalan Tun Razak, 
 50400
 Kuala Lumpur. 
 Tel:
 (603) 2733 9989 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of BIOPLUS LIFE CORP. 

No
9 10, Jalan P4/8B 

 Bandar
Teknologi Kajang 

 43500
Semenyih 

 Selangor
D.E., Malaysia 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Bioplus Life Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, and
the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended
of December 31, 2019 and 2018, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2019 and
2018, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of two years in the year ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

The
financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial
statements, the Company s income from operations and no substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans regarding those matters also are described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

/s/
 Total Asia Associates PLT 

TOTAL
 ASIA ASSOCIATES PLT 

Kuala
 Lumpur, Malaysia 

March 27, 2020 

F- 2 

BIOPLUS
LIFE CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEET 

 (Amount
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

As of December 31, 

Note 
 2020 
 2019 

(Audited) 
 (Audited) 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and bank balances 
 
 398,974 
 210,740 
 
 Account receivables 
 
 552,616 
 308,688 
 
 Income tax receivables 
 
 - 
 7,675 
 
 Amount due from related parties 
 3 
 28,724 
 19,771 
 
 Amount due from directors 
 4 
 - 
 5,821 
 
 Inventories 
 5 
 374,330 
 303,954 
 
 Other receivables, deposits and prepayments 
 6 
 41,680 
 133,060 

Total current assets 
 
 1,396,324 
 989,709 

Non-current assets: 

Property, plant and equipment, net 
 7 
 2,331,335 
 2,217,247 
 
 Operating lease right of use assets, net 
 10 
 41,527 
 - 

Total non-current assets 
 
 2,372,862 
 2,217,247 

TOTAL ASSETS 
 
 3,769,186 
 3,206,956 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Account payables 
 
 364,324 
 48,298 
 
 Obligation under finance lease 
 8 
 33,817 
 33,343 
 
 Bank borrowings 
 9 
 54,567 
 195,027 
 
 Operating lease liability 
 10 
 5,399 
 - 
 
 Other payables and accrued liabilities 
 11 
 587,923 
 494,045 
 
 Provision for taxation 
 
 38,675 
 3,604 
 
 Amount due to directors 
 4 
 3,124 
 8,489 

Total current liabilities 
 
 1,087,829 
 782,806 

Non-current liabilities: 

Obligation under finance lease 
 8 
 81,981 
 92,133 
 
 Bank borrowings 
 9 
 561,195 
 553,144 
 
 Operating lease liability 
 10 
 36,128 
 - 
 
 Deferred taxation 
 
 20,657 
 42,631 

Total non-current liabilities 
 
 699,961 
 687,908 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 
 
 1,787,790 
 1,470,714 

Stockholders equity: 

Common stock, par value 0.0001: 362,905,561 and 359,305,561 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2020, and December 31, 2019, respectively 
 13 
 36,291 
 35,931 
 
 Additional paid up share capital 
 
 1,986,939 
 1,998,870 
 
 Accumulated loss 
 
 (2,356 
 (216,550 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 
 (39,478 
 (82,009 

Total stockholders equity 
 
 1,981,396 
 1,736,242 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 
 3,769,186 
 3,206,956 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

BIOPLUS
LIFE CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE PROFIT/ (LOSS) 

 (Amount
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Years ended December 31, 

Note 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Revenues, net 
 
 3,549,313 
 1,722,209 

Cost of revenues 
 
 (2,178,491 
 (914,739 

Gross profit 
 
 1,370,822 
 807,470 

Other income 
 15 
 18,663 
 21,143 

Operating expenses: 

General and operating expenses 
 
 (1,067,077 
 (855,274 
 
 Finance cost 
 
 (34,378 
 (33,242 

Total expenses 
 
 (1,101,455 
 (888,516 

Profit/(Loss) from operations 
 
 288,030 
 (59,903 
 
 Gain on disposal of subsidiary 
 
 28,912 
 - 

Profit/(Loss) before income tax 
 
 316,942 
 (59,903 

Income tax expense 
 12 
 (102,748 
 (33,289 

NET PROFIT/(LOSS) 
 
 214,194 
 (93,192 

Other comprehensive expense: 

- Foreign currency translation gain 
 
 42,531 
 32,702 

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) 
 
 256,725 
 (60,490 

Earnings/(loss) per share 
 
 0.0005 
 (0.0002 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding -Basic and diluted 
 
 362,610,479 
 359,305,561 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements . 

F- 4 

BIOPLUS
LIFE CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 (Amount
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Common
 stock 
 Additional
 paid up 
 
 Accumulated
 other 

Number
 of shares 
 Amount 
 share
 capital 
 Accumulated
 loss 
 comprehensive
 loss 
 Total
 equity 
 
 Balance
 as of January 1, 2019 
 359,305,561 
 35,931 
 1,998,870 
 (123,358 
 (114,711 
 1,796,732 
 
 Net
 loss for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (93,192 
 - 
 (93,192 
 
 Foreign
 currency translation gain 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 32,702 
 32,702 
 
 Balance
 as of December 31, 2019 
 359,305,561 
 35,931 
 1,998,870 
 (216,550 
 (82,009 
 1,736,242 
 
 Common
 stock issued 
 3,600,000 
 360 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 360 
 
 Transaction
 with owners 
 - 
 - 
 (11,931 
 - 
 - 
 (11,931 
 
 Net
 profit for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 214,194 
 - 
 214,194 
 
 Foreign
 currency translation gain 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 42,531 
 42,531 
 
 Balance
 as of December 31, 2020 
 362,905,561 
 36,291 
 1,986,939 
 (2,356 
 (39,478 
 1,981,396 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

BIOPLUS
LIFE CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (Amount
expressed in United States Dollars US )) 

Years
 ended December 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Cash
 flows from operating activities: 

Net
 profit/(loss) 
 214,194 
 (93,192 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net profit/(loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation
 of property, plant and equipment 
 129,443 
 107,216 
 
 Amortisation
 of right of use assets 
 2,068 
 - 
 
 Bad
 debt written off 
 6,307 
 - 
 
 Gain
 on disposal of subsidiary 
 (28,912 
 - 
 
 Interest
 expenses 
 34,378 
 33,242 
 
 Operating
 profit before working capital changes 
 357,478 
 47,266 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Inventories 
 (64,355 
 139,643 
 
 Account
 receivables 
 (234,721 
 55,262 
 
 Other
 receivables, deposits and prepayments 
 93,185 
 (77,716 
 
 Amount
 due from related parties 
 (8,561 
 (59,778 
 
 Amount
 due from directors 
 (1,858 
 (2,527 
 
 Account
 payable 
 315,069 
 (142,669 
 
 Other
 payables and accrued liabilities 
 88,698 
 (82,825 
 
 Provision
 for taxation 
 22,620 
 (23,501 
 
 Change
 in lease liabilities 
 (2,975 
 - 
 
 Net
 Cash generated from/(used in) operating activities 
 564,580 
 (146,845 

Cash
 flows from investing activities: 

Proceed
 from disposal of subsidiary 
 17,504 
 - 
 
 Purchase
 of property, plant and equipment 
 (206,458 
 (58,557 
 
 Net
 cash used in investing activities 
 (188,954 
 (58,557 

Cash
 flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds
 from issued shares 
 360 
 - 
 
 Proceeds
 from elimination of investment 
 (11,931 
 - 
 
 Interest
 expenses 
 (33,471 
 (33,242 
 
 Share
 subscription receipts 
 - 
 104,000 
 
 Repayment
 of term loan borrowing 
 (2,907 
 (21,743 
 
 Repayment
 of finance lease 
 (12,164 
 (28,193 
 
 Net
 cash (used in)/generated from financing activities 
 (60,113 
 20,822 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustment 
 14,241 
 (1,754 

NET
 CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
 315,513 
 (186,334 

CASH
 AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF FINANCIAL YEAR 
 69,220 
 255,554 

CASH
 AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF FINANCIAL YEAR 
 398,974 
 69,220 

CASH
 AND CASH EQUIVALENTS INFORMATION: 

Cash
 and bank balance 
 398,974 
 210,740 
 
 Bank
 overdraft 
 - 
 (141,520 
 
 Cash
 and cash equivalents, end of financial year 
 398,974 
 69,220 

SUPPLEMENTAL
 CASH FLOWS INFORMATION 

Income
 tax paid 
 (80,128 
 (58,533 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

BIOPLUS
LIFE CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 

 DECEMBER
31, 2020 

NOTE
1 ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS BACKGROUND 

Bioplus
Life Corp., a Nevada corporation the Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on April 13, 2017.
For purposes of financial statements presentation, Bioplus Life Corp. and its subsidiaries are herein referred to as the Company 
or We . 

We
have historically conducted our business through Bio Life Neutraceuticals Sdn Bhd, a private limited liability company, incorporated
in Malaysia. Bioplus Life Corp. (US), incorporated in United State of Nevada, is an investment holding company with 100 equity interest
in Bioplus Life Corp. (Labuan), a company incorporated in Labuan, which subsequent hold 100 equity interest in Bioplus Life International
Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in Hong Kong, which subsequent hold 99.8 equity interest in Bio Life Holdings Berhad, a company
incorporated in Malaysia, which subsequent hold 100 equity interest in Bio Life Neutraceuticals Sdn Bhd. On December 31, 2017, Bioplus
Life Corp was organized to be holding company parent to, and succeed to the operations of, Bioplus Life Corp. (Labuan), Bioplus Life
International Holdings Ltd, Bio Life Holdings Berhad and Bio Life Neutraceuticals Sdn Bhd. 

During
the financial year, the group disposed off and de-registered its subsidiaries namely Bioplus Life International Holdings Ltd. and Bio
Life Neutraceuticals (Shenzhen) Pty Ltd. on August 5, 2020 and September 4, 2020, respectively. 

The
Company, through its subsidiaries mainly an investment holding and supplies high quality health products. Details of the Company s
subsidiaries: 

No 
 Company Name 
 Place/Date of Incorporation 
 Particulars of Issued Capital 
 Principal Activities 
 
 1 
 Bioplus Life Corp. (Labuan) 
 Malaysia, Labuan May 19, 2017 
 100 shares of ordinary shares of US 1 each 
 Investment Holding 
 
 2 
 Bioplus Life International Holdings Ltd. (1) 
 Hong Kong June 20, 2017 
 1 shares of ordinary shares of HK 1 each 
 Investment Holding 
 
 3 
 Bio Life Holdings Berhad 
 Malaysia May 19, 2016 
 107,992 shares of ordinary shares of RM1 each 
 Investment Holding 
 
 4 
 Bio Life Neutraceuticals Sdn Bhd 
 Malaysia, Selangor August 27, 2009 
 5,456,207 shares of ordinary shares of RM1 each 
 Trading of Consumer Products 
 
 5 
 Bio Life Neutraceuticals (Shenzhen) Pty Ltd. (2) 
 Shenzhen October 10, 2017 
 500,000 shares of ordinary shares of RMB1 each 
 Trading of Healthy Supplement and Cosmetic Products 

(1)
Bioplus Life International Holdings Ltd. was officially disposed off by the Group on August 5, 2020 at a consideration of USD 17,504.
The restructuring results in gain on disposal of subsidiary as disclosed in Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income/(Loss). 

(2)
Bio Life Neutraceuticals (Shenzhen) Pty Ltd. was being officially de-registered in Shenzhen on September 4, 2020. 

F- 7 

2. 
 SUMMARY
 OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Basis
 of presentation 

These
accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
of America US GAAP ). 

Basis
 of consolidation 

In
this Annual Report, the Company, us or we refer to the consolidated entity, including
its subsidiaries and affiliates. The terms refer only to the publicly held holding company, The Bioplus Life Corporation, excluding its
subsidiaries and affiliates. Furthermore, in which the Company has a variable interest have been consolidated where the Company is the
primary beneficiary. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Use
 of estimates 

In
preparing these financial statements, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
in the balance sheets and revenues and expenses during the years reported. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Cash
and cash equivalents represent cash on hand, demand deposits placed with banks or other financial institutions and all highly liquid
investments with an original maturity of three months or less as of the purchase date of such investments. 

Property,
 plant and equipment 

Property
and plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any. Depreciation is calculated
on the straight-line basis to write off the cost over the following expected useful lives of the assets concerned. The principal annual
rates used are as follows: 

Categories 
 
 Principal
 Annual Rates/Expected Useful Life 
 
 Computer
 hardware 
 
 20 
 
 Furniture
 and fittings 
 
 10 
 
 Handphone 
 
 20 
 
 Landscape 
 
 20 
 
 Leasehold
 land and building 
 
 99
 years 
 
 Machinery 
 
 10 
 
 Motor
 vehicle 
 
 20 
 
 Office
 equipment 
 
 10 
 
 Renovation 
 
 20 
 
 Signboard 
 
 10 
 
 Tools
 and equipment 
 
 10 
 
 Kitchen
 utensils 
 
 10 

Fully
depreciated plant and equipment are retained in the financial statements until they are no longer in use. 

Inventories 

Inventories
consisting of products available for sell, are stated at the lower of cost or market value. Cost of inventory is determined using the
first-in, first-out (FIFO) method. Inventory reserve is recorded to write down the cost of inventory to the estimated market value due
to slow-moving merchandise and damaged goods, which is dependent upon factors such as historical and forecasted consumer demand, and
promotional environment. The Company takes ownership, risks and rewards of the products purchased. Write downs are recorded in cost of
revenues in the Condensed Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. 

Revenue
 recognition 

Revenues
are recognized when control of the promised goods or services are transferred to a customer, in an amount that reflects the consideration
that the Company expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. The Company applies the following five steps in order to
determine the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized as it fulfills its obligations under each of its agreements: 

F- 8 

Revenue
 recognition (continued) 

identify
 the contract with a customer; 

identify
 the performance obligations in the contract; 

determine
 the transaction price; 

allocate
 the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract; and 

recognize
 revenue as the performance obligation is satisfied. 

Cost
 of revenues 

Cost
of revenue includes the purchase cost of retail goods for re-sale to customers and packing materials (such as boxes). It excludes purchasing
and receiving costs, inspection costs, warehousing costs, internal transfer costs and other costs of distribution network in cost of
revenues. 

Shipping
 and handling fees 

Shipping
and handling fees, if billed to customers, are included in revenue. Shipping and handling fees associated with inbound and outbound freight
are expensed as incurred and included in selling and distribution expenses. 

Comprehensive
 income 

ASC
Topic 220, Comprehensive Income establishes standards for reporting and display of comprehensive income, its components
and accumulated balances. Comprehensive income as defined includes all changes in equity during a period from non-owner sources. Accumulated
other comprehensive income, as presented in the accompanying statements of stockholders equity consists of changes in unrealized
gains and losses on foreign currency translation and cumulative net change in the fair value of available-for-sale investments held at
the balance sheet date. This comprehensive income is not included in the computation of income tax expense or benefit. 

Income
 tax expense 

Income
taxes are determined in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes ASC Topic 740 ).
Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between
the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are measured using enacted income tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are
expected to be recovered or settled. Any effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income
in the period that includes the enactment date. 

ASC
740 prescribes a comprehensive model for how companies should recognize, measure, present, and disclosed in their financial statements
uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a tax return. Under ASC 740, tax positions must initially be recognized in the
financial statements when it is more likely than not the position will be sustained upon examination by the tax authorities. Such tax
positions must initially and subsequently be measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of
being realized upon ultimate settlement with the tax authority assuming full knowledge of the position and relevant facts. 

The
Company conducts major businesses in Malaysia and is subject to tax in their own jurisdictions. As a result of its business activities,
the Company will file separate tax returns that are subject to examination by the foreign tax authorities. 

Foreign
 currencies translation 

Transactions
denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rates prevailing
at the dates of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated
into the functional currency using the applicable exchange rates at the balance sheet dates. The resulting exchange differences are recorded
in the statement of operations. 

The
functional currency of the Company is the United States Dollars US and the accompanying financial statements have been
expressed in US . In addition, the subsidiaries maintain its books and records in a local currency, Malaysian Ringgit MYR 
or RM ), Hong Kong Dollars HKD and Renminbi RMB ), which are functional currencies as being
the primary currencies of the economic environment in which respective entity operates. 

In
general, for consolidation purposes, assets and liabilities of its subsidiaries whose functional currency is not US are translated into
US , in accordance with ASC Topic 830-30, Translation of Financial Statement , using the exchange rate on the balance
sheet date. Revenues and expenses are translated at average rates prevailing during the period. The gains and losses resulting from translation
of financial statements of foreign subsidiary are recorded as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income. 

F- 9 

Foreign
 currencies translation (continued) 

Translation
of amounts from the local currency of the Company into US 1 has been made at the following exchange rates for the respective years: 

As
 of and for the year ended December 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Year-end
 MYR : US 1 exchange rate 
 4.0130 
 4.0925 
 
 Yearly
 average MYR : US 1 exchange rate 
 4.2016 
 4.1427 
 
 Year-end
 US 1 : RMB exchange rate 
 0.1533 
 0.1436 
 
 Yearly
 average US 1 : RMB exchange rate 
 0.1450 
 0.1448 

Related
 parties 

Parties,
which can be a corporation or individual, are considered to be related if the Company has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control
the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and operating decisions. Companies are also
considered to be related if they are subject to common control or common significant influence. 

Fair
 value of financial instruments 

The
carrying value of the Company s financial instruments: cash and cash equivalents, trade receivable, deposits and other receivables,
amount due to related parties and other payables approximate at their fair values because of the short-term nature of these financial
instruments. 

The
Company also follows the guidance of the ASC Topic 820-10, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ASC 820-10 ),
with respect to financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value. ASC 820-10 establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy
that prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: 

Level
 1 : Observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets; 

Level
 2 : Inputs, other than the quoted prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly; and 

Level
 3 : Unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data, which require the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions 

As
of December 31, 2020, and December 31, 2019, the Company did not have any non financial assets and liabilities that are recognized or
disclosed at fair value in the financial statements, at least annually, on a recurring basis, nor did the Company have any assets or
liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. 

Recent
 accounting pronouncements 

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), to increase transparency and comparability among organizations
by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. Most
prominent among the amendments is the recognition of assets and liabilities by lessees for those leases classified as operating leases
under current U.S. GAAP. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within
those fiscal years. As required by the standard, the Company adopted the provisions of the new standard effective January 1, 2020, using
the required modified retrospective approach. The adoption does not have a material impact on our financial statements. 

In
September 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments (Topic 326), which replaces the incurred-loss
impairment methodology and requires immediate recognition of estimated credit losses expected to occur for most financial assets, including
trade receivables. Credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized losses will be recognized as allowances for credit
losses limited to the amount by which fair value is below amortized cost. ASU 2016-13 is effective for the Company beginning January
1, 2020 and early adoption is permitted. The adoption does not have a material impact on. 

Other
recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB, including its Emerging Issues Task Force, the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants, and the Securities and Exchange Commission did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company s
present or future financial statements. 

F- 10 

3. 
 AMOUNT
 DUE FROM RELATED PARTIES 

The
amounts are unsecured, bear no interest and are payable on demand. 

4. 
 AMOUNT
 DUE FROM/(TO) DIRECTORS 

The
amounts are unsecured, bear no interest and are payable on demand. 

5. 
 INVENTORIES 

As
 of December 31, 

2020 
 2019 

Raw
 materials 
 239,057 
 186,254 
 
 Packing
 materials 
 85,562 
 83,482 
 
 Finished
 goods 
 49,711 
 34,218 
 
 Total
 inventories 
 374,330 
 303,954 

6. 
 OTHER
 RECEIVABLES, DEPOSITS AND PREPAYMENTS 

As of December 31, 

2020 
 2019 

Other receivables 
 
 22,950 
 9,981 
 
 Deposits 
 6.1 
 8,041 
 63,308 
 
 Prepayments 
 6.2 
 10,689 
 59,771 

41,680 
 133,060 

6.1 
 Included in deposits is an amount of 1,557 (2019: 48,371)
representing deposits paid for rental of hostels and various utilities. 

6.2 
 Included in prepayments is an amount of NIL (2019: 58,705)
representing advanced payments made to suppliers for purchase of manufacturing materials. 

7. 
 PROPERTY,
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET 

Property,
plant and equipment consisted of the following: 

As
 of December 31, 

2020 
 2019 

Computer
 hardware 
 42,430 
 32,814 
 
 Furniture
 and fittings 
 117,343 
 106,945 
 
 Handphone 
 5,070 
 3,514 
 
 Landscape 
 3,691 
 3,475 
 
 Leasehold
 land and building 
 1,875,962 
 1,872,476 
 
 Machinery 
 206,544 
 119,413 
 
 Motor
 vehicle 
 243,630 
 243,630 
 
 Office
 equipment 
 60,011 
 52,725 
 
 Renovation 
 159,013 
 92,646 
 
 Signboard 
 5,470 
 4,648 
 
 Tools
 and equipment 
 15,794 
 4,348 
 
 Kitchen
 utensils 
 2,004 
 - 

2,736,962 
 2,536,634 
 
 (Less):
 Accumulated depreciation 
 (448,829 
 (318,652 
 
 Add/(Less):
 Foreign translation difference 
 43,202 
 (735 
 
 Property,
 plant and equipment, net 
 2,331,335 
 2,217,247 

Depreciation
expense for the year ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 were 129,443 and 107,216, respectively. 

As
of December 31, 2020, and December 31, 2019 the motor vehicles under finance leases with carrying value of 85,974 and 129,925,
respectively. 

The
leasehold land and building with carrying amount of 1,817,013 (2019: 1,797,002) have been charged to licensed bank to secure banking
facilities granted to the Company. 

F- 11 

8. 
 OBLIGATION
 UNDER FINANCE LEASE 

The
Company purchased motor vehicles under finance lease agreements with the effective interest rate of 4.40 - 5.28 per annum (2019: 4.40 
- 5.28 per annum), with principal and interest payable monthly. The obligation under the finance leases are as follows: 

As
 of December 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Present
 value of finance liabilities: 

Not
 later than one year 
 33,817 
 33,343 
 
 Later
 than one year but not later than two years 
 35,535 
 32,496 
 
 Later
 than two years but not later than five years 
 46,446 
 59,637 

115,798 
 125,476 

Analyzed
 as: 

Current
 portion 
 33,817 
 33,343 
 
 Non-current
 portion 
 81,981 
 92,133 

115,798 
 125,476 

9. 
 BANK
 BORROWINGS 

As
 of December 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Secured:
 - 

Bank
 overdraft 
 - 
 141,520 
 
 Term
 loan 
 615,762 
 606,651 

615,762 
 748,171 

Analyzed
 as: 

Current
 portion 
 54,567 
 195,027 
 
 Non-current
 portion 
 561,195 
 553,144 

615,762 
 748,171 

The
bank overdraft of the Company is secured by way of the following: 

a. 
 A
 Facilities Agreement for US 377,277; 

b. 
 Master
 Facility Agreement. 

c. 
 Joint
 and Several Guarantee to be executed by the subsidiary directors of Bio Life Neutraceuticals Sdn Bhd. 

Interested
charged on the bank overdraft is 4 (2019: 4 above the bank base lending rate per annum. 

The
term loan of the Company is secured by way of the following: 

a. 
 A
 Facilities Agreement for US 1,705,086; 

b. 
 Master
 Facility Agreement. 

c. 
 Joint
 and Several Guarantee to be executed by the subsidiary directors of Bio Life Neutraceuticals Sdn Bhd. 

d. 
 Leasehold
 land and building of the subsidiary (Note 7) 

The
term loan is payable by 240 monthly installments of US 4,492 each including interest, commencing from October 10, 2016 and subject to
interest at Base Financing Rate + 4 per annum or 10 per annum, whichever is higher. 

F- 12 

10. 
 LEASE
 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSET AND LEASE LIABILITIES 

The
Company officially adopted ASC 842 for the period on and after January 1, 2020 as permitted by ASU 2016-02. ASC 842 originally required
all entities to use a modified retrospective transition approach that is intended to maximize comparability and be less
complex than a full retrospective approach. On July 30, 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-11 to provide entities with relief from the costs
of implementing certain aspects of the new leasing standard, ASU 2016-02 of which permits entities may elect not to recast the comparative
periods presented when transitioning to ASC 842. As permitted by ASU 2018-11, the Company elect not to recast comparative periods, thusly. 

As
of August 7, 2020, the Company recognized approximately US 43,692, lease liability as well as right-of-use asset for all leases (with
the exception of short-term leases) at the commencement date. Initial lease liabilities are measured at present value of the sum of remaining
rental payments as of August 1, 2020, with discounted rate of 5.40 adopted from Malayan Banking (Maybank) Berhad s
base lending rate as a reference for discount rate, as this bank is the largest bank and national bank of Malaysia. 

A
single lease cost is recognized over the lease term on a generally straight-line basis. All cash payments of operating lease cost are
classified within operating activities in the statement of cash flows. 

The
initial recognition of operating lease right and lease liability as follow: 

Gross
 lease payable 
 
 - 
 
 Less:
 imputed interest 
 - 
 - 
 
 Initial
 recognition as of January 1, 2020 
 - 
 - 
 
 Additional
 lease during the year 
 43,692 
 - 
 
 Gross
 lease payable as of December 31, 2020 
 43,692 
 - 

As
 of December 31, 2020, operating lease right of use asset as follows: 

Gross
 lease payables as of January 1, 2020 
 - 
 - 
 
 Additional
 lease during the year 
 43,692 
 - 
 
 Amortisation
 for the year 
 (2,068 
 - 
 
 Foreign
 translation difference 
 (97 
 - 
 
 Balance
 as at December 31, 2020 
 41,527 
 - 

As
 of December 31, 2020, operating lease liabilities as follow: 

Gross
 lease as of January 1, 2020 
 - 
 - 
 
 Add:
 Additional lease during the year 
 43,692 
 - 
 
 Less:
 Gross repayment for the year ended December 31, 2020 
 (2,975 
 - 
 
 Add:
 Imputed interest for the year ended December 31, 2020 
 907 
 - 
 
 Foreign
 translation difference 
 (97 
 - 
 
 Balance
 as of December 31, 2020 
 41,527 
 - 
 
 Less:
 Lease liability current portion 
 (5,399 
 - 
 
 Lease
 liability non-current portion 
 36,128 
 - 

For
the year ended December 31, 2020, the amortisation of the operating lease right of use assets amounted 2,068. 

F- 13 

10. 
 LEASE
 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSET AND LEASE LIABILITIES (CONTINUED) 

Maturities
 of operating lease obligation as follow: 

Year
 ending 

December
 31, 2021 
 5,399 
 - 
 
 December
 31, 2022 
 5,698 
 - 
 
 December
 31, 2023 
 6,013 
 - 
 
 December
 31, 2024 
 6,346 
 - 
 
 December
 31, 2025 
 6,698 
 - 
 
 December
 31, 2026 
 7,067 
 - 
 
 December
 31, 2027 
 4,306 
 - 
 
 Total 
 41,527 
 - 

Cash
 paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: 

Operating
 cash flow to operating lease 
 2,975 
 - 
 
 Right-of-use
 assets obtained in exchange for operating lease 
 43,692 
 - 
 
 Remaining
 lease term for operating lease (years) 
 6.6 
 - 
 
 Weighted
 average discount rate for operating lease 
 5.40 
 - 

11. 
 OTHER
 PAYABLES AND ACCRUED LIABILITIES 

As
 of December 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Other
 payables generated from: 

Local 
 35,286 
 41,645 
 
 Foreign,
 representing: 

Malaysia 

Advance
 payment by payable 
 - 
 19,628 
 
 Common
 outstanding from non-trade payable 
 99,524 
 17,482 
 
 Common
 outstanding from third parties 
 911 
 1,004 

Common
 outstanding from third parties 
 - 
 861 

135,721 
 81,620 

Accrued
 other expenses 

Local 
 1,750 
 - 
 
 Foreign,
 representing: 

Malaysia 

Payroll 
 63,763 
 17,550 
 
 Payroll
 deduction 
 32,044 
 7,873 
 
 Professional
 Fee 
 3,243 
 11,499 
 
 Commission 
 5,137 
 43,563 
 
 Expenses 
 5,772 
 1,157 

109,960 
 81,642 

Deposit
 received from customers 
 230,493 
 226,783 

Share
 subscription receipts in advance 
 110,000 
 104,000 

587,923 
 494,045 

F- 14 

12. 
 INCOME
 TAXES 

As
 of December 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Tax
 jurisdictions from: 

Local 
 (129,862 
 (114,572 
 
 Foreign,
 representing: 

Malaysia 
 465,650 
 59,809 
 
 Hong
 Kong 
 (17,775 
 (2,014 
 
 China 
 (1,071 
 (3,126 
 
 Profit/(Loss)
 before income tax 
 316,942 
 (59,903 

The
provision for income taxes consisted of the following: 

As
 of December 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Tax
 expense - Current 

Foreign,
 representing: 

Malaysia 
 124,542 
 33,573 

Tax
 expense Prior year 

Foreign,
 representing: 

Malaysia 
 - 
 4,895 

Deferred 

Foreign,
 representing: 

Malaysia 
 (21,794 
 (5,179 

102,748 
 33,289 

The
effective tax rate in the periods presented is the result of the mix of income earned in various tax jurisdictions that apply a broad
range of income tax rates. The Company has subsidiaries that operate in various countries: United States, Hong Kong and Malaysia that
are subject to taxes in the jurisdictions in which they operate, as follows: 

United
States of America 

The
Company is registered in the State of Nevada and is subject to the tax laws of the United States of America. As of December 31, 2020,
the operations in the United States of America incurred 129,862 (2019: 114,572) of cumulative net operating losses which can be carried
forward to offset future taxable income. The net operating loss carry forwards begin to expire in 2040 (2019: 2039), if unutilized. The
Company has provided for a full valuation allowance of 27,271 (2019: 24,060) against the deferred tax assets on the expected future
tax benefits from the net operating loss carry forwards as the management believes it is more likely than not that these assets will
not be realized in the future. 

Malaysia 

Bio
Life Holdings Berhad BLHB and Bio Life Neutraceuticals Sdn Bhd BLNSB are subject to the Malaysia Corporate
Tax Laws at a tax rate of 24 on the assessable income for its tax year. A reconciliation of income (loss) before income taxes to the
effective tax rate as follows: 

As
 of December 31, 

2020 
 2019 

Profit
 before taxation 
 465,650 
 59,809 

Tax
 at applicable tax rate of 24 (2019: 24 
 111,756 
 14,354 
 
 Expenses
 not deductible for tax purposes 
 16,099 
 32,041 
 
 Under
 provision of current taxation in respect of prior year 
 - 
 (12,822 
 
 Over
 provision of deferred taxation in respect of prior year 
 (25,107 
 (5,179 

102,748 
 33,289 

F- 15 

12. 
 INCOME
 TAXES (CONTINUED) 

Hong
Kong 

Bioplus
Life International Holdings Ltd is subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax, which is charged at the statutory income tax rate of 16.5 on its
assessable income. During the financial year, the Group disposed off this subsidiary on August 5, 2020, hence it was consolidated up
to period then ended. 

China 

The
Company is registered in the Shen Zhen and is subject to the China Corporate Tax, which is charged at the statutory income tax rate of
25 on its assessable income. During the financial year, the Group de-registered this subsidiary on September 4, 2020, hence
it was consolidated up to period then ended. 

13. 
 STOCKHOLDERS 
 EQUITY 

As
of December 31, 2019, Bioplus Life Corp had an issued and outstanding share of common stock of 359,305,561. 

During
the financial year ended December 31, 2020, the Company issued additional 3,600,000 units of common stock representing 0.992 of enlarged
issued and outstanding common stock of the Company for working capital purposes. 

As
of December 31, 2020, Bioplus Life Corp had an issued and outstanding share of common stock of 362,905,561. 

14. 
 CONCENTRATION
 OF RISK 

(a)
Major Customers 

For
the year ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, the customers who accounted for 10 or more of the Company s revenues are presented
as follows: 

Revenues 
 Percentage of revenues 
 Account Receivable, Trade 

2020 
 2019 
 2020 
 2019 
 2020 
 2019 

Customer A 
 363,940 
 204,234 
 10 
 12 
 75,233 
 63,714 
 
 Customer B 
 - 
 236,147 
 - 
 14 
 - 
 83,299 
 
 Customer C 
 658,288 
 - 
 19 
 - 
 286,079 
 - 
 
 Customer D 
 938,216 
 - 
 26 
 - 
 - 
 - 

1,960,444 
 440,381 
 55 
 26 
 361,312 
 147,013 

(b)
Major Suppliers 

For
the year ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, the suppliers who accounted for 10 or more of the Company s purchases are presented
as follows: 

Purchases 
 Percentage of purchases 
 Account Payable, Trade 

2020 
 2019 
 2020 
 2019 
 2020 
 2019 

Supplier A 
 978,216 
 400,287 
 62 
 80 
 167,351 
 58,616 
 
 Supplier B 
 303,034 
 63,572 
 19 
 13 
 - 
 - 

1,281,250 
 463,859 
 81 
 93 
 167,351 
 58,616 

F- 16 

15. 
 OTHER
 INCOME 

As
 of December 31, 

2020 
 2019 

Interest
 income 
 - 
 21 
 
 Other
 income 
 7,153 
 62 
 
 Unrealized
 gain on foreign exchange 
 11,510 
 7,059 
 
 Gain
 on disposal of motor vehicle 
 - 
 14,001 

18,663 
 21,143 

16. 
 RELATED
 PARTIES TRANSACTIONS 

As
 of December 31, 

2020 
 2019 

Transactions
 with company in which a shareholder has substantial financial interest: 

Sales
 to: 

Bio
 Life Capital Sdn. Bhd. 
 - 
 - 

Purchases
 from: 

Bio
 Life Capital Sdn. Bhd. 
 - 
 - 

Choong
Kooi You, our sole officer and director and controlling shareholder is a director or controlling equity owner of the above company. 

17. 
 FOREIGN
 CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE 

The
Company cannot guarantee that the current exchange rate will remain stable, therefore there is a possibility that the Company could post
the same amount of income for two comparable periods and because of the fluctuating exchange rate post higher or lower income depending
on exchange rate converted into US at the end of the financial year. The exchange rate could fluctuate depending on changes in political
and economic environments without notice. 

18. 
 SUBSEQUENT
 EVENTS 

In
accordance with ASC Topic 855, Subsequent Events , which establishes general standards of accounting for and disclosure
of events that occur after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued, the Company has evaluated all events or
transactions that occurred after December 31, 2020 up through the date July 6, 2021 was the Company presented these audited
consolidated financial statements. During the period, the Company did not have any material recognizable subsequent events. 

19. 
 SIGNIFICANT
 EVENTS 

(i) During
 the fiscal year, the Company issued additional 3,600,000 units of common stock representing
 0.992 of enlarged issued and outstanding common stock of the Company. 

(ii) During
 the fiscal year, the World Health Organization (WHO) declared the Coronavirus (COVID-19)
 outbreak to be a pandemic, which has caused severe global social and economic disruptions
 and uncertainties, including markets where the Company operates. 

The
 Company considers this outbreak as non-adjusting-events. The consequences brought about by COVID-19 continue to evolve and whilst the
 Company actively monitoring and managing its operations to respond to these changes, the Company does not consider it practicable to
 provide any quantitative estimate on the potential impact it may have on the Company. 

F- 17 

<EX-21>
 2
 ex21.htm

Exhibit
21 

Ours
subsidiaries and corporate structure are depicted below: 

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

Certification
of the Company s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

 Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

 and
Securities and Exchange Commission Release 34-46427 

I,
Chong Khooi You , certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of BioPlus Life Corp.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this annual report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all
 material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for, the
 periods present in this annual report; 

4. 
 I
 am the registrant s sole certifying officer(s) and I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
 procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 As
 the registrant s sole certifying officer, I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 November 2, 2021 

/s/
 Chong Khooi You 

Chong
 Khooi You 
 President
 and CEO 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

Certification
of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

 Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to 

 Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of BioPlus Life Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2020
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Chong Khooi You, certify pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and
belief: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
November 2, 2021 

/s/
 Chong Khooi You 

Chong
 Khooi You 

President
 and CEO 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 15
 biopl-20201231.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 16
 biopl-20201231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 17
 biopl-20201231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 18
 biopl-20201231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 19
 biopl-20201231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 20
 biopl-20201231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

