<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211215_10-K_edgar_data_1500198_0001213900-21-065463.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6608089</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>468147</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1226739</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1656660</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1587070</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1483148</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-21-065463.hdr.sgml : 20211215
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211215163102
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-21-065463
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		84
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211215
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211215

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NEUROONE MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001500198
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				270863354
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40439
		FILM NUMBER:		211494547

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7599 ANAGRAM DR
		CITY:			EDEN PRAIRIE
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55344
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(952) 426-1383

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7599 ANAGRAM DR
		CITY:			EDEN PRAIRIE
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55344

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Original Source Entertainment, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100830

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-21-065463.txt : 20211215

10-K
 1
 f10k2021_neuroone.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, DC 20549 

Form

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ______ to ______ 

Commission file number

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer 
Identification No.) , 
 , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

952-426-1383 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 
No 

As of March 31, 2021, the last business day of
the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of shares of the registrant s common
stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant based upon the March 31, 2021 price at which the common equity was last sold was 82.5 
million. The number of outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock as of December 13, 2021 was . 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 
 
FORM 10-K 
 
FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 25 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 58 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 58 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 58 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 59 

PART II 
 60 
 
 ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 60 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 60 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 60 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 75 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 76 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 108 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 108 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 108 
 
 ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 108 

PART III 
 109 
 
 ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 109 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 114 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 120 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 122 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 123 

PART IV 
 124 
 
 ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 124 
 
 ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 127 

SIGNATURES 
 128 

i 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Unless the context requires otherwise, references
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report or Report to we, us, the
Company and our refer to NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation (the Company ). 

This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements
that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements are contained principally in the sections entitled Risk
Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Business, 
but are also contained elsewhere in this Annual Report. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the words may, 
 might, will, could, would, should, expect, intend, 
 plan, objective, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, 
 project, potential, target, seek, contemplate, continue 
and ongoing, or the negative of these terms, or other comparable terminology intended to identify statements about the future.
These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements to be materially different from the information expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
Although we believe that we have a reasonable basis for each forward-looking statement contained in this Annual Report, we caution you
that these statements are based on a combination of facts and factors currently known by us and our expectations of the future, about
which we cannot be certain. Forward-looking statements include statements about: 

the
timing of and our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory clearance of our cortical strip, grid and depth electrode technology; 

even
if our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology is approved for commercial sale, our ability to successfully commercialize
our technology in the United States; 

our
ability to achieve or sustain profitability; 

our
ability to raise additional capital and to fund our operations; 

the
availability of additional capital on acceptable terms or at all as or when needed; 

the
clinical utility of our cortical strip, grid and depth electrode including technology under development; 

our
ability to develop additional applications of our cortical strip, grid and depth electrode technology with the benefits we hope to offer
as compared to existing technology, or at all; 

the
results of our development and distribution relationship with Zimmer, Inc. Zimmer 

the
performance, productivity, reliability and regulatory compliance of our third party manufacturers of our cortical strip, grid electrode
and depth electrode technology; 

our
ability to develop future generations of our cortical strip, grid and depth electrode technology; 

our
future development priorities; 

the
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business; 

our
ability to obtain reimbursement coverage for our cortical strip, grid and depth electrode technology; 

ii 

our
expectations about the willingness of healthcare providers to recommend our cortical strip, grid and depth electrode technology to people
with epilepsy, Parkinson s disease, dystonia, essential tremors, chronic pain due to failed back surgeries and other related neurological
disorders; 

our
future commercialization, marketing and manufacturing capabilities and strategy; 

our
ability to comply with applicable regulatory requirements; 

our
ability to maintain our intellectual property position; 

the
outcome of legal proceedings with PMT Corporation PMT 

our
expectations regarding international opportunities for commercializing our cortical strip, grid and depth electrode technology under
including technology under development; 

our
estimates regarding the size of, and future growth in, the market for our technology, including technology under development; and 

our
estimates regarding our future expenses and needs for additional financing. 

Forward-looking statements are based on management s
current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about our business and the industry in which we operate, and management s
beliefs and assumptions are not guarantees of future performance or development and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and
other factors that are in some cases beyond our control. You should refer to the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report
for a discussion of important factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by our forward-looking
statements. As a result of these factors, we cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report will prove to
be accurate. Furthermore, if our forward-looking statements prove to be inaccurate, the inaccuracy may be material. In light of the significant
uncertainties in these forward-looking statements, you should not regard these statements as a representation or warranty by us or any
other person that we will achieve our objectives and plans in any specified time frame, or at all. 

These forward-looking statements speak only as
of the date of this Annual Report. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements
for any reason, even if new information becomes available in the future. You should, however, review the factors and risks and other information
we describe in the reports we will file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC after the
date of this Annual Report. 

iii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 

Overview 

Corporate Overview of NeuroOne Medical Technologies
Corporation 

We were originally incorporated as Original Source
Entertainment, Inc. under the laws of the State of Nevada on August 20, 2009. Prior to the closing of the Acquisition, as defined below,
we completed a series of steps contemplated by a Plan of Conversion pursuant to which we, among other things, changed our name to NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation, increased our authorized number of shares of Common Stock from 45,000,000 to 100,000,000, increased
our authorized number of shares of preferred stock from 5,000,000 to 10,000,000 and reincorporated in Delaware. On July 20, 2017, we acquired
NeuroOne, Inc. (the Acquisition ). Immediately following the closing of the Acquisition, the business of NeuroOne, Inc. became
our sole focus. 

Corporate Overview and History of NeuroOne,
Inc. 

NeuroOne, Inc. was incorporated under the laws
of the State of Delaware on October 7, 2016. Its predecessor entity, NeuroOne LLC (the LLC ), was formed on December 13,
2013 and operated as a limited liability company until it was merged with and into NeuroOne, Inc. on October 27, 2016, with NeuroOne,
Inc. as the surviving entity (the Merger ). As a result of the Merger, all of the properties, rights, privileges and powers
of the LLC vested in NeuroOne, Inc., and all debts, liabilities and duties of the LLC became the debts, liabilities and duties of NeuroOne,
Inc., except for the Exclusive Start-up Company License Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2014, as amended on February 22, 2017, March
30, 2019 and September 18, 2019 (the Original WARF License ), with the Wisconsin Alumni Research Foundation WARF ),
which was not legally transferred until May 2017. The purposes of the Merger were to: change the jurisdiction of incorporation from Minnesota
to Delaware; change the ownership of the LLC s underlying assets; and convert from a limited liability company to a corporation.
In December 2019, NeuroOne, Inc. was merged with and into the Company, with the Company remaining as the surviving entity. 

We are a medical technology company focused on
the development and commercialization of thin film electrode technology for continuous electroencephalogram (cEEG) and stereoelectrocencephalography
(sEEG) recording, spinal cord stimulation, brain stimulation and ablation solutions for patients suffering from epilepsy, Parkinson s
disease, dystonia, essential tremors, chronic pain due to failed back surgeries and other related neurological disorders. Additionally,
we are investigating the potential applications of our technology associated with artificial intelligence. Members of our management team
have held senior leadership positions at a number of medical technology and biopharmaceutical companies, including Boston Scientific,
St. Jude Medical, Stryker Instruments, C.R. Bard, A-Med Systems, Sunshine Heart, Empi, Don-Joy and PMT. 

We are developing our cortical, sheet and depth
electrode technology to provide solutions for diagnosis through cEEG recording and sEEG recording and treatment through brain stimulation
and ablation, all in one product. A cEEG is a continuous recording of the electrical activity of the brain that identifies the location
of irregular brain activity, which information is required for proper treatment. cEEG recording involves an invasive surgical procedure,
referred to as a craniotomy. sEEG involves a less invasive procedure whereby doctors place electrodes in targeted brain areas by drilling
small holes through the skull. Both methods of seizure diagnosis are used to identify areas of the brain where epileptic seizures originate
in order to precisely locate the seizure source for therapeutic treatment if possible. 

Deep brain stimulation, or DBS, therapies involve
activating or inhibiting the brain with electricity that can be given directly by electrodes on the surface or implanted deeper in the
brain via depth electrodes. Introduced in 1987, this procedure involves implanting a power source referred to as a neurostimulator, which
sends electrical impulses through implanted depth electrodes, to specific targets in the brain for the treatment of disorders such as
Parkinson s disease, essential tremors, dystonia, and chronic pain. The effects of DBS as a potential treatment for Alzheimer s
is also being evaluated by researchers. Unlike ablative technologies, the effects of DBS are reversible. 

1 

RF ablation is a procedure that uses radiofrequency under the electrode
contacts which is directed to the site of the brain tissue that is targeted for removal. The process involves delivering energy to the
contacts, thereby heating them and destroying the brain tissue. The ablation does not remove the tissue. Rather, it is left in place and
typically scar tissue forms in the place where the ablation occurs. This procedure is also known as brain lesioning as it causes irreversible
lesions. In August 2021, the Company announced a strategic partnership with RBC Medical Innovations to develop a radio frequency
(RF) ablation generator. The following month, our RF ablation technology was tested by representatives from Emory University in Atlanta
Georgia in an animal study. The product remains in development. 

Our cortical sheet electrode and depth electrode
technology has been tested over the years by both WARF, the owners of our licensed patents, and Mayo Clinic located in Rochester, Minnesota,
in both pre-clinical models as well as through an institutional review board IRB approval at Mayo Clinic for clinical
research. In December 2020, we announced the first human commercial use of our Evo cortical electrode in a procedure performed at the
Mayo Clinic. Regarding our ablation electrode, the Cleveland Clinic has performed testing in bench top models and pre-clinical (or animal
testing) modes. These pre-clinical tests have demonstrated that the technology is capable of recording, ablation and acute stimulation,
although our ablation electrode technology remains in product development (meaning that additional testing will be needed prior to it
being cleared for sale by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA )) for recording (or diagnostic) and therapeutic
modalities. 

We received 510(k) FDA clearance for our Evo cortical
technology in November 2019, and in September 2021 we received FDA clearance to market our Evo sEEG electrode technology for temporary
(less than 24 hours) use with recording, monitoring, and stimulation equipment for the recording, monitoring, and stimulation of electrical
signals at the subsurface level of the brain. 

Our Market Opportunity 

Epilepsy Market 

We expect to initially target the diagnosis and
treatment of epilepsy. Epilepsy can be caused by a variety of conditions that affect a person s brain, some of which are: stroke,
brain tumor, traumatic brain injury and central nervous system infections. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
(the CDC and Citizens United for Research in Epilepsy CURE ), there are approximately 3,000,000 patients
annually suffering with epilepsy in the United States, with an additional 200,000 diagnosed every year. The CDC and CURE also estimate
that epilepsy costs the United States 15.5 billion per year. Approximately 720,000 of these patients are not receptive to pharmaceutical
treatment and therefore are appropriate for surgical treatment of this disorder. In addition to poor quality of life, epilepsy also is
associated with fairly high mortality rates. Sudden Unexpected Death in Epilepsy has an annual incidence of 1.16/1000 in epilepsy patients.
Despite the large market opportunity, it is estimated that there are only 16,000 craniotomies performed for epilepsy cases each year in
the United States with 18,000 performed in Europe. 1 
These numbers represent an underpenetrated market due to the invasiveness of a full craniotomy required just to perform the diagnostic
procedure. After the diagnostic procedure, a second therapeutic procedure is required and at times even a third surgery if the seizures
persist. We believe patients are unwilling to proceed due to the long diagnostic times (one to four weeks in the hospital with a craniotomy),
infection rates and 50 rate of success in the diagnosis and treatment of the disorder. As detailed above, after the diagnosis is completed,
if successful, the patient must undergo an additional procedure to have the affected area of brain tissue removed. The average cost for
the diagnostic technology per procedure is 10,000, with ablation devices costing 15,000 and brain stimulation devices costing 25,000
to 30,000. We believe our technology, once developed, will offer an all-in-one solution with diagnostic and therapeutic capabilities. 

1 American Association of Neurological Surgeons National Neurosurgical
Procedural Statistics 2012. 

2 

Many leading neurologists believe that the limits
of today s current technologies are the reason the exact affected area of the brain causing epileptic seizures is not well-determined.
We believe our technology, which has been developed to date by physicians at WARF and Mayo Clinic, will provide a number of advantages
over the current commercially available technologies, including the following: 

Our
proprietary thin film technology under development has a smaller footprint with many more electrodes. 

We
expect that our technology will eventually be able to be implanted using a minimally invasive procedure utilizing a dime sized burr hole
rather than a full craniotomy. 

Our
technology may provide more accurate detection of irregular brain activity over currently available technology. In limited clinical testing,
doctors at Mayo Clinic have documented pre-seizure activity (micro-seizures) during their clinical research with their patients using
our cEEG technology. 

We
expect our technology can ablat e through the electrodes as well as perform brain stimulation, allowing for diagnosis and treatment
through the same product and in the same procedure. 

Parkinson s Disease 

The Parkinson s Disease Foundation estimates
that as many as 1,000,000 patients in the United States live with Parkinson s disease with an additional 60,000 patients diagnosed
per year. Over 10,000,000 patients worldwide are living with Parkinson s disease. There have not been any drugs introduced that
have been effective at treating Parkinson s disease. The average onset is over 60 years old but some people have been diagnosed
as young as 40 years old. Parkinson s is a disorder of the central nervous system caused by loss of brain cells throughout various
regions of the brain. It is attributed to the loss of dopamine production in the brain, a messenger in the brain that allows for movement
and coordination. There are no objective tests to diagnose Parkinson s disease, and misdiagnosis rates are still very high. Doctors
look to find two or more signs to make a diagnosis, including balance problems, rigidity and tremors that occur during rest. In 2011,
the FDA approved the first imaging device called a DaTscan that can capture images of the dopamine system in the brain. By itself, these
scans cannot diagnose Parkinson s but can help confirm a doctor s diagnosis. Parkinson s disease is typically not fatal;
however, complications caused by the symptoms of Parkinson s, such as difficulty swallowing causing food to travel to the lungs
resulting in pulmonary issues or falls related to loss of balance, can be fatal. 

Today s primary treatment for Parkinson s
disease involves medications that have not proven to resolve symptoms but rather ease symptoms. Years ago, surgical procedures such as
thalamotomy and pallidotomy targeted certain parts of the brain and involved destroying the tissue. More recently, these procedures have
been replaced with DBS. A doctor evaluates the patient by reviewing the patient s symptoms and medications taken and administering
detailed memory, thinking and imaging tests to determine if they are appropriate for DBS. According to the Michael J. Fox Parkinson s
Disease Research Foundation website, patients that seem to do best with DBS are those that have had the disease for at least four years
and have benefited from taking medications prescribed to control the disease. In addition, DBS seems to help with reducing the issues
with motor functions such as tremors, stiffness and slowness but not for balance issues. Doctors are evaluating treatment to other parts
of the brain in an effort to address more symptoms to treat walking or balance issues. In addition, research is being conducted to provide
stimulation when the symptoms return as opposed to all of the time. 

3 

Essential Tremors 

Essential tremors are thought to be due to electrical
irregularities in the brain that send abnormal signals to the muscles. It is a progressive condition that worsens over time and is linked
to genetic disorders that typically appear in people who are over 40. Essential tremors usually occur alone and without any other neurological
symptoms or signs. The tremors usually occur when the hands are raised and primarily affect the hands. Muscles in the trunk, face and
neck may also experience symptoms. Sometimes misdiagnosed as Parkinson s disease, essential tremors are an involuntary rhythmic
shaking of the hands that is not present at rest. It is apparent during activities such as drinking, writing and eating. Symptoms can
worsen due to stress, anxiety, smoking, caffeine, fatigue, etc. Genetics Home Reference estimates that as many as 10,000,000 people in
the United States are affected by the disease. Treatments for the disease include medical therapy, weighting the limbs and DBS. Patients
need to eliminate any medications they are taking that cause tremors as this can exacerbate the symptoms. For some patients, using wrist
weights may ease symptoms allowing the patient to function. Other patients may also use relaxation techniques as stress can increase symptoms.
Medical therapy is also used to treat patients symptoms. Primidone is typically the first drug prescribed as it has had success
in some situations for epilepsy. Botox is also used at times to control head tremors. When these fail, surgery is the next alternative.
A surgical procedure used years ago created lesions in the ventral intermediate thalamus and was highly successful with treating essential
tremors but is no longer commonly used due to increased risk of developing speech problems. The latest therapy is DBS, which, unlike other
therapies, is reversible and programmable, helping to adjust the settings to maximize patient benefit. Similar to Parkinson s disease,
the ability to detect this irregular brain activity before it causes a tremor is highly desirable. 

Dystonia 

Dystonia is a neurological condition recognized
as a motion disorder that involves over activity of a variety of different muscles simultaneously that work against each other. It presents
itself in a variety of symptoms but typically involves repetitive, patterned and often twisting involuntary muscle contractions resembling
tremors. According to the Dystonia Medical Research Foundation, over 300,000 people are affected in the United States and Canada alone.
Dystonia is the third most common problem seen in movement disorder clinics. Because it has many different manifestations, it is often
misdiagnosed. In addition, similar to Parkinson s disease, there are no specific tests that can positively diagnose dystonia. A
doctor typically will evaluate patient and family history, potentially do genetic testing, EEG testing, blood and urine tests. There are
also many treatment options for patients but depend on the type of dystonia. Botox and certain medications may be helpful or DBS may be
used. 

Spinal Cord Stimulation 

Failed back surgery syndrome FBSS is a condition that produces chronic lower back/leg pain due to one or more failed back surgeries. Typically, it is related to patients
that suffer with pain after surgery of the lumbar spine for degenerative disc disease. Re-operations are usually not recommended for these
patients due to low success rates. These patients experience greater levels of pain, a lower quality of life, varying levels of disability
and higher rate of unemployment. Spinal cord stimulation works by placing an electrode(s) in a targeted area of the spine which is then
connected to an implantable pulse generator that sends electrical stimulation to the electrode to block the pain signals from reaching
the brain. 

The back pain market includes the following indications:
FBSS, Ischemic Limb Pain, and Complex Regional Pain Syndrome. Over half of this market is comprised of patients with FBSS. Certain studies
have indicated a benefit for these patients suffering from chronic back and lower limb pain when they have been treated with electrical
stimulation. Prior to the patient receiving an implant, they undergo a trial period that allows them to determine if they are receiving
relief from the therapy while preventing a surgery to implant the pulse generator that provides the stimulation. If the trial period is
successful, then the device is implanted in a follow-up procedure. 

4 

Artificial Intelligence 

The brain consists of approximately 100 billion
nerve cells, which are small wires that pass electrical signals to control all of its functions. There have been a number of successful
clinical trials in which small metal wires, known as electrodes, are implanted in the brain to correct nerve damage using wireless communication
between implanted wires to simulate functional nerve cells. In addition to correcting damaged nerve cells, certain scientists have theorized
that if millions of wires could be implanted in the brain, these electrodes could present an opportunity to use artificial intelligence
to create infrared sight, increase hearing or perfect memory recall. However, there currently is no commercially available manufacturing
platform capable of making thousands of wires that can be placed within or on the brain and work reliably for the lifetime of a subject,
and are soft enough to match the tissue of the brain, that avoid damage to the brain. 

Limitations of Currently Available Therapies 

There are a limited number of currently available
products for diagnosis and treatment for people with neurological disorders such as epilepsy. Although the currently available systems
provide diagnosis and treatment for patients, they have certain inherent limitations and shortcomings that we believe limit their use
and validate the need for improved technology in the market. These limitations include: 

Lengthy
diagnostic times: Patients spend one to four weeks in the hospital waiting to have seizures that will allow doctors to determine
where the seizures are occurring. 

Lower
Accuracy: Historically, clinical electrode manufacturers primarily provided electrodes that sample brain tissue at approximately
centimeter spatial scales. Advances in digital EEG acquisition have made recordings at sub-millimeter spatial scales possible, but high-spatial
resolution EEG has been slow to impact clinical practice. Existing, higher spatial scales increase the potential for missing data that
may be critical in the removal of brain tissue causing the irregular activity. 

Need
to perform a full craniotomy (invasiveness): Currently available cortical electrode technology is placed through a craniotomy, which
requires removing the top part of the cranium and is a very painful and invasive procedure. Procedural times for a craniotomy range from
a minimum of four to eight hours. A variety of complications can occur when a full craniotomy is performed, including but not limited
to: stroke, bleeding, infection, seizures, swelling of the brain (which may require a second craniotomy), nerve damage, which may cause
muscle paralysis or weakness, cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) leak, which may require repair, loss of mental functions and permanent brain
damage with associated disabilities. The invasiveness, procedural times and possible surgical complications have limited the growth of
surgical treatment of epilepsy. 

Requirement
for a surgical incision : Currently, when patients have been implanted with paddle electrodes in the spinal area, a surgical incision
has been required. A technology that allows for percutaneous placement is desirable. 

Limited
number of contacts on an electrode : Paddle electrodes currently are available in a variety of sizes and number of contacts. Physicians
want to explore adding a greater number of contacts on the same electrode in order to be able to be more precise in stimulating targeted
areas. 

5 

Our
Solution 

As a result of the inherent limitations and inconvenience
of existing systems, we believe that there is a significant unmet need among people with neurological disorders for cortical strip, grid
and depth electrodes that provide diagnostic capabilities through cEEG and sEEG recording in addition to therapeutic modalities, such
as brain stimulation and ablation, offered as an all-in-one product. In comparison to currently available technologies, we are continuing
to develop applications of our strip, grid and depth electrodes with the goal of providing the following expected advantages: 

Reduced
time for diagnosis: If we are successful in identifying brain activity more quickly, in offering a minimally invasive procedure and
developing an all-in-one solution, we expect our technology will reduce overall procedural times. While our pre-clinical and clinical
experience to date is limited, our cortical grid technology has demonstrated the ability to provide high fidelity recordings that have
allowed physicians to identify the affected brain tissue causing seizures in hours versus weeks. This represents the potential for meaningful
cost savings for hospitals and patients and improved quality of life for patients. 

Improved
accuracy of diagnostic technologies: Because we believe our thin film technology is capable of recording at higher fidelity than
current technologies used in EEG recording, we believe our technology may be able to more precisely determine the brain tissue causing
seizures. In December 2020, we announced the first human commercial use of our Evo cortical electrode to perform recording, functional
mapping, monitoring and stimulation of the brain. In the procedure, performed at the Mayo Clinic, our electrodes were used to record
evidence of pre-seizure activity, which may be critical in developing treatments to prevent the onset of seizures. We believe our technology
may be able to improve outcomes compared to using other diagnostic technologies regardless of whether we are able to offer an all in
one diagnostic and therapeutic solution. 

Implantation
via minimally invasive procedure with fewer post-procedure complications: We are currently developing an approach to deliver the
cortical electrodes, including minimizing the invasiveness of the procedure. We expect that patients who have qualified for this therapy
will be more accepting of a minimally-invasive procedure. Such a procedure would potentially reduce the patient s pain, bleeding
and other adverse events associated with a full craniotomy. Our technology is expected to also have fewer wires, also referred to as
tails, exiting the patient s head, which can also reduce the potential for infections. Furthermore, the material we currently use
in our cortical electrodes has shown in pre-clinical evaluations to cause less inflammation than current electrode substrates as it appears
more compatible with brain tissue. As discussed under Our Strategy below, our technology has been and will be implanted
via a full craniotomy until such time, if ever, as we are able to develop our minimally invasive procedure. 

All-in-one
diagnostic and therapeutic technology solution: Due to the expected high fidelity recording capabilities of our technology under
development, we have received feedback from physicians that they will attempt to perform the diagnosis and treatment in a single procedure,
thereby eliminating the need for a second surgical procedure, reducing the likelihood of patient infection, risks associated with surgical
procedures and minimizing the diagnostic, procedural and hospital costs. As discussed under Our Strategy below, our initial
product offering offers diagnostic-only capabilities while we advance the development of our all-in-one approach. Currently, we are developing
a combination recording, stimulation and RF ablation technology that will perform both diagnostic and therapeutic functions. 

Percutaneous
placement of spinal cord stimulation paddle electrodes with scalability options: Due to the thin film nature of our electrode technology,
we believe that it may allow for percutaneous placement, thereby preventing the need to make surgical incisions to place the electrodes.
Minimally invasive and percutaneously placed technologies have become almost a requirement for adoption with patients and physicians.
In addition, our technology offers the ability to increase the number of contacts on a film that traditionally offers fewer contacts.
Increasing the number of contacts may allow for more precise stimulation in the spine, potentially improving the therapeutic outcomes. 

6 

Our Strategy 

Our goal is to be the global leader in cEEG and
sEEG recording, monitoring, deep brain stimulation and ablation, owning the procedure from diagnosis through treatment. The key elements
of our strategy include: 

Introduce
cortical strip and grid electrodes for the diagnosis of epilepsy in United States : In December 2019, we announced that we received
FDA 510(k) clearance to market our thin film cortical electrode technology for temporary (less than 30 days) recording, monitoring, and
stimulation on the surface of the brain. Our initial product offering has initially been and will be placed through traditional surgical
means involving a craniotomy until such time, if any, that we launch our minimally invasive procedure. In July 2020, we entered into
a development relationship with Zimmer, pursuant to which we granted Zimmer exclusive global rights to distribute the cortical strip
and grid electrodes, and Zimmer will use commercially reasonable efforts to promote, market and sell the strip and grid electrodes. We
believe, due to physician feedback, that our technology represents a major improvement over existing cortical electrodes for the recording
of brain activity. We are initially targeting epilepsy as we believe this is a clinical area of great need and a market that is underserved
with a quick path to commercialization. We believe the largest and quickest-to-market geography for our cortical strip and grid technology
under development is the United States for a number of reasons, including the following: (i) many industry sources believe there is a
large underserved U.S. market, (ii) healthy procedural reimbursement exist for centers and physicians, (iii) average selling prices are
robust, and (iv) there is substantial physician enthusiasm for our technology under development. 

Launch
depth electrodes for sEEG recording: In September 2021, we announced that we received FDA 510(k) clearance to market our Evo sEEG
electrode technology for temporary (less than 24 hours) use with recording, monitoring, and stimulation equipment for recording, monitoring,
and stimulation of electrical signals at the subsurface level of the brain. We filed for 510(k) clearance to expand the duration of use
up to less than 30 days in November 2021. This submission is pending FDA review. Given the reluctance of patients to undergo epilepsy
surgery due to its invasiveness, a number of epilepsy centers have adopted the use of depth electrodes, which are placed by drilling
small holes into the patient s cranium, thereby avoiding a craniotomy. We believe our technology offers advantages compared to
current depth electrode technology and will enable us to offer a therapeutic solution using this technology in the future. As we continue
to develop our technology, we plan to release further information about the expected advantages of our technology over currently available
therapies. 

Utilize
these core technologies to develop all-in-one diagnostic and therapeutic solutions with the initial focus on a combination diagnostic
and ablation electrode: Patients currently undergo one surgical procedure for diagnosis (either
to have a cortical electrode placed via a craniotomy or depth electrodes placed via holes drilled into the skull) and, hopefully after
the brain recordings successfully indicate where the affected brain tissue is located, a second procedure or surgery is then required
to treat the patient. There is strong physician interest in being able to perform both the diagnostic and therapeutic procedure concurrently.
We are developing our technology with the goal of being able to offer this benefit although there can be no assurance that we will be
able to do so. We are pursuing cortical grid, strip and depth electrode technology that can record brain activity (diagnose) and also
provide both acute and long term stimulation as well as depth electrode technology that can ablate brain tissue. The technology has demonstrated
these functions in acute and short term animal models; however, additional development is required to offer a device that has long term
therapeutic application. These therapeutic technologies are expected to require more robust regulatory approvals for the United States,
ranging from a 510(k) to pre-market approvals PMAs with human clinical data. We will engage the FDA at the proper time
to determine the most efficient regulatory path. 

7 

Develop
percutaneous placed electrodes for spinal cord stimulation with scalable contact configurations: Given that many surgically placed
technologies have become less invasive due to patient and physician demands, we believe that our flexible thin film technology will allow
for percutaneous placement, thus potentially eliminating the need to make a surgical incision. By leveraging our existing FDA cleared
cortical electrode and sEEG technology, we may be able to offer the ability to improve precision of where the stimulation is delivered.
NeuroOne s platform thin film technology has the capability to increase the number of contacts in a similar footprint that has
fewer contacts. 

Gain
approval for other brain or motor related disorders such as Parkinson s with the therapeutic technologies developed for epilepsy:
 While we are developing our technology for the diagnosis and treatment of epilepsy, we believe that our technology has strong application
and utilization for other brain or motor related disorders such as Parkinson s disease, dystonia, essential tremors and facial
pain as these diseases are currently treated with DBS if medications are not effective. As previously mentioned, we are planning to offer
electrodes that can be implanted for long term stimulation applications, but such use will require that we pursue additional approvals
from the FDA and any international regulatory bodies where we seek to commercialize our technology. 

Explore
partnerships with other companies that leverage our core technology: Given that our technology enables, complements and/or competes
with a number of companies that are in the market or attempting to enter the market with diagnostic or therapeutic technologies to treat
brain related disorders, we believe there may be opportunities to establish mutually beneficial relationships. In addition, our technology
may have application in cardiovascular, orthopedic and pain related indications that could benefit from a high fidelity thin film electrode
product that can provide stimulation and/or ablation therapies. 

Investigate
the potential applications associated with Artificial Intelligence: We have been informed by some of our corporate advisors that
the ability to offer scale-able electrode technology that can provide thousands of electrodes in the brain may be helpful in treating
medical conditions that may benefit from using artificial intelligence. The Company has formed an advisory board that will provide guidance
to the Company as we continue to explore the opportunities in this exciting field. 

Our
Technology 

Epilepsy Mapping and Monitoring 

Epileptic seizures occur when the neurons in the
brain miscommunicate. This miscommunication typically results in involuntary muscle seizure activities and/or periods of perceptual disconnect
where the individual appears frozen. Modern medical science has advanced the treatment of epileptic seizures by mapping the electrical
communication activity of neurons and understanding their special orientation in the brain. This mapping is accomplished by access to
the cranium (through a craniotomy) and placing conductive contacts on the brain directly. The craniotomy procedure is very invasive, traumatic
to the surrounding tissue, results in high patient down time, and increases the risk of infection. 

8 

We seek to leverage scale-able technology and
produce ultra-thin, or paper-thin electrodes that allow for high-resolution and high-definition recordings, which would improve mapping
resolution and signal acquisition. If the Company is able to leverage scale-able technology, it would mean that our technology would be
able to incorporate smaller electrodes and thereby increase the number of electrodes on a given surface area. We expect that this would
increase the imaging resolution so that brain activity is displayed in greater definition. We also believe that the electrodes 
unique thinness and flexibility will provide a less invasive approach to electrode placement. The electrodes would be able to be placed
through a small quarter size hole instead of by an invasive full craniotomy procedure. 

The images under Cortical Electrode, 
from bottom to top, are images of our cortical electrode strip, our grid electrode, and the placement of the grid electrode on the brain,
respectively. The images under High Density Interconnect are both images of our product that connects our electrodes to
the head box, which is a piece of hardware that connects to electrodes to acquire, amplify, display, store and archive electrophysiological
signals, and is integrated as part of our manufactured electrode product. The images under Head Box and Signal Monitoring
and Mapping are images of the device which processes information received through the high density interconnect, and a sample output
of data acquisition, respectively, neither of which is one of the Company s products. 

Our technology consists of three primary types
of cortical electrodes: grid electrodes, strip electrodes and dual-sided electrodes. These electrodes have a patented design that utilizes
proprietary processing and materials technology, which we believe will allow the electrodes to have improved features over the current
industry standard recording electrodes. 

What sets our technology apart from others is
the integration of state of the art design leveraging the latest in flexible printed circuit technology. We believe our patented designs
will provide the surgeon a higher tactile perspective on electrode placement allowing for ultra-precise neuron recording. We expect the
benefits of our electrode designs to include the ability to detect better defined margins between healthy tissue and resect-able tissue,
less immune-response from the brain and surrounding tissue, better signal acquisition due to superior conformability of the electrode
over the brain, improved flexibility that physicians have requested, which we expect will enable a minimally invasive approach and the
electrodes unique thinness that is unmatched by current products being used. 

The Future of Neurology Mapping with NeuroOne 

We seek to develop superior scale-able 
technology for future product system iterations in higher density contact placement. This will open the doors to other brain related
disease recording procedures by providing high fidelity, more accurate diagnostic capabilities and also the ability to provide an all-in-one
therapy capable of diagnosis, ablation and/or stimulation. Beyond the brain, we believe our technology under development has applications
in other neurological signal recording disease states related to voluntary or involuntary motor neuron abnormalities, understanding sensory
neuro behavior (pain), limb prosthetics and degenerative muscle disease. 

9 

Clinical Development and Regulatory Pathway 

Clinical Experience, Future Development
and Clinical Trial Plans 

Our Evo cortical electrode technology has received
510(k) clearance from the FDA for recording, monitoring, and stimulating brain tissue for up to 30 days. Our Evo sEEG electrode technology
has received FDA 510(k) clearance from the FDA for use (less than 24 hours) with recording, monitoring, and stimulation equipment for
the recording, monitoring, and stimulation of electrical signals at the subsurface level of the brain. Our other products have not received
any clearance for commercialization by any U.S. or foreign regulatory body. To date, the Company has performed a number of bench top (which
includes feasibility testing) and pre-clinical tests (which include animal testing of device placement, ergonomics, performance, ease
of use, and other tests required by FDA regulations). As described in Government Regulation below, the Company will
be required to perform additional testing of its technology in connection with seeking additional regulatory clearances or approvals. 

We intend to expand our product offerings to include
less invasive means and all-in-one solutions, thus providing both patients and physicians better options to treat epilepsy, Parkinson s
disease, dystonia, essential tremors, chronic pain due to failed back surgeries and other related neurological disorders. While we expect
to make modifications to our initial system, we believe that most of our future product development initiatives will involve unique and
transformational next generation technology that should drive further appeal of our products with both physicians and patients. 

We are utilizing a number of resources to develop
these technologies. We license three critical patents from WARF that are the foundation of the technology and we are developing and intend
to commercialize and benefit from the thin film technology know-how of Mayo Clinic doctors through our license and development agreement.
WARF, Mayo Clinic (cortical electrodes) and Cleveland Clinic (sEEG electrodes) have been responsible for all pre-clinical studies of our
technology under development to date. See WARF License and Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and
Research License and Development Agreement below. Further, as we announced in December 2020, Mayo Clinic doctors used our technology
in the first human commercial application of our Evo cortical electrode technology to perform recording, functional mapping and stimulation
of the brain on a human patient. 

Below we have summarized, for each component of
our technology, the current stage of development or commercial production, the pre-clinical testing done to date by WARF, the Cleveland
Clinic or Mayo Clinic on such component, if any, our plans for further testing or clinical trials and our expectations regarding the requirements
for regulatory clearance or approval and timing of regulatory submissions. 

Technology 
 
 Stage of Development and Pre-Clinical Testing to Date 
 
 Additional Expected Steps for Regulatory 
Clearance or Approval 

Cortical strip and grid electrodes for the diagnosis of epilepsy 

The Company has finalized the design for the product
 and there are no further expected changes to the device design freeze ). 
 
 Pre-clinical testing and clinical testing
on the final design has been conducted by Mayo Clinic and WARF (as described in Mayo Clinic Studies below). The product
is in commercial production. 

The Company received FDA 510(k) clearance in the
 fourth calendar quarter of 2019. 
 
 Commercial launch commenced utilizing Zimmer,
 our distribution partner. 

Depth electrodes for recording (diagnostic) purposes 

We have frozen this design and the product is
 in commercial production. 
 
 No clinical testing was required in order
to obtain FDA clearance. 
 
 The Company filed for FDA 510(k) marketing clearance for sEEG electrodes in May 2021 and received a 510(k) clearance from FDA for recording, monitoring and stimulation of brain tissue for less than 24 hours in September 2021. The Company filed for 510(k) clearance to expand the duration of use up to less than 30 days in November 2021. This submission is pending FDA review. Zimmer has indicated its desire to distribute this product once we receive FDA 510(k) clearance to market for less than 30 days use and has placed initial stocking orders. 

10 

Depth electrode diagnostic and ablation devices 

No design freeze. 
 
 Pre-clinical testing, including benchtop and animal
 testing, has been conducted on early designs. Additional pre-clinical testing at the Cleveland Clinic was completed in the second calendar
 quarter of 2020. 
 
 Pre-clinical (animal) testing was conducted in
 September 2021 with representatives from Emory University in Atlanta Georgia. 
 
 The Company announced a partnership
 with RBC Medical Systems in August 2021 to develop an RF generator that will be used with the Company s diagnostic and ablation
 electrode. 
 
 No clinical testing planned
prior to FDA clearance because predicates did not perform clinical testing. 

Once the design is finalized, we will be required
 to conduct additional pre-clinical testing, which may include additional benchtop or animal testing for safety and performance. 
 
 We are planning a Pre-Submission (Q-Sub)
to the FDA for the RF Ablation System, to review the feasibility of Breakthrough designation and to complete animal studies
in the first calendar quarter of 2022. We anticipate filing a 510(k) submission in the fourth calendar quarter of 2022. We expect
that we will need to demonstrate design verification, which we estimate will cost us 200,000 to complete, biocompatibility, which we
estimate will require an investment of 100,000 to complete, and sterilization validation and adoption, which we estimate will require
 25,000 to complete. We may also need to demonstrate electrical safety, which we estimate will cost us 60,000. It is estimated the RF
generator will cost approximately 1.5 million to complete. 
 
 Future testing requirements for regulatory clearance
 will continue to be evaluated as we develop the design and regulatory strategy for this product. 

Spinal cord stim electrodes 

No design freeze. 
 
 We performed pre-clinical in-house bench top testing
 in August 2020 and are currently performing bench top testing at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
 
 In June 2021 we started bench
 top testing of prototypes to demonstrate chronic performance and longevity. 

This device is in early stages of development. 
 
 Once the design is finalized, we will be required
 to conduct additional pre-clinical testing, which may include additional benchtop or animal testing for safety and performance. Additionally,
 the FDA may require that we conduct human clinical studies. 
 
 No FDA feedback has been sought or received by
 us to date on the regulatory/clinical process that may be required for spinal cord stimulation indication, but we expect regulatory PMA
 approval will require a more robust clinical process, human clinical data for a PMA (implanted system), depending on proposed indications
 for use. 
 
 Future pre-clinical and clinical testing requirements
 for regulatory submission will continue to be evaluated as we develop the design of this product. 

Depth electrode chronic stimulation devices 

No design freeze. 
 
 Bench top testing remains in progress and we expect
 to announce results of these studies in the first quarter of 2022. 
 
 While this device remains in early development,
 we began conducting bench top durability testing in the second calendar quarter of 2021 and expect to announce results in the first quarter
 of 2022. 

Following a design freeze, we will be required
 to conduct additional pre-clinical testing, which may include additional benchtop or animal testing for safety and performance. Additionally,
 FDA-approved human clinical studies will most likely be required. 
 
 No FDA feedback has been sought or received by
 us to date on the clinical process that will be required for chronic stimulation, but we expect regulatory approval for chronic stimulation
 may require a more robust clinical process, which could a PMA with human clinical data. Because we have not yet met with the FDA, we cannot
 yet determine what clinical data and testing we will need to complete or what the testing will need to demonstrate. However, we believe,
 based on the experience of competitors for similar technology, that we will need to conduct clinical trials, which we estimate will require
 an investment of approximately 2,000,000, as well as demonstrate biocompatibility, which we estimate will cost 150,000 to complete,
 and demonstrate sterilization validation and adoption, which we estimate will cost 35,000 to complete. 

11 

Mayo Clinic and University of Wisconsin-Madison
Studies 

Our cortical technology for the diagnosis of epilepsy
has been tested by doctors at Mayo Clinic in multiple pre-clinical tests conducted from 2012 to 2017. In pre-clinical models, doctors
examined the biological impact on mammalian brains. Polyimide substrate electrodes (NeuroOne technology) were implanted on the pig s
brain for one week alongside standard competitive electrodes. The tissue underneath the two types of electrodes was removed, fixed, stained,
and examined for immunological responses. The results of a histological (evaluation of brain tissue under a microscope) analysis showed
reduced immunological reaction to prolonged polyimide substrate implants (NeuroOne technology) compared to standard silicone substrate
clinical electrodes. Electrophysiological recordings showed data obtained from polyimide electrodes which showed the feasibility of high
fidelity multi-scale electrophysiology while also displaying easier deployment of polyimide electrodes (NeuroOne technology) through minimally
invasive burr holes. 

Additionally, doctors implanted our polyimide
thin film electrodes on five human patients who were undergoing surgery to remove brain tissue for drug resistant epilepsy. Electrophysiological
recordings from the polyimide thin film technology displayed in each of these patients demonstrated micro-seizure activity due to the
high fidelity multi-scale electrophysiology. In December 2020, we announced the first human commercial use of our Evo cortical electrode
to perform recording, functional mapping and stimulation of the brain. In the procedure, performed at the Mayo Clinic, our electrodes
were used to record evidence of pre-seizure activity which may be critical in developing treatments to prevent the onset of seizures. 

Conclusions reached by the physicians at Mayo
Clinic were that thin, flexible polyimide electrodes (NeuroOne technology) provided recordings similar to standard clinical electrodes
with reduced immunological response. In addition, Mayo Clinic physicians observed that the flexibility of polyimide electrodes may reduce
pain and swelling associated with implantation of the device, and the single wire exiting the skull may reduce infection risk. The ability
to record micro-seizure and single neuron brain activity may also provide additional useful clinical data. Combined, these properties
suggest that the replacement of current competitive silicone electrodes with polyimide substrate electrodes (NeuroOne technology) for
recording brain activity for epilepsy could provide enhanced clinical value with reduced cost, reduced infection risk, and improved patient
comfort. 

In addition, our thin film cortical implant technology
has been tested by researchers at the University of Wisconsin-Madison in multiple pre-clinical animal studies conducted from 2006 to 2016,
which included mice, rats and primates. In these studies, our technology was able to record brain activity from different areas of the
brain, was implanted in a minimally invasive fashion, electrically provided brain stimulation and tissue ablation, and had increased flexibility
compared to existing commercially available technology, which allowed the grids to conform more easily to the brain surface (and may have
reduced pain and swelling, compared to less flexible devices). 

Sales and Marketing 

Zimmer Development Agreement 

Based on the size and maturity of the U.S. market,
our initial commercial focus, on July 20, 2020, we entered into an exclusive development and distribution agreement (the Development
Agreement with Zimmer, pursuant to which we granted Zimmer exclusive global rights to distribute NeuroOne s strip and grid
cortical electrodes (the Strip/Grid Products and electrode cable assembly products (the Electrode Cable Assembly
Products ), including to approximately 188 Level 4 epilepsy centers. Additionally, we granted Zimmer the exclusive right and license
to distribute certain depth electrodes developed by the Company SEEG Products , and together with the Strip/Grid Products
and Electrode Cable Assembly Products, the Products ). The parties have agreed to collaborate with respect to development
activities under the Development Agreement through a joint development committee composed of an equal number of representatives of Zimmer
and the Company. 

12 

Under the terms of the Development Agreement,
we are responsible for all costs and expenses related to developing the Products, and Zimmer is responsible for all costs and expenses
related to the commercialization of the Products. In addition to the Development Agreement, Zimmer and the Company have entered into a
manufacturing and supply agreement (the MS Agreement and a supplier quality agreement (the Quality Agreement with respect to the manufacturing and supply of the Products. 

Except as otherwise provided in the Development
Agreement, we are responsible for performing all development activities, including non-clinical and clinical studies directed at obtaining
regulatory approval of each Product. Zimmer has agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to promote, market and sell each Product
following the Product Availability Date (as defined in the Development Agreement) for such Product. 

Pursuant to the Development Agreement, Zimmer
made an upfront payment of 2.0 million to the Company. 

The Development Agreement will expire on the tenth
anniversary of the date of the first commercial sale of the last of the Products to achieve a first commercial sale, unless terminated
earlier pursuant to its terms. Either party may terminate the Development Agreement (x) with written notice for the other party s
material breach following a cure period or (y) if the other party becomes subject to certain insolvency proceedings. In addition, Zimmer
may terminate the Development Agreement for any reason with 90 days written notice, and we may terminate the Development Agreement
if Zimmer acquires or directly or indirectly owns a controlling interest in certain competitors of the Company. 

We will investigate markets outside of the U.S.
with the assistance of Zimmer and formulate a plan to enter those markets with the support of Zimmer. 

For more information regarding the Development
Agreement, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Overview Collaborations
Revenue and Note 7 Zimmer Development Agreement included in Item 8 Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data in this Report. 

Reimbursement 

Coverage in the United States 

Reimbursement from private third-party healthcare
payors and, to a lesser extent, Medicare will be an important element of our success. Although the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS and third-party payors have adopted coverage policies for our targeted indications, there is no guarantee this will
continue at the same levels or at all in the future. Current Procedural Terminology, or CPT, is a medical code set that is used to report
medical, surgical and diagnostic procedures and services to entities such as physicians, health insurance companies and accreditation
organizations. 

Applicable diagnostic CPT codes for mapping (diagnosing)
the brain for diagnostic procedures are as follows: 

61531
Subdural implantation of strip electrodes through one or more burr or trephine (saw) hole(s) for long-term seizure monitoring; 

61533
Craniotomy with elevation of bone flap: for subdural implantation of an electrode array, for long term seizure monitoring; 

61535
Craniotomy with elevation of bone flap; for removal of epidural or subdural electrode array, without excision of cerebral tissue (separate
procedure); and 

61760
Stereotactic implantation of depth electrodes into the cerebrum for long term seizure monitoring. 

13 

Regar ding
ICD-10 codes, the International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Edition (ICD-10) is a clinical cataloging system that went into effect
for the U.S. healthcare industry on October 1, 2015, after a series of lengthy delays. Accounting for modern advances in clinical treatment
and medical devices, ICD-10 codes offer many more classification options compared to those found in its predecessor, ICD-9. Within the
healthcare industry, providers, coders, IT professionals, insurance carriers, government agencies and others use ICD codes to properly
note diseases on health records, to track epidemiological trends and to assist in medical reimbursement decisions. 

ICD-10 codes for epilepsy are as follows: 

G40.0
Localization-related (focal) (partial) idiopathic epilepsy and epileptic syndromes with seizures of localized onset; 

G40.1
Localization-related (focal) (partial) symptomatic epilepsy and epileptic syndromes with simple partial seizures; 

G40.2
Localization-related (focal) (partial) symptomatic epilepsy and epileptic syndromes with complex partial seizures; 

G40.3
Generalized idiopathic epilepsy and epileptic syndromes; 

G40.A
Absence epileptic syndrome; 

G40.4
Other generalized epilepsy and epileptic syndromes; 

G40.50
Epileptic seizures related to external causes, not intractable; 

G40.80
Other epilepsy; and 

G40.82
Epileptic spasms. 

We believe that many of the indications we are
pursuing with our technologies are currently reimbursed on a widespread basis by Medicare, Medicaid and private insurance companies. 

Medicare, Medicaid, health maintenance organizations
and other third-party payors are increasingly attempting to contain healthcare costs by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement
of new medical devices, and, as a result, their coverage policies may be restrictive, or they may not cover or provide adequate payment
for our products. In order to obtain reimbursement arrangements, we may have to agree to a net sales price lower than the net sales price
we might charge in other sales channels. Our revenue may be limited by the continuing efforts of government and third-party payors to
contain or reduce the costs of healthcare through various increasingly sophisticated means, such as requiring prospective reimbursement
and second opinions, purchasing in groups, or redesigning benefits. Our future dependence on the commercial success of our technologies
makes us particularly susceptible to any cost containment or reduction efforts. Accordingly, if government and other third-party payors
do not provide adequate coverage and reimbursement for our products and the related insertion and removal procedures, our financial performance
will be negatively impacted. 

Manufacturing, Supply and Quality Assurance 

We currently outsource the supply and manufacture
of all components of our prototypes of our technology under development. We plan to continue with an outsourced manufacturing arrangement
for the foreseeable future. Our third-party manufacturers are recognized in their field for their competency to manufacture the respective
portions of our system and have quality systems established that meet FDA requirements. We believe the manufacturers we currently utilize
have sufficient capacity to meet our requirements; however, see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business The COVID-19
pandemic has adversely impacted, and may continue to impact, our business . We believe that as we increase our demand in the future,
our per-unit costs will decrease materially. We have also identified capable second source manufacturers and suppliers in the event of
disruption from any of our primary vendors. 

Our suppliers meet the latest ISO 13485 certification,
which includes design control requirements. As a medical device developer, the facilities of our sterilization and other critical suppliers
are subject to periodic inspection by the FDA and corresponding state and foreign agencies. We believe that our quality systems and those
of our suppliers are robust and achieve high product quality. We plan to audit our suppliers periodically to ensure conformity with the
specifications, policies and procedures for our devices. 

14 

Research and Development 

Our research and development team, which includes
our Director of Electrode Development, utilizes advice from leading experts in the neurotech field on our scientific advisory board and
is focused on the development of thin film cortical grid and strip electrodes and depth electrodes for recording, ablation and chronic
stimulation for brain related disorders as well as stimulation for spinal cord stimulation for back related pain. Our research and development
expenses were 3.9 million and 2.1 million for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Competition 

In the market for Epilepsy diagnosis, our cortical
strip, sheet and depth electrode technology will likely compete with Integra Life Science s Integra Epilepsy Strip, Grid and depth
electrodes, which provide a similar function to our diagnostic technologies. These products are well established in the marketplace and
Integra has greater resources than us, which could allow them to innovate faster. Ad-Tech Medical Instrument Corporation s Epilepsy/LTM
(subdural grid, strip and depth) electrodes, which have become the market leaders for diagnostic mapping in epilepsy, and PMT s
Cortac Strips and grid electrodes and Depthalon depth electrodes are used for recording brain activity similar to other competitive technologies.
In addition, Dixie Medical has launched a product line of depth electrodes and CorTec has launched a cortical electrode product line called
AirRay. Today s success rates for seizure free post-operative conditions remain at 50 , which has limited patients willingness
to undergo the currently highly invasive surgical procedure. We will also compete against other companies in early stages of development
of thin film technologies. 

In the neuro-ablation market, we expect to compete
with Medtronic s Visualase guided-laser ablation technology and Monteris Medical s NeuroBlate technology, which use MRI guided
laser surgical ablation for use to ablate, necrotize or coagulate soft tissue through interstitial irradiation or thermal therapy in medicine
and surgery in the discipline of neurosurgery with 1064 nm lasers. Their website claims it is used for ablation in the brain for soft
tissue and tumors. We believe there are other laser-based systems in development that will compete with these technologies. 

In the neurostimulation market, we expect to compete
with NeuroPace s RNS system approved for epilepsy, Medtronic s Activa system approved for Parkinson s disease, Boston
Scientific Vercise (indicated for Parkinson s, dystonia and essential tremors), Abbott/St. Jude Medical s Infinity DBS system
(approved for Parkinson s disease and essential tremors), Liva Nova/Cyberonic s VNS therapy intended for patients suffering
with epilepsy. We believe there are additional companies pursuing thin film electrode technology for use in the brain although none are
expected to be commercially available in 2022. 

Although we will face potential competition from
many different sources, we believe that our technology, knowledge, experience and scientific resources will provide us with competitive
advantages. For a discussion of the key competitive factors that we believe will impact the success of our cortical strip and sheet electrodes
under development, if successfully developed and approved, see Our Solution above. 

Many of the companies against which we may compete
in the future have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing,
conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved products than we do. Mergers and acquisitions in the
pharmaceutical, biotechnology and diagnostic industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of
our competitors. Smaller or early stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements
with large and established companies. These competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management
personnel and establishing clinical trial sites and subject registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary
to, or necessary for, our development. 

15 

WARF License 

In January 2020, we entered into the Amended and
Restated Exclusive Start-Up Company License Agreement, dated as of January 21, 2020, as amended on June 15, 2020 (the WARF License with WARF, which amended and restated in full the Original WARF License. Pursuant to the WARF License, WARF has granted to us an exclusive
license to make, use and sell, in the United States only, products that employ certain licensed patents for a neural probe array or thin-film
micro electrode array and method. We have agreed to pay WARF a royalty equal to a single-digit percentage of our product sales pursuant
to the WARF License, with a minimum annual royalty payment of 50,000 for calendar year 2020, 100,000 for calendar year 2021 and 150,000
for calendar year 2022 and each calendar year thereafter that the WARF License is in effect. The minimum annual royalty payment for calendar
year 2020 in the amount of 50,000 was paid in January 2021. If we or any of our sublicensees contest the validity of any licensed patent,
the royalty rate will be doubled during the pendency of such contest and, if the contested patent is found to be valid and would be infringed
by us if not for the WARF License, the royalty rate will be tripled for the remaining term of the WARF License. 

WARF may terminate this license on 30 days 
written notice, if we default on the payments of amounts due to WARF or fail to timely submit development reports, actively pursue our
development plan or breach any other covenant in the WARF License and fail to remedy such default in 90 days or in the event of certain
bankruptcy events involving us. WARF may also terminate the WARF License (i) on 90 days notice if we had failed to have commercial
sales of one or more FDA-approved products under the WARF License by June 30, 2021 or (ii) if, after royalties earned on sales begin to
be paid, such earned royalties cease for more than four calendar quarters. The first commercial sale occurred on December 7, 2020, prior
to the June 30, 2021 deadline. The WARF License otherwise expires by its terms on the date that no valid claims on the patents licensed
thereunder remain. We expect the latest expiration of a licensed patent to occur in 2030. 

In addition, WARF reserves the right to grant
non-profit research institutions and government agencies non-exclusive licenses to practice and use the inventions of the licensed patents
for non-commercial research purposes, and we grant WARF a non-exclusive, sub licensable, royalty-free right and license for non-commercial
research purposes to use improvements to the licensed patents. In the event that we discontinue use or commercialization of the licensed
patents or improvements thereon, we must grant WARF an option to obtain a non-exclusive, sub-licensable, royalty-bearing license to use
the improvements for commercial purposes. 

See Risk Factors Risks Related
to Our Business We depend on intellectual property licensed from WARF for our technology, including our technology under development,
and the termination of this license would harm our business for additional information regarding the WARF License. 

Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research
License and Development Agreement 

In May 2017, we entered into the Amended and Restated
License and Development Agreement, dated as of May 25, 2017 (the Mayo Development Agreement ), with Mayo Foundation for Medical
Education and Research Mayo to license worldwide (i) certain know how for the development and commercialization of products,
methods and processes related to flexible circuit thin film technology for the recording of tissue and (ii) the products developed therefrom,
and to partner with Mayo to assist the Company in the investigation, research application, development and improvement of such technology.
Mayo has agreed to assist us by providing access to certain individuals at Mayo (the Mayo Principal Investigators ), in developing
our cortical thin film flexible circuit technology, including prototype development, animal testing, protocol development for human and
animal use, abstract development and presentation and access to and license of any intellectual property that the Mayo Principal Investigators
develop relating to the procedure. 

We have agreed to pay Mayo a royalty equal to
a single-digit percentage of our product sales pursuant to the Mayo Development Agreement. Mayo may purchase any developed products licensed
under the Mayo Development Agreement at the best price offered by us to the end user in the prior year. The Mayo Development Agreement
generally will expire in October 2034, unless the Mayo know-how and improvements under the Mayo Development Agreement remain in use, and
the Mayo Development Agreement may be terminated by Mayo for cause or under certain circumstances. 

For additional information regarding the Mayo
Development Agreement, see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business We depend on our partnership with Mayo to license
certain know how for the development and commercialization of our technology. Termination of this partnership would harm our business,
and even if this partnership continues, it may not be successful. 

16 

Intellectual Property 

Protection of our intellectual property is a strategic
priority for our business. We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, and trade secrets as well as nondisclosure and
assignment of invention agreements, material transfer agreements, confidentiality agreements and other measures to protect our intellectual
property and other proprietary rights. 

Patents 

As of September 30, 2021, our patent estate consists
of three issued United States patents licensed from WARF covering a neural probe array and thin-film micro electrode array and method,
a pending U.S. patent application filed by us and published in 2018 covering our applications and additional devices used during the diagnostic
and therapeutic ablation and stimulation procedures, pending U.S. and European patent applications filed by us and published in 2020 relating
to improved neural depth electrodes, a pending U.S. patent application filed by us and published in 2020 relating to agent-delivering
neural electrodes, three pending U.S. applications (and corresponding PCT applications) filed in 2020 and 2021 relating to minimally invasive
electrodes, spinal cord stimulation devices, and additional electrode improvements and one additional pending U.S. application relating
to devices with temperature sensors. The licensed issued patents expire between 2025 and 2030, subject to any patent extensions that may
be available for such patents. If a patent or patents are issued on our pending patent applications, the resulting patents are projected
to expire between 2038 and 2042. 

Our patent applications may not result in issued
patents, and any patents that have been issued or may be issued in the future may not protect the commercially important aspects of our
technology. Furthermore, the validity and enforceability of our issued patents may be challenged by third parties and our patents could
be invalidated or modified by the issuing governmental authority. Third parties may independently develop technology that is not covered
by our patents that is similar to, or competes with, our technology. In addition, our intellectual property may be infringed or misappropriated
by third parties, particularly in foreign countries where the laws and governmental authorities may not protect our proprietary rights
as effectively as those in the United States. 

The medical device industry in general, and the
recording, ablation and neurostimulation sector of this industry in particular, are characterized by the existence of a large number of
patents and frequent litigation based on assertions of patent infringement. We are aware of numerous patents issued to third parties that
may relate to the technology used in our business, including the design and manufacture of electrodes and pulse generators, as well as
methods for device placement. Each of these patents contains multiple claims, any one of which may be independently asserted against us.
The owners of these patents may assert that the manufacture, use, sale or offer for sale of our cortical strip and sheet electrodes infringe
one or more claims of their patents. Furthermore, there may be additional patents issued to third parties of which we are presently unaware
that may relate to aspects of our technology that such third parties could assert against us and materially and adversely affect our business.
In addition, because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be patent applications that are currently pending and
unknown to us, which may later result in issued patents that third parties could assert against us and materially and adversely affect
our business. 

Any adverse determination in litigations, post
grant trial proceedings, at the Patent Office relating to intellectual property to which we are or may become a party could subject us
to significant liabilities to third parties or require us to seek licenses from third parties, and result in the cancellation and/or invalidation
of our intellectual property. Furthermore, if a court finds that we have willfully infringed a third party s intellectual property,
we could be required to pay treble damages and/or attorney fees for the prevailing party, in addition to other penalties. Although intellectual
property disputes in the medical device area are often settled through licensing or similar arrangements, costs associated with such arrangements
can be substantial and often require ongoing royalty payments. We may be unable to obtain necessary licenses on satisfactory terms, if
at all. If we do not obtain necessary licenses, we may not be able to redesign our products to avoid infringement; if we are able to redesign
our products to avoid infringement, we may not receive FDA approval in a timely manner. Adverse determinations in a judicial or administrative
proceeding or failure to obtain necessary licenses could prevent us from manufacturing and selling our products, which could have a significant
adverse impact on our business. 

17 

Trademarks 

We have a registered U.S. trademark for the EVO 
trademark. The document(s) updating the owner s name were filed with the U.S. Trademark Office on November 30, 2021, with an effective
date of December 30, 2019. 

Trade Secrets 

We also rely on trade secrets, technical know-how
and continuing innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position. We seek to protect such intellectual property and proprietary
information by generally requiring our employees, consultants, contractors, scientific collaborators and other advisors to execute non-disclosure
and assignment of invention agreements upon the commencement of their employment or engagement as the case may be. Our agreements with
our employees prohibit them from providing us with any intellectual property or proprietary information of third parties. We also generally
require confidentiality agreements or material transfer agreements with third parties that receive or have access to our confidential
information, data or other materials. Notwithstanding the foregoing, there can be no assurance that our employees and third parties that
have access to our confidential proprietary information will abide by the terms of their agreements. Despite the measures that we take
to protect our intellectual property and confidential information, unauthorized third parties may copy aspects of our products or obtain
and use our proprietary information. 

Government Regulation 

Our cortical strip, grid and depth electrodes
are medical devices subject to extensive and ongoing regulation by the FDA and the U.S. CMS. Regulations cover virtually every critical
aspect of a medical device company s business operations, including research activities, product development, quality, manufacturing,
supplier management and risk management, contracting, reimbursement, medical communications, and sales and marketing. In the United States,
the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act FDCA ), and the implementing regulations of the FDA (specifically, 21 Code of Regulations
(21 CFR Parts 801- labeling, 803 medical device reporting, 807 registration and listing, subpart E premarket notification
510k, 812 - investigational device exemption, 814 premarket approval and 820 quality system regulation) and applicable
FDA guidance) govern product design and development, pre-clinical and clinical testing, premarket clearance or approval, product manufacturing,
quality systems, import and export, product labeling, product storage, recalls and field safety corrective actions, advertising and promotion,
product sales and distribution, and post-market clinical surveillance. Our business is subject to federal, state and local quality regulations,
such as ISO 13485, ISO 14971, and FDA s Quality System Regulation QSR contained in 21 CFR Part 820. 

Regulatory Framework in the United States 

Device classification 

The FDA characterizes medical devices into one
of three classes, Class I, II, and III. Regulatory control increases from Class I to Class III.
The device classification regulation defines the regulatory requirements for a general device type. Most Class I devices are exempt from
Premarket Notification under 510(k); most Class II devices require Premarket Notification under 510(k); and most Class III devices require
Premarket Approval. 

Class I devices are subject to controls for labeling.
However, most such devices are exempt from pre-market notification and adherence to the FDA s QSR. This pertains to manufacturers 
methods and documentation of the design, testing, production, control quality assurance, labeling, packaging, sterilization, storage and
shipping of products. Class II devices are subject to the same general controls but may be subject to special controls such as performance
standards, post-market surveillance, FDA guidance, or particularized labeling, and may also require clinical testing prior to clearance
or approval. Class III devices are those for which insufficient information exists to assure safety and effectiveness solely through general
or special controls, including devices that support or sustain human life, are of substantial importance in preventing impairment of human
health, or which present a potential, unreasonable risk of illness or injury. Premarket Approval
is required for most Class III devices . 

Some Class I and Class II devices are exempted
by regulation from the pre-market notification requirement under Section 510(k) of the FDCA, also referred to as a 510(k) clearance, but
must meet the requirement of compliance with substantially all of the QSR. However, a pre-market approval PMA application is required for devices deemed by the FDA to pose the greatest risk, such as life-sustaining, life-supporting or certain implantable devices,
or those that are not substantially equivalent either to a device previously cleared through the 510(k) process or to a
 preamendment Class III device in commercial distribution before May 28, 1976 when PMA applications were not required. The
PMA approval process is more comprehensive than the 510(k) clearance process and typically takes multiple years to complete. 

18 

Based on FDA classifications, we believe our diagnostic
strip, grid depth electrode and RF ablation technology will be categorized by the FDA as Class II devices that do not require clinical
testing and can be filed as a 510(k), similar to existing competitive technology. The Company expects that indications for treating epilepsy,
Parkinson s and other patients suffering from motor related neurological deficiencies via a permanent implant for chronic treatment
will require a PMA process to commercially distribute in the United States. 

The 510(k) clearance process 

Under the 510(k) clearance process, the manufacturer
must submit to the FDA a premarket notification, demonstrating that the device is substantially equivalent to a legally
marketed predicate device. A predicate device is a legally marketed device that is not subject to a PMA, i.e., a device that was legally
marketed prior to May 28, 1976 (pre-amendments device) and for which a PMA is not required, a device that has been reclassified from Class
III to Class II or I, or a device that was previously found substantially equivalent through the 510(k) process. To be substantially
equivalent, the proposed device must have the same intended use, indications for use as the predicate device, and either have the
same technological characteristics as the predicate device or have different technological characteristics and not raise different questions
of safety or effectiveness than the predicate device. Clinical data is sometimes required to support substantial equivalence. 

After a 510(k) premarket notification is submitted,
the FDA determines whether to accept it for substantive review. If it lacks necessary information for substantive review, the FDA will
refuse to accept the 510(k) notification. If it is accepted for filing, the FDA begins a substantive review. By statute, the FDA is required
to complete its review of a 510(k) notification within 90 days of receiving the 510(k) notification. As a practical matter, clearance
often takes longer, and clearance is never assured. Although many 510(k) premarket notifications are cleared without clinical data, the
FDA may require further information, including clinical data, to make a determination regarding substantial equivalence, which may significantly
prolong the review process. If the FDA agrees that the device is substantially equivalent, it will grant clearance to commercially market
the device. 

If the FDA determines that the device is not substantially
equivalent to a predicate device, or if the device is automatically classified into Class III, the device sponsor must then fulfill
the more rigorous premarketing requirements of the PMA approval process, or seek reclassification of the device through the De Novo process.
 The De Novo request provides a marketing pathway to classify novel medical devices for which general
controls alone, or general and special controls, provide reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness for the intended use, but for
which there is no legally marketed predicate device. De Novo classification is a risk-based classification process. The De Novo
classification process is an alternate pathway to classify medical devices that are automatically classified into Class III but which
are low to moderate risk. A manufacturer can submit a Pre-submission (Q-Sub) for De Novo review if the manufacturer is unable to identify
an appropriate predicate device and the new device or new use of the device presents a moderate or low risk. 

After a device receives 510(k) clearance, any
modification that could significantly affect its safety or effectiveness, or that would constitute a new or major change in its intended
use, will require a new 510(k) clearance or, depending on the modification, could require a De Novo device application and potentially
a PMA application. The FDA requires each manufacturer to determine whether the proposed change requires a new submission in the first
instance, but the FDA can review any such decision and disagree with a manufacturer s determination. Many minor modifications are
accomplished by a letter-to-file in which the manufacture documents the change in an internal letter-to-file based on adherence to FDA
guidance on changes to an existing 510(k) device. The letter-to-file is in lieu of submitting a new 510(k) to obtain clearance for such
change. The FDA can always review these letters to file in an inspection. If the FDA disagrees with a manufacturer s determination
regarding whether a new premarket submission is required for the modification of an existing 510(k)-cleared device, the FDA can require
the manufacturer to cease marketing and/or recall the modified device until 510(k) clearance or approval of a De Novo or PMA application
is obtained. In addition, in these circumstances, the FDA can impose significant regulatory fines or penalties for failure to submit the
requisite application(s). 

The PMA approval process 

Following receipt of a PMA application, the FDA
conducts an administrative review to determine whether the application is sufficiently complete to permit a substantive review. If it
is not, the agency will refuse to file the PMA. If it is, the FDA will accept the application for filing and begin its review. The FDA
has 180 days to review a filed PMA application, although the review of an application more often occurs over a significantly longer period
of time. During this review period, the FDA may request additional information or clarification of information already provided, and the
FDA may issue a major deficiency letter to the applicant, requesting the applicant s response to deficiencies communicated by the
FDA. 

Before approving or denying a PMA, an FDA advisory
committee may review the PMA at a public meeting and provide the FDA with the committee s recommendation on whether the FDA should
approve the submission, approve it with specific conditions, or not approve it. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory
committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions. 

19 

Prior
to approval of a PMA, the FDA may conduct inspections of the clinical trial data and clinical trial sites, as well as inspections of
the manufacturing facility and processes. Overall, the FDA review of a PMA application generally takes between one and three years, but
may take significantly longer. The FDA can delay, limit or deny approval of a PMA application for many reasons, including: 

the
device may not be safe, effective, reliable or accurate to the FDA s satisfaction; 

the
data from pre-clinical studies and clinical trials may be insufficient to support approval; 

the
manufacturing process or facilities may not meet applicable requirements; and 

changes
in FDA approval policies or adoption of new regulations may require additional data. 

If
an FDA evaluation of a PMA application is favorable, the FDA will either issue an approval letter, or approvable letter, which usually
contains a number of conditions that must be met in order to secure final approval of the PMA. When and if those conditions have been
fulfilled to the satisfaction of the FDA, the agency will issue a PMA approval letter authorizing commercial marketing of a device, subject
to the conditions of approval and the limitations established in the approval letter. If the FDA s evaluation of a PMA application
or manufacturing facilities is not favorable, the FDA will deny approval of the PMA or issue a not approvable letter. The FDA also may
determine that additional tests or clinical trials are necessary, in which case the PMA approval may be delayed for several months or
years while the trials are conducted and data is submitted in an amendment to the PMA. The PMA process can be expensive, uncertain and
lengthy and a number of devices for which FDA approval has been sought by other companies have never been approved by the FDA for marketing. 

New
PMA applications or PMA supplements may be required for modifications to the manufacturing process, labeling, device specifications,
materials or design of a device that has been approved through the PMA process. PMA supplements often require submission of the same
type of information as an initial PMA application, except that the supplement is limited to information needed to support any changes
from the device covered by the approved PMA application and may or may not require as extensive technical or clinical data or the convening
of an advisory panel. 

Clinical
Trials 

Clinical
trials are typically required to support a PMA application and are sometimes required for a 510(k) clearance. These trials generally
require submission of an application for an Investigational Device Exemption IDE ), to the FDA. The IDE application must
be supported by appropriate data, such as animal and laboratory testing results, showing that it is safe to test the device in humans
and that the testing protocol is scientifically sound. The IDE application must be approved in advance by the FDA for a specified number
of patients, unless the product is deemed a non-significant risk device and eligible for abbreviated IDE requirements. Generally, clinical
trials for a significant risk device may begin once the IDE application is approved by the FDA and the study protocol and informed consent
are approved by appropriate institutional review boards at the clinical trial sites. The FDA s approval of an IDE allows clinical
testing to go forward, but it does not bind the FDA to accept the results of the trial as sufficient to prove the product s safety
and efficacy, even if the trial meets its intended success criteria. All clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with the FDA s
IDE regulations that govern investigational device labeling, prohibit promotion, and specify an array of recordkeeping, reporting and
monitoring responsibilities of study sponsors and study investigators. Clinical trials must further comply with the FDA s regulations
for institutional review board approval and for informed consent and other human subject protections. Required records and reports are
subject to inspection by the FDA. The results of clinical testing may be unfavorable or, even if the intended safety and efficacy success
criteria are achieved, may not be considered sufficient for the FDA to grant approval or clearance of a product. Clinical trials must
be entered into the clinical trials registry at clinicaltrials.gov. 

The
commencement or completion of any clinical trial may be delayed or halted, or be inadequate to support approval of a PMA application,
for numerous reasons, including, but not limited to, the following: 

the
FDA or other regulatory authorities do not approve a clinical trial protocol or a clinical trial, or place a clinical trial on hold; 

20 

patients
do not enroll in clinical trials at the rate expected; 

patients,
sponsor (NeuroOne) or study sites do not comply with trial protocols; 

patient
follow-up is not at the rate expected; 

patients
experience adverse side effects; 

patients
die during a clinical trial, even though their death may not be related to the products that are part of our trial; 

institutional
review boards and third-party clinical investigators may delay or reject the trial protocol; 

third-party
clinical investigators decline to participate in a trial or do not perform a trial on the anticipated schedule or consistent with the
clinical trial protocol, good clinical practices or other FDA requirements; 

the
sponsor (NeuroOne) or third-party organizations do not perform data collection, monitoring and analysis in a timely or accurate manner
or consistent with the clinical trial protocol or investigational or statistical plans; 

third-party
clinical investigators have significant financial interests related to the sponsor (NeuroOne) or the study that the FDA deems to make
the study results unreliable, or the company or investigators fail to disclose such interests; 

regulatory
inspections of our clinical trials or manufacturing facilities, which may, among other things, require us to undertake corrective action
or suspend or terminate our clinical trials; 

changes
in governmental regulations or administrative actions; 

the
interim or final results of the clinical trial are inconclusive or unfavorable as to safety or efficacy; and 

the
FDA concludes that our trial design is inadequate to demonstrate safety and efficacy. 

Other
Regulatory Requirements 

Even
after a device receives clearance or approval and is placed in commercial distribution, numerous regulatory requirements apply. These
include: 

establishment
registration and device listing; 

QSR,
which requires manufacturers, including third party manufacturers, to follow stringent design, testing, risk management, production,
control, supplier/contractor selection, complaint handling, documentation and other quality assurance procedures during all aspects of
the manufacturing process; 

labeling
regulations that prohibit the promotion of products for uncleared, unapproved or off-label uses, and impose other restrictions
on labeling, advertising and promotion; 

MDR
regulations, which require that manufacturers report to the FDA if their device may have caused or contributed to a death or serious
injury or malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if the malfunction were to recur; 

21 

voluntary
and mandatory device recalls to address problems when a device is defective and could be a risk to health; and 

corrections
and removals reporting regulations, which require that manufacturers report to the FDA field corrections and product recalls or removals
if undertaken to reduce a risk to health posed by the device or to remedy a violation of the FDCA that may present a risk to health. 

Also,
the FDA may require us to conduct post-market surveillance studies or establish and maintain a system for tracking our products through
the chain of distribution to the patient level. The FDA enforces regulatory requirements by conducting periodic, unannounced inspections
and market surveillance. Inspections may include the manufacturing facilities of our subcontractors. 

Failure
to comply with applicable regulatory requirements can result in enforcement actions by the FDA and other regulatory agencies. These may
include any of the following sanctions or consequences: 

warning
letters or untitled letters that require corrective action; 

fines
and civil penalties; 

unanticipated
expenditures; 

delays
in approving or refusal to approve future products; 

FDA
refusal to issue certificates to foreign governments needed to export products for sale in other countries; 

suspension
or withdrawal of FDA clearance or approval; 

product
recall or seizure; interruption of production; 

operating
restrictions; 

injunctions;
and 

criminal
prosecution. 

Our
contract manufacturers, specification developers and some suppliers of components or device accessories, also are required to manufacture
our products in compliance with current good manufacturing practice requirements set forth in the QSR. The QSR requires a quality system
for the design, manufacture, packaging, labeling, storage, installation and servicing of marketed devices, and it includes extensive
requirements with respect to quality management and organization, device design, buildings, equipment, purchase and handling of components
or services, production and process controls, packaging and labeling controls, device evaluation, distribution, installation, complaint
handling, servicing, and record keeping. The FDA evaluates compliance with the QSR through periodic unannounced inspections that may
include the manufacturing facilities of our subcontractors. If the FDA believes that any of our contract manufacturers or regulated suppliers
are not in compliance with these requirements, it can shut down such manufacturing operations, require a recall of our products, refuse
to approve new marketing applications, institute legal proceedings to detain or seize products, enjoin future violations or assess civil
and criminal penalties against us or our officers or other employees. 

22 

The
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA and Similar Foreign and State Laws and Regulations
Affecting the Transmission, Security and Privacy of Health Information 

We
may also be subject to data privacy and security regulation by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business.
HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH, and their respective implementing
regulations, imposes specified requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information.
Among other things, HITECH makes HIPAA s security standards directly applicable to business associates, defined as service providers
of covered entities that create, receive, maintain or transmit protected health information in connection with providing a service for
or on behalf of a covered entity. HITECH also created four new tiers of civil monetary penalties and gave state attorneys general new
authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorneys 
fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. In addition, many state laws govern the privacy and security of health
information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from HIPAA and each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect. 

Fraud
and Abuse Laws 

In
addition to FDA restrictions, there are numerous U.S. federal and state laws pertaining to healthcare fraud and abuse, including anti-kickback
laws and physician self-referral laws. Our relationships with healthcare providers and other third parties are subject to scrutiny under
these laws. Violations of these laws are punishable by criminal and civil sanctions, including, in some instances, imprisonment and exclusion
from participation in federal and state healthcare programs, including the Medicare, Medicaid and Veterans Administration health programs. 

Federal
Anti-Kickback and Self-Referral Laws 

The
federal Anti-Kickback Statute (the Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving,
offering or providing remuneration (including any kickback, bribe or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, to induce
either the referral of an individual, or the furnishing, recommending, or arranging of a good or service, for which payment may be made
under a federal healthcare program such as Medicare and Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs. The term remuneration 
has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value, including such items as gifts, discounts, the furnishing of supplies or equipment,
credit arrangements, waiver of payments and providing anything at less than its fair market value. Although there are a number of statutory
exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution, the exceptions and safe harbors are drawn
narrowly. Practices that involve remuneration that may be alleged to be intended to induce prescribing, purchases or recommendations
may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception or safe harbor. Failure to meet all of the requirements of a particular
applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor does not make the conduct per se illegal under the Anti-Kickback Statute. Instead,
the legality of the arrangement will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis based on a review of all its relevant facts and circumstances.
Several courts have interpreted the statute s intent requirement to mean that if any one purpose of an arrangement involving remuneration
is to induce referrals of (or purchases, or recommendations related to) federal healthcare covered business, the Anti-Kickback Statute
has been implicated and potentially violated. 

The
penalties for violating the Anti-Kickback Statute include imprisonment for up to five years, fines of up to 25,000 per violation and
possible exclusion from federal healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. Many states have adopted prohibitions similar to the
Anti-Kickback Statute, some of which do not have the same exceptions and apply to the referral of patients for healthcare services reimbursed
by any source, not only by the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Further, the Anti-Kickback Statute was amended by the Patient Protection
and Affordable Care Act ACA ). Specifically, as noted above, under the Anti-Kickback Statute, the government must prove
the defendant acted knowingly to prove a violation occurred. The ACA added a provision to clarify that with respect to
violations of the Anti-Kickback Statute, a person need not have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to commit
a violation of the statute. This change effectively overturns case law interpretations that set a higher standard under which prosecutors
had to prove the specific intent to violate the law. In addition, the ACA codified case law that a claim including items or services
resulting from a violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal civil False
Claims Act (the False Claims Act ). 

We
plan to provide the initial training to providers and patients necessary for appropriate use of our technology either through our own
educators or by contracting with outside educators that have completed an appropriate training course. Outside educators are reimbursed
for their services at fair market value. 

Noncompliance
with the Anti-Kickback Statute could result in our exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid or other governmental programs, restrictions on
our ability to operate in certain jurisdictions, and civil and criminal penalties. 

23 

The
federal Physician Self-Referral Prohibition, commonly known as the Stark Law, prohibits a physician from ordering designated
health services, including durable medical equipment, for Medicare and Medicaid patients from entities with which the physician
(or an immediate family member) has a financial relationship. Financial relationships include both compensation arrangements
and investment and ownership interests. Violation of the Stark Law could result in denial of payment, disgorgement of reimbursements
received under a noncompliant arrangement, civil penalties, and exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid or other governmental programs. We
believe that we have structured our provider arrangements to comply with current Stark Law requirements. 

Nevertheless,
a determination of liability under such laws could result in fines and penalties and restrictions on our ability to operate in these
jurisdictions. 

Additionally,
as some of these laws are still evolving, we lack definitive guidance as to the application of certain key aspects of these laws as they
relate to our arrangements with providers with respect to patient training. We cannot predict the final form that these regulations will
take or the effect that the final regulations will have on us. As a result, our provider and training arrangements may ultimately be
found to be not in compliance with applicable federal law. 

False
Claims Act 

The
False Claims Act provides, in part, that the federal government may bring a lawsuit against any person whom it believes has knowingly
presented, or caused to be presented, a false or fraudulent request for payment from the federal government, or who has made a false
statement or used a false record to get a claim approved. In addition, amendments in 1986 to the False Claims Act have made it easier
for private parties to bring qui tam whistleblower lawsuits against companies under the False Claims Act. Penalties include
fines ranging from 5,500 to 11,000 for each false claim, plus three times the amount of damages that the federal government sustained
because of the act of that person. Qui tam actions have increased significantly in recent years, causing greater numbers of healthcare
companies to have to defend a false claim action, pay fines or be excluded from Medicare, Medicaid or other federal or state healthcare
programs as a result of an investigation arising out of such action. 

There
are other federal anti-fraud laws that prohibit, among other actions, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a
scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors, knowingly and willfully embezzling or stealing
from a healthcare benefit program, willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a healthcare offense, and knowingly and willfully
falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection
with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. 

Additionally,
HIPAA established two federal crimes related to making false statements in relation to healthcare matters. The healthcare fraud statute
prohibits knowingly and willfully executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private payors. A violation
of this statute is a felony and may result in fines, imprisonment or exclusion from government sponsored programs. The false statements
statute prohibits knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious
or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. A violation of this
statute is a felony and may result in fines or imprisonment. 

Civil
Monetary Penalties Law 

In
addition to the Anti-Kickback Statute and the False Claims Act, the federal government has the authority to seek civil monetary penalties,
or CMPs, assessments, and exclusion against an individual or entity based on a wide variety of prohibited conduct. For example, the Civil
Monetary Penalties Law authorizes the imposition of substantial CMPs against an entity that engages in activities including, but not
limited to: (1) knowingly presenting or causing to be presented, a claim for services not provided as claimed or which is otherwise false
or fraudulent in any way; (2) knowingly giving or causing to be given false or misleading information reasonably expected to influence
the decision to discharge a patient; (3) offering or giving remuneration to any beneficiary of a federal health care program likely to
influence the receipt of reimbursable items or services; (4) arranging for reimbursable services with an entity which is excluded from
participation from a federal health care program; (5) knowingly or willfully soliciting or receiving remuneration for a referral of a
federal health care program beneficiary; or (6) using a payment intended for a federal health care program beneficiary for another use.
The government is authorized to seek different amounts of CMPs and assessments based on underlying violation. For false or fraudulent
claims, the government may seek a penalty of up to 10,000 for each item or service improperly claimed, and an assessment of up to three
times the amount improperly claimed. For kickback violations, the government may seek a penalty of up to 50,000 for each improper act
and damages of up to three times the amount of remuneration at issue. 

24 

State
Fraud and Abuse Provisions 

Many
states have also adopted some form of anti-kickback and anti-referral laws and a false claims act. We believe that we are in conformance
to such laws. Nevertheless, a determination of liability under such laws could result in fines and penalties and restrictions on our
ability to operate in these jurisdictions. 

Physician
Payment Sunshine Act 

Transparency
laws regarding payments or other items of value provided to healthcare providers and teaching hospitals may also impact our business
practices. The federal Physician Payment Sunshine Act requires most medical device manufacturers to report annually to the Secretary
of Human Health Services financial arrangements, payments, or other transfers of value made by that entity to physicians and teaching
hospitals. The payment information is made publicly available in a searchable format on a CMS website. Over the next several years, we
will need to dedicate significant resources to establish and maintain systems and processes in order to comply with these regulations.
Failure to comply with the reporting requirements can result in significant civil monetary penalties. Similar laws have been enacted
or are under consideration in foreign jurisdictions. 

Human
Capital 

As
of September 30, 2021, we had 11 employees, all of whom are full-time, 6 of whom are engaged in research and development activities,
and all of whom are located in the United States. As of September 30, 2021, we also retained the services of approximately 11 regular
consultants. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our
relationship with our employees to be good. During our 2021 fiscal year, we did not experience any turnover among our employees. 

Corporate
Information 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 7599 Anagram Drive, Eden Prairie, Minnesota 55344, and our telephone number is 952-426-1383.
Our website address is www.n1mtc.com. Information on our website is not part of this Annual Report. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

The
risk factors summarized and detailed below could materially harm our business, operating results and financial condition, impair our
future prospects and cause the price of our common stock to decline. These are not all of the risks we face and other factors not presently
known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also affect our business if they occur. Material risks that may affect our
business, operating results and financial condition include, but are not necessarily limited to, those relating to: 

we
have incurred significant operating losses since inception and cannot assure you that we will ever achieve or sustain profitability; 

our
ability to continue our operations requires that we raise additional capital and our operations could be curtailed if we are unable to
obtain the additional funding as or when needed; 

the
COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted and will likely continue to adversely impact our business, including through component shortages,
including of our primary component, polyimide film, due to supply chain shortages attributed to COVID related issues, supply chain disruptions,
including related to staffing availability, and delays in product availability and delivery, impacts on pre-clinical and clinical trials
and regulatory clearances/approvals; 

25 

we
will need to raise substantial additional funds in the future, and these funds may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. A
failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed could force us to delay, limit, scale back or cease some or all operations; 

medical
device development involves a lengthy and expensive process, with an uncertain outcome. We may incur additional costs or experience delays
in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of any product; 

changes
in the configuration of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology under development may result in additional
costs or delay; 

if
we are unable to successfully develop, receive regulatory clearance/approval for and commercialize our technology and other products
under development, or if we experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be harmed; 

failure
to secure or retain coverage or adequate reimbursement for our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology or future
versions thereof, including the implantation procedures, by third-party payors could adversely affect our business, financial condition
and operating results; 

if
our competitors are better able to develop and market products for the diagnosis and treatment of epilepsy, Parkinson s disease,
dystonia, essential tremors, chronic pain due to failed back surgeries and other related neurological disorders that are safer, more
effective, less costly, easier to use or otherwise more attractive than our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology,
our business will be adversely impacted; 

the
size and future growth in the market for our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology under development has not
been established with precision and may be smaller than we estimate, possibly materially; 

we
depend on intellectual property licensed from WARF for our technology under development, and the termination of this license would harm
our business; 

we
depend on our partnership with Mayo to license certain know how for the development and commercialization of our technology. Termination
of this partnership would harm our business, and even if this partnership continues, it may not be successful; 

even
if we have our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology approved for commercial sale, if we are unable to expand
our sales and marketing infrastructure, we may not be successful in commercializing our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode
technology in the United States; 

we
contract with third parties for the manufacture of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology under development
and expect to continue to do so for clinical trials and commercialization. Risks associated with the manufacturing of our products could
reduce our gross margins and negatively affect our operating results; 

if
we or our third-party suppliers or manufacturers fail to comply with the FDA s good manufacturing practice regulations, this could
impair our ability to market our products in a cost-effective and timely manner; 

potential
complications from our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology that are currently unknown may come to light; 

if
there are significant disruptions in our information technology systems, our business, financial condition and operating results could
be adversely affected; 

26 

we
have entered into, and may enter into collaborations, in-licensing arrangements, joint ventures, strategic alliances or partnerships
with third-parties that may not result in the development of commercially viable products or the generation of significant future revenues; 

our
future success depends on our ability to retain key executives and to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel; 

our
ability to protect our intellectual property and proprietary technology is uncertain; 

we
may be subject to damages resulting from claims that we, or our employees, have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of
our competitors or are in breach of non-competition or non-solicitation agreements with our competitors; 

our
products and operations are subject to extensive governmental regulation, and failure to comply with applicable requirements could cause
our business to suffer; 

the
price of our Common Stock might fluctuate significantly, and you could lose all or part of your investment; and 

we
intend to issue more shares to raise capital, which will result in substantial dilution. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

We
have incurred significant operating losses since inception and cannot assure you that we will ever achieve or sustain profitability. 

We have incurred losses since inception, and
as of September 30, 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of 40.8 million primarily as a result of expenses incurred in connection with
our operations and from our research and development programs. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing operating
costs resulting in net losses for the foreseeable future, and management has raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as
a going concern. There was also substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern as of and for the year ended September 30, 2020. To date, we have financed our operations primarily through debt and equity
financings, and our primary activities have been limited to, and our limited resources have been dedicated to, performing business and
financial planning, raising capital, recruiting personnel, negotiating with business partners and the licensors of our intellectual property
and conducting development activities. 

To
implement our business strategy we need to, among other things, successfully complete all required steps for regulatory clearance to
expand the use of our depth electrodes for sEEG recording in the U.S. for up to 30 days, develop an all-in-one diagnostic and therapeutic
solution, successfully complete the necessary testing and clinical trials required for regulatory approval of our technology for ablation
and stimulation therapies, gain approval for other brain or motor related disorders such as Parkinson s with the therapeutic technologies
developed for epilepsy, convince physicians and patients that our technology, if approved, represents an improvement over existing diagnostic
or treatment options, hire direct experienced sales representatives to market our technology, and engage in beneficial partnerships that
can leverage our core technology. We have never been profitable and do not expect to be profitable in the foreseeable future. We expect
our expenses to increase significantly as we pursue our objectives. The extent of our future operating losses and the timing of profitability
are highly uncertain, and we expect to continue incurring significant expenses and operating losses over the next several years. Our
prior losses have had, and will continue to have, an adverse effect on our stockholders equity and working capital. Any additional
operating losses may have an adverse effect on our stockholders equity, and we cannot assure you that we will ever be able to
achieve profitability. Even if we achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual
basis. Our failure to become and remain profitable would depress the value of our Company and could impair our ability to raise capital,
expand our business, maintain our development efforts, obtain regulatory approvals or continue our operations. 

27 

We
have a limited operating history, making it difficult for you to evaluate our business and your investment. 

We
are an early-stage medical technology company developing comprehensive neuromodulation cEEG and sEEG monitoring, ablation, and brain
stimulation solutions to diagnose and treat patients with epilepsy, Parkinson s disease, dystonia, essential tremors, chronic pain
due to failed back surgeries and other related neurological disorders. Our operations are subject to all of the risks inherent in the
establishment of a new business enterprise, including but not limited to the absence of an operating history, lack of fully-developed
or commercialized products, insufficient capital, expected substantial and continual losses for the foreseeable future, limited experience
in dealing with regulatory issues, lack of manufacturing and marketing experience, need to rely on third parties for the development
and commercialization of our proposed products, a competitive environment characterized by well-established and well-capitalized competitors
and reliance on key personnel. 

From our inception through September 30, 2021,
we have generated limited in revenue from the commercial sales of our products. Because we have generated very limited revenues from commercialization,
our operations to date have been principally financed through public and private offerings of our Common Stock and convertible debt and
exercises of options and warrants. 

Investors are subject to all the risks incident
to the creation and development of a new business and each investor should be prepared to withstand a complete loss of his, her or its
investment. Furthermore, the accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern.
However, the factors included above raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Our
Company has limited experience in medical device development and may not be able to successfully develop any device or therapy. Our ability
to become profitable depends primarily on: our ability to further develop our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology,
our successful completion of all necessary pre-clinical testing and clinical trials on such technology, our ability to obtain clearance
or approval for such technology and successfully commercialize such technology, our ongoing research and development efforts, the timing
and cost of clinical trials, our ability to identify personnel with the necessary skill sets or enter into favorable alliances with third-parties
who can provide substantial capabilities in clinical development, regulatory affairs, sales, marketing and distribution and our ability
to obtain and maintain necessary intellectual property rights to such technology. Our limited experience in medical device development
may make it more difficult for us to complete these tasks. 

Even
if we successfully develop and market such technology, we may not generate sufficient or sustainable revenue to achieve or sustain profitability,
which could cause us to cease operations and cause you to lose all of your investment. 

Our
ability to continue our operations requires that we raise additional capital and our operations could be curtailed if we are unable to
obtain the additional funding as or when needed. 

Our independent registered public accounting
firm and our former independent registered public accounting firm included explanatory paragraphs in the reports on our financial
statements as of and for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, noting the existence of substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern. At September 30, 2021, we had 6.9 million in cash deposits. Our existing cash and cash
equivalents will not be sufficient to fund our operating expenses. To continue to fund operations, we will need to secure additional
funding. We may obtain additional financing in the future through the issuance of our Common Stock, through other equity or debt
financings or through collaborations or partnerships with other companies. We may not be able to raise additional capital on terms
acceptable to us, or at all. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted, and may continue to impact, our business. 

Since
the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, governments, public institutions, and other organizations have taken and are continuing to take
certain preventative or protective measures to combat the transmission of the virus, including implementation of travel restrictions
or bans, vaccination mandates, closures of non-essential businesses, limitations of public gatherings, other social distancing and shelter-in-place
measures, and delays or cancellations of elective surgeries. The Company, our employees, contractors, suppliers, and other partners may
be prevented from conducting business activities for an indefinite period of time due to shutdowns or other regulatory requirements that
may be requested or mandated by state and federal governmental authorities. 

28 

We
have experienced, and will likely continue to experience, disruptions that could negatively or severely impact our business and planned
clinical trials, including: 

delays
or difficulties in conducting pre-clinical and clinical trials; 

interruption
in global manufacturing and shipping, including testing equipment and personal protective equipment used at our facilities; 

material
shortages for manufacturing, including those the Company is currently experiencing related to its primary component, polyimide film,
due to supply chain shortages attributed to COVID related issues; 

delays
in timelines for product availability and delivery from vendors, including related to staffing shortages, both generally and due to employee
illness, and due to increases in demand from other larger or more longstanding customers of our suppliers placing large orders due to
concerns with supply chain disruption and the impact of COVID-19; 

changes
in local regulations as part of a response to the COVID-19 pandemic, which may require us to change the way in which clinical trials
are conducted and may result in unexpected costs; and 

delay
in the timing of interactions with the FDA due to absenteeism by federal employees or by the diversion of their efforts and attention
to approval of other therapeutics or other activities related to COVID-19. 

In
addition, COVID-19 could disrupt our operations due to absenteeism by infected or ill members of management or other employees, or absenteeism
by members of management and other employees who elect not to come to work due to the illness affecting others in our office or laboratory
facilities, or due to quarantines. COVID-19 illness could also impact members of our Board and its ability to hold meetings. 

As
the COVID-19 pandemic continues to adversely affect our operating and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many
of the other risks described in the risk factors in this Report. Further, the COVID-19 pandemic may also affect our operating and financial
results in a manner that is not presently known to us or that we currently do not expect to present significant risks to our operations
or financial results, particularly if the COVID-19 pandemic and its associated impacts reoccur in successive waves in the coming months. 

We
will need to raise substantial additional funds in the future, and these funds may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. A
failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed could force us to delay, limit, scale back or cease some or all operations. 

The
continued growth of our business, including the development, regulatory approval and commercialization of our cortical strip, grid electrode
and depth electrode technology, will significantly increase our expenses going forward. As a result, we will be required to seek substantial
additional funds in the future. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 

the
cost of further developing our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology; 

obtaining
and maintaining regulatory clearance or approval for our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology; 

the
costs associated with commercializing our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology; 

any
change in our development priorities; 

the revenue generated by sales of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology; 

29 

the costs associated with expanding our sales and marketing infrastructure for commercialization of our cortical strip grid electrode and depth electrode technology; 

any
change in our plans regarding the manner in which we choose to commercialize any approved product in the United States; 

the
cost of ongoing compliance with regulatory requirements; 

expenses
we incur in connection with potential litigation or governmental investigations; 

expenses
and costs we incur in connection with changes in the economy and regulatory process in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic; 

the
costs to develop additional intellectual property; 

anticipated
or unanticipated capital expenditures; and 

unanticipated
general and administrative expenses. 

As
a result of these and other factors, we do not know whether and the extent to which we may be required to raise additional capital. We
may in the future seek additional capital from public or private offerings of our capital stock, borrowings under credit lines or other
sources. 

We
may not be able to raise additional capital on terms acceptable to us, or at all. Any failure to raise additional capital could compromise
our ability to execute on our business plan, and we may be forced to liquidate our assets. In such a scenario, the values we receive
for our assets in liquidation or dissolution could be significantly lower than the values reflected in our financial statements. 

If
we issue additional equity or debt securities to raise additional funds, our existing stockholders may experience dilution, and the new
equity or debt securities may have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of our existing stockholders. In addition, if we
raise additional funds through collaborations, licensing, joint ventures, strategic alliances, partnership arrangements or other similar
arrangements, it may be necessary to relinquish valuable rights to our potential future products or proprietary technologies or grant
licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. 

Changes
in the configuration of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology under development may result in additional
costs or delay. 

As
products are developed through pre-clinical testing and clinical trials towards approval and commercialization, it is common that various
aspects of the development program, such as manufacturing methods and configuration, are altered along the way in an effort to optimize
processes and results. Any changes we make carry the risk that they will not achieve the intended objectives. Any of these changes could
cause our products to perform differently and affect the results of planned clinical trials or other future clinical trials conducted
with the altered device. Such changes may also require additional testing, regulatory notification or regulatory approval. This could
delay completion of pre-clinical testing or clinical trials, increase costs, delay approval of our future products and jeopardize our
ability to commence sales and generate revenue. 

We
have two products, our cortical strip and grid electrodes and our sEEG electrode technology for less than 24 hours use, which have each
received 510(k) clearance from the FDA. If we are unable to successfully develop, and receive regulatory approval for our sEEG electrode
for use up to 30 days or our other products under development, or if we experience significant delays in doing so, our business will
be harmed. 

Two of our products have received 510(k) clearance
from the FDA. Our Evo cortical electrode technology has received 510(k) clearance from the FDA for recording, monitoring, and stimulating
brain tissue for up to 30 days, and our Evo sEEG electrode technology has received 510(k) clearance from the FDA for use (less than 24
hours) with recording, monitoring, and stimulation equipment for recording, monitoring, and stimulation of electrical signals at the subsurface
level of the brain. Our submission to the FDA seeking 510(k) for use of our Evo sEEG electrode technology for up to 30 days is pending.
None of our other products have received clearance or approval for commercial sale. Our ability to generate revenue from our developed
products, if any, will depend heavily on their successful development and regulatory approval. 

30 

Before
obtaining marketing clearance or approval from regulatory authorities for the sale of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode
technology under development in the United States for certain indications, we must complete all pre-clinical testing, clinical trials
and other regulatory requirements necessitated by the FDA and demonstrate the performance and safety of our technology. Clinical testing
is expensive, difficult to design and implement, can take many years to complete and is inherently uncertain as to outcome. A failure
of one or more clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing. Further, the outcomes of completed clinical trials may not be predictive
of the success of later clinical trials, and interim results of a clinical trial do not necessarily predict final results. Clinical data
is often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and many companies that have believed their products performed satisfactorily
in clinical trials have nonetheless failed to obtain marketing clearance or approval. We have limited resources to complete the expensive
process of medical device development, pre-clinical testing and clinical trials, putting us at a disadvantage, particularly compared
to some of our larger and established competitors, and we may not have sufficient resources to commercialize our products under development
in a timely fashion, if ever. 

We
may experience numerous unforeseen events during or as a result of clinical trials that could delay or prevent our ability to receive
marketing approval or commercialize our products, including: 

regulators
may not authorize us or our investigators to commence a clinical trial or conduct a clinical trial at a prospective trial site; 

the
failure to successfully complete pre-clinical testing requirements required by the FDA; 

we
may experience delays in reaching, or fail to reach, agreement on acceptable clinical trial contracts with third parties or clinical
trial protocols with prospective trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among
different trial sites; 

clinical
trials of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology may produce negative or inconclusive results, including failure
to demonstrate statistical significance, and we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical trials or abandon
our development programs; 

the
number of people with brain related disorders required for clinical trials may be larger than we anticipate, enrollment in these clinical
trials may be slower than we anticipate or people may drop out of these clinical trials or fail to return for post-treatment follow-up
at a higher rate than we anticipate; 

our
products may have undesirable side effects or other unexpected characteristics, causing us or our investigators, regulators or institutional
review boards to suspend or terminate the trials; 

our
third-party contractors conducting the clinical trials may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations
to us in a timely manner, or at all; 

regulators
may require that we or our investigators suspend or terminate clinical development for various reasons, including noncompliance with
regulatory requirements or a finding that the participants are being exposed to unacceptable health risks; 

the
cost of clinical trials of our products may be greater than we anticipate; 

the
supply or quality of our products or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials of our products may be insufficient or inadequate; 

31 

the
COVID-19 pandemic may cause delays and disruptions in the supply chain, clinical trials, clinical development, and regulatory approval
process; and 

delays
from our suppliers and manufacturers could impact clinical trial completion and impact revenue. 

If
we are required to conduct additional clinical trials or other testing of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology
under development beyond those that we contemplate, if we are unable to successfully complete clinical trials, if the results of these
trials or tests are not favorable or if there are safety concerns, we may: 

not
obtain marketing approval at all; 

be
delayed in obtaining marketing approval for our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology under development in a
jurisdiction; 

be
subject to additional post-marketing testing requirements; or 

have
our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology removed from the market after obtaining marketing approval. 

Our
development costs will also increase if we experience delays in testing or marketing approvals, including, but not limited to, the COVID-19
pandemic. We do not know whether any of our clinical trials will begin as planned, will need to be restructured or will be completed
on schedule, or at all. Significant clinical trial delays also could allow our competitors to bring innovative products to market before
we do and impair our ability to successfully commercialize our products. 

Even
if we obtain regulatory approval for our products, we will remain subject to extensive regulatory scrutiny and compliance obligations. 

Both
before and after a product is commercially released, we will have ongoing responsibilities under FDA regulations. We will also be subject
to periodic inspections by the FDA and comparable foreign authorities to determine compliance with regulatory requirements, such as the
Quality System Regulation, or QSR, of the FDA, medical device reporting regulations and regulations regarding notification, corrections,
and recalls. These inspections can result in observations or reports, warning letters or other similar notices or forms of enforcement
action. If the FDA concludes that we are not in compliance with applicable laws or regulations, or that any of our products are ineffective
or pose an unreasonable health risk, it could ban these products, suspend or cancel our marketing authorizations, impose stop-sale 
and stop-import orders, detain or seize adulterated or misbranded products, order a recall, repair, replacement, correction
or refund of such products, or require us to notify health providers and others that the products present unreasonable risks of substantial
harm to the public health. Discovery of previously unknown problems with our product s design or manufacture may result in restrictions
on use, restrictions placed on us or our suppliers, or withdrawal of an existing regulatory clearance. The FDA may also impose operating
restrictions, enjoin and restrain certain violations of applicable law pertaining to medical devices, assess civil or criminal penalties
against our officers, employees or us, or recommend criminal prosecution of our Company. Adverse regulatory action may restrict us from
effectively marketing and selling our products. In addition, negative publicity and product liability claims resulting from any adverse
regulatory action could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

In
addition, even though we have obtained FDA clearance to market two of our products, and even if we obtain the proper regulatory approval
or clearance to market any additional products under development, the FDA has the power to require us to conduct post-market surveillance
studies, which are designed to identify adverse events, device malfunctions or complaints from patients implanted with the device during
a specified period after the commencement of commercial use in the U.S. The FDA may also require us to conduct post-approval studies
to further monitor the safety and/or effectiveness of our products. Failure to conduct required surveillance or studies in a timely manner
could result in the revocation of the approved PMA product that is subject to such a requirement and could also result in the recall
or withdrawal of the product, which would prevent us from generating sales from that product in the United States. 

32 

If
we are unable to expand our sales and marketing infrastructure, and execute other steps necessary to penetrate market opportunities and
produce our products, we may not be successful in commercializing our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology in
the United States. 

We
are an early stage development company with limited resources, and have not generated significant revenues to date. To achieve commercial
success and generate sufficient revenue in the United States for our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology, we
will need to further expand our sales and marketing infrastructure to drive adoption of our products, which will include a team of educators
that will train healthcare providers and people with brain related disorders on the benefits and use of our cortical strip, grid electrode
and depth electrode technology. There is significant competition for sales personnel experienced in relevant medical device sales. We
expect that we will face significant challenges as we recruit and subsequently grow our sales and marketing infrastructure. If we are
unable to attract and retain sufficient, and skilled, sales and marketing representatives, our sales could be adversely affected. If
one of our sales or marketing representatives were to depart and be retained by one of our competitors, they could help competitors solicit
business from customers, which could further harm our sales. In addition, if our sales and marketing representatives or educators fail
to achieve their objectives or if we are not able to recruit and retain a network of educators, we may not be able to successfully train
healthcare providers on the use of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology, which could delay new sales and
harm our reputation. 

As
we increase our sales and marketing expenditures with respect to our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology under
development, if approved, or future versions thereof, we will need to hire, train, retain and motivate skilled sales and marketing representatives
with significant industry-specific knowledge in various areas. Our success will depend largely on the competitive landscape for our products
and the ability of our sales personnel to obtain access to healthcare providers and persuade those healthcare providers to recommend
our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology. Recently hired sales representatives require training and take time
to achieve full productivity. If we fail to train new hires adequately, or if we experience high turnover in our sales force in the future,
we cannot be certain that new hires will become as productive as may be necessary to maintain or increase our sales. In addition, the
expansion of our sales and marketing personnel will place significant burdens on our management team. 

We
anticipate that we will derive nearly all of our U.S. revenue from the sales of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode
technology or future versions thereof. As a result, our financial condition and operating results will be highly dependent on the ability
of our sales representatives to adequately promote, market and sell our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology
and the ability of our educators to train healthcare providers on the use of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology.
If we are unable to expand our sales and marketing capabilities, we may not be able to effectively commercialize our existing or planned
products, or enhance the strength of our brand, either of which could impair our projected sales growth and have an adverse impact on
our business. 

Moreover,
we expect the revenue opportunity for additional uses of our technology to be greater than the technology and uses that have currently
been cleared by the FDA, and so we believe our ability to generate significant revenue in the future will be dependent upon the receipt
of additional FDA clearances. 

Our
revenue will be dependent, in part, upon the size of the markets in which we gain regulatory approval, the accepted price for the product,
the ability to obtain coverage and reimbursement, and whether we own the commercial rights for that territory. If the number of people
we target is not as significant as we estimate or the treatment population is narrowed by competition, physician choice or treatment
guidelines, we may not generate significant revenue from sales of such products, even if approved. 

The
success of any products that we develop will depend on several factors, including: 

receipt
of timely commercialization approvals from applicable regulatory authorities; 

our
ability to procure and maintain suppliers and manufacturers of the components of our current cortical strip, grid electrode and depth
electrode technology and future versions; 

33 

launching
commercial sales of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology, if approved for marketing; 

market
acceptance of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology, if approved, by people with epilepsy, Parkinson s
disease, dystonia, essential tremors, chronic pain due to failed back surgeries and other related neurological disorders, the medical
community and third-party payors; 

our
success in educating healthcare providers and people with epilepsy, Parkinson s disease, dystonia, essential tremors, chronic pain
due to failed back surgeries and other related neurological disorders about the benefits, administration and use of our cortical strip,
grid electrode and depth electrode technology and future versions; 

the
prevalence and severity of adverse events, including, but not limited to, events related to the COVID-19 pandemic; 

the
perceived advantages, cost, safety, convenience and accuracy of alternative therapies; 

obtaining
and maintaining patent, trademark and trade secret protection and regulatory exclusivity for our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth
electrode technology and otherwise protecting our rights in our intellectual property portfolio; 

maintaining
compliance with regulatory requirements, including current good manufacturing practices; and 

obtaining
and maintaining a continued acceptable performance and safety profile of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology
following approval. 

The
continuing development and commercialization of our products depends upon us maintaining strong relationships with academic and healthcare
institutions and professionals. 

If
we fail to maintain our strong working relationships with healthcare and academic institutions and their professionals such as the Mayo
Clinic, the Cleveland Clinic and Emory University, many of our products may not be developed and marketed in line with the needs and
expectations of the professionals who use and support our products, which could cause a decline in our earnings and profitability. The
development, marketing and sales of many of our products depends on our maintaining working relationships with healthcare institutions
and professionals. We rely on these professionals to provide us with considerable knowledge and experience regarding the development,
marketing and sale of our products. In addition, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, our access to these professionals has been limited
at times, and travel restrictions, shutdowns and similar measures have impacted our ability to maintain these relationships, thereby
affecting our ability to develop, gain regulatory clearance or approval and market our products. If we are unable to maintain strong
relationships with these institutions and professionals, the development and marketing of our products could suffer, which could have
a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 

Our
success depends on our ability to continue to develop, commercialize and gain market acceptance for our cortical strip, grid electrode
and depth electrode technology. 

Our
current business strategy is highly dependent on developing and commercially launching our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode
technology, and achieving and maintaining market acceptance. In order for us to sell cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode
technology to people with epilepsy, Parkinson s disease, dystonia, essential tremors, chronic pain due to failed back surgeries
and other related neurological disorders, we must convince them, their caregivers and healthcare providers that cortical strip, grid
electrode and depth electrode technology is an attractive alternative to competitive products for neuromodulation cEEG and sEEG recording,
ablation, and brain stimulation. Market acceptance and adoption of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology
depend on educating people with epilepsy, Parkinson s disease, dystonia, essential tremors, chronic pain due to failed back surgeries
and other related neurological disorders, as well as their caregivers and healthcare providers, and other perceived benefits of our cortical
strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology as compared to competitive products. We may face challenges convincing physicians,
many of whom have extensive experience with competitors products and established relationships with other companies, to appreciate
the benefits of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology and, in particular, our ability to successfully diagnose
and treat epilepsy, Parkinson s disease, dystonia, essential tremors, chronic pain due to failed back surgeries and other related
neurological disordersin a way that is superior to and differentiated from currently available technology, and adopt it for treatment
of their patients. 

34 

Achieving
and maintaining market acceptance of cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology could be negatively impacted by many
factors, including: 

the
failure of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology to achieve wide acceptance among people with epilepsy, Parkinson s
disease, dystonia, essential tremors, chronic pain due to failed back surgeries and other related neurological disorders, their caregivers,
healthcare providers, third-party payors and key opinion leaders in the community; 

lack
of evidence supporting the performance criteria or other perceived benefits of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode
technology over competitive products or other currently available technology; 

perceived
risks associated with the use of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology or similar products or technologies
generally; 

the
introduction of competitive products and the rate of acceptance of those products as compared to our cortical strip, grid electrode and
depth electrode technology; 

adverse
results of clinical trials relating to our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology or similar competitive products;
and 

loss
of regulatory clearance or approval for our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology, adverse publicity or other
adverse events including any product liability lawsuits. 

In
addition, our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology may be perceived by people with epilepsy, Parkinson s
disease, dystonia, essential tremors, chronic pain due to failed back surgeries and other related neurological disorders, their caregivers
or healthcare providers to be more complicated or less effective than current technology, and people may be unwilling to change their
current regimens. 

Moreover,
we believe that healthcare providers tend to be slow to change their medical treatment practices because of perceived liability risks
arising from the use of new products and the uncertainty of third-party reimbursement. Accordingly, healthcare providers may not recommend
our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology until, if ever, there is sufficient evidence to convince them to alter
the treatment methods they typically recommend, such as receiving recommendations from prominent healthcare providers or other key opinion
leaders in the community. 

If
we are not successful in convincing people with epilepsy, Parkinson s disease, dystonia, essential tremors, chronic pain due to
failed back surgeries and other related neurological disordersof the benefits of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode
technology, or if we are unable to achieve the support of caregivers and healthcare providers or widespread market acceptance for our
cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology, then our sales potential, strategic objectives and profitability could
be negatively impacted, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

35 

Failure
to secure or retain coverage or adequate reimbursement for our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology or future
versions thereof, including the implantation procedures, by third-party payors could adversely affect our business, financial condition
and operating results. 

We
plan to derive nearly all of our revenue from sales of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology under development,
if approved, in the United States and expect to do so for the next several years. We anticipate a substantial portion of the purchase
price of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology will be paid for by third-party payors, including private
insurance companies, preferred provider organizations and other managed care providers. Patients who receive treatment for their medical
conditions and their healthcare providers generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with
their medical treatment, including healthcare providers services. Coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors,
including governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and commercial payors, is critical to new product acceptance.
Future sales of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology will be limited unless people with epilepsy, Parkinson s
disease, dystonia, essential tremors, chronic pain due to failed back surgeries and other related neurological disorderscan rely on third-party
payors to pay for all or part of the cost to purchase our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology. Access to adequate
coverage and reimbursement for our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology by third-party payors is essential to
the acceptance of our products by people with epilepsy, Parkinson s disease, dystonia, essential tremors, chronic pain due to failed
back surgeries and other related neurological disorders. 

In
the United States, a third-party payor s decision to provide coverage for our products does not imply that an adequate reimbursement
rate will be obtained. Further, one third-party payor s decision to cover our products does not assure that other payors will also
provide coverage for the products or will provide coverage at an adequate reimbursement rate. Healthcare providers may choose not to
order a product unless third-party payors pay a substantial portion of the product. Within and outside the United States, reimbursement
is obtained from a variety of sources, including government-sponsored and private health insurance plans. These third-party payors determine
whether to provide coverage and reimbursement for specific products and procedures. Coverage determinations and reimbursement levels
of both our products and the healthcare provider s performance of the insertion and removal procedures are critical to the commercial
success of our product, and if we are not able to secure positive coverage determinations and reimbursement levels for our products or
the insertion and removal procedures, our business would be materially adversely affected. 

In
addition, there may be significant delays in obtaining reimbursement, and coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the
product is cleared by the FDA or other foreign regulatory authorities. Moreover, eligibility for reimbursement does not imply that any
product will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including research, development, manufacture, sale and distribution.
Payment rates may vary according to the use of the product and the clinical setting in which it is used, may be based on payments allowed
for lower cost products that are already reimbursed, and may be incorporated into existing payments for other services. Net prices for
products may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs or third-party payors and by any
future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of products from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the
United States. 

Because
there is generally no separate reimbursement for medical devices and other supplies used in such procedures, including our cortical strip,
grid electrode and depth electrode technology, and because we believe that our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology,
if approved, would be adequately described by existing DRG and ICD-9 codes for epilepsy surgery, some of our target customers may be
unwilling to adopt our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology over more established or lower cost therapeutic
alternatives already available or subsequently become available. Further, any decline in the amount payors are willing to reimburse our
customers for procedures using our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology could make it difficult for new customers
to adopt our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology and could create additional pricing pressure for us, which
could adversely affect our ability to invest in and grow our business. 

Third-party
payors, whether governmental or commercial, are developing increasingly sophisticated methods of controlling healthcare costs. In addition,
in the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for medical device products and services exists among third-party
payors. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for medical device products and services can differ significantly from payor to payor.
In addition, payors continually review new technologies for possible coverage and can, without notice, deny coverage for these new products
and procedures. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to
provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate
reimbursement will be obtained, or maintained if obtained. 

If
sufficient coverage and reimbursement is not available for our any product we develop, in the United States, the demand for our products
and our revenues will be adversely affected. 

36 

Reimbursement
by Medicare is highly regulated and subject to change. 

The
Medicare program is administered by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, which imposes extensive and detailed requirements
on medical services providers, including, but not limited to, rules that govern how we structure our relationships with physicians, and
how and where we provide our solutions. Our failure to comply with applicable Medicare rules could result in discontinuing the ability
for physicians to receive reimbursement as they will likely utilize our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology
under the Medicare payment program, civil monetary penalties, and/or criminal penalties, any of which could have a material adverse effect
on our business and revenues. 

If
our competitors are better able to develop and market products for the diagnosis and treatment of epilepsy, Parkinson s disease,
dystonia, essential tremors, chronic pain due to failed back surgeries and other related neurological disordersthat are safer, more effective,
less costly, easier to use or otherwise more attractive than our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology, our business
will be adversely impacted. 

The
medical device industry is highly competitive and subject to technological change. Our success depends, in part, upon our ability to
establish a competitive position in the market for the diagnosis and treatment of epilepsy, Parkinson s disease, dystonia, essential
tremors, chronic pain due to failed back surgeries and other related neurological disorders by securing broad market acceptance of our
cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology. Any product we develop that achieves regulatory clearance or approval
will have to compete for market acceptance and market share. We believe that the primary competitive factors of our cortical strip, grid
electrode and depth electrode technology will be: reduced infections, ability to record additional brain activity, minimally invasive
surgical procedure, ease of use and cost effectiveness. We face significant competition in the United States and internationally, which
we believe will intensify. For example, our major competitors are: (i) in the market for diagnosis, PMT, Ad-Tec Medical and Integra Lifesciences,
(ii) in the market for neuro-ablation, Medtronic and Monteris Medical and (iii) in the market for neurostimulation, Medtronic, Boston
Scientific, NeuroPace Biotronik and Abbott. Each of the foregoing competitors has systems approved in the United States and certain foreign
jurisdictions and has been established for several years. We face a particular challenge overcoming the long-standing practices by some
physicians of using the existing technology of our larger, more established competitors. Physicians may be reluctant to try new products
from a source with which they are less familiar. If these physicians do not try to subsequently adopt our product, then we may never
achieve profitability and such failure to adopt our product could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and operating results. 

Additionally,
the Mayo Clinic is conducting testing of its own minimally invasive cortical electrode delivery device. In the event the Mayo Clinic
completes development of its own device prior to us, we may forego completing development of our device and we may be unable to enter
into any arrangement with Mayo Clinic relating to its device. If we are unable to pursue the development of a minimally invasive cortical
electrode device, this may delay our ability to become profitable and we could be forced to terminate our operations. 

In
addition to facing competition from major competitors and potentially our development partner, we may also face competition from other
emerging competitors or smaller companies with active development programs that may emerge in the future. 

Many
of the companies developing or marketing competing products enjoy several advantages over us, including: 

more
experienced sales forces; 

greater
name recognition; 

more
established sales and marketing programs and distribution networks; 

earlier
regulatory clearance or approval in the United States or foreign jurisdictions; 

long
established relationships with physicians and hospitals; 

37 

significant
patent portfolios, including issued U.S. and foreign patents and pending patent applications, as well as the resources to enforce patents
against us or any of our third-party suppliers and distributors; 

the
ability to acquire and integrate our competitors and/or their technology; 

demonstrated
ability to develop product enhancements and new product offerings; 

established
history of product reliability, safety and durability; 

the
ability to offer rebates or bundle multiple product offerings to offer greater discounts or incentives; 

greater
financial and human resources for product development, sales, and marketing; and 

greater
experience in and resources for conducting research and development, clinical studies, manufacturing, preparing regulatory submissions,
obtaining regulatory clearance or approval for products and marketing approved products. 

Our
competitors may develop and patent processes or products earlier than us, obtain patents that may apply to us at any time, obtain regulatory
clearance or approvals for competing products more rapidly than us or develop more effective or less expensive products or technologies
that render our technology or products obsolete or less competitive. Furthermore, the frequent introduction by competitors of products
that are, or claim to be, superior to our products may create market confusion that may make it difficult to differentiate the benefits
of our products over competitive products. In addition, the entry of multiple new products may lead some of our competitors to employ
pricing strategies that could adversely affect the pricing of any product we may develop and commercialize. We also face fierce competition
in recruiting and retaining qualified sales, scientific, and management personnel, establishing clinical trial sites and enrolling patients
in clinical studies. If our competitors are more successful than us in these matters, our business may be harmed. 

The
size and future growth in the market for our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology under development has not
been established with precision and may be smaller than we estimate, possibly materially. If our estimates and projections overestimate
the size of this market, our sales growth may be adversely affected. 

Our
estimates of the size and future growth in the market for our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology under development,
including the number of people with epilepsy, Parkinson s disease, dystonia, essential tremors, chronic pain due to failed back
surgeries and other related neurological disorderswho may benefit from and be amenable to using cortical strip, grid electrode and depth
electrode technology for diagnosis and treatment, is based on a number of internal and third-party studies, reports and estimates. In
addition, our internal estimates are based in large part on current treatment patterns by healthcare providers using current generation
technology and our belief is that the incidence of epilepsy, Parkinson s disease, dystonia, essential tremors, chronic pain due
to failed back surgeries and other related neurological disorders in the United States and worldwide is increasing. While we believe
these factors have historically provided and may continue to provide us with effective tools in estimating the total market for cortical
strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology, these estimates may not be correct and the conditions supporting our estimates
may change at any time, thereby reducing the predictive accuracy of these underlying factors. The actual incidence of brain related disorders,
and the actual demand for our products or competitive products, could differ materially from our projections if our assumptions are incorrect.
As a result, our estimates of the size and future growth in the market for cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology
may prove to be incorrect. If the actual number of people with brain related disorders who would benefit from cortical strip, grid electrode
and depth electrode technology and the size and future growth in the market for cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology
is smaller than we have estimated, it may impair our projected sales growth and have an adverse impact on our business. 

38 

We
depend on intellectual property licensed from WARF for our technology, including our technology under development, and the termination
of this license would harm our business. 

WARF
has granted us the WARF License, to make, use and sell, in the United States only, products that employ certain licensed patents for
a neural probe array or thin-film micro electrode array and method. See Business WARF License for additional information
regarding our license agreement with WARF. 

WARF
may terminate this license in the event that we default on the payments of amounts due to WARF or fail to timely submit development reports,
actively pursue our development plan or breach any other covenant in the WARF License and fail to remedy such default in 90 days or in
the event of certain bankruptcy events involving us. WARF may also terminate this license if, after royalties earned on sales begin to
be paid, such earned royalties cease for more than four calendar quarters. The WARF License otherwise expires by its terms on the date
that no valid claims on the patents licensed thereunder remain. 

Disputes
may arise between us and WARF regarding intellectual property subject to this agreement, including with respect to: the scope of rights
granted under the WARF License and other interpretation-related issues; whether and the extent to which our technology and processes
infringe on intellectual property of WARF that is not subject to the WARF License; the amount and timing of milestones and royalty payments;
the rights of WARF under the license; our right to sublicense; and the ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the WARF License.
For example, if we or any of our sublicenses for any reason contest the validity of any patent licensed under the WARF License, the royalty
rate will be doubled during the pendency of such contest and, if the contested patent is found to be valid and would be infringed by
us if not for the WARF License, the royalty rate will be tripled for the remaining term of the WARF License. 

Any
disputes with WARF may prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangement. We depend on the intellectual property
licensed from WARF to develop our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology. The original license agreement entered
into with WARF in 2014 required that we meet certain milestones and make certain payments to WARF. We failed to do so and were in default
under the original license agreement. Furthermore, the LLC was not able to transfer the rights and obligations under the 2014 WARF Agreement
to us at the time of the Merger without the consent of WARF. As a result, in February 2017, we signed an amendment to the WARF License
which, among other things, modified and removed certain previous milestones and provided WARF s consent to such transfer. Because
of this past breach, WARF may be less likely to waive future defaults or breaches or further amend the WARF License in the future, to
the extent we request any waiver or amendment. See Note 4 Commitments and Contingencies included in Item 8
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Report. 

Termination
of our license could result in the loss of significant rights and would harm our ability to further develop our cortical strip, grid
electrode and depth electrode technology. In addition, WARF reserves the right to grant non-profit research institutions and government
agencies non-exclusive licenses to practice and use the inventions of the licensed patents for non-commercial research purposes, and
we grant WARF a non-exclusive, sub licensable, royalty-free right and license for non-commercial research purposes to use improvements
to the licensed patents. In the event that we discontinue use or commercialization of the licensed patents or improvements thereon, we
must grant WARF an option to obtain a non-exclusive, sub-licensable royalty-bearing license to use the improvements for commercial purposes.
Such rights, if exercised by WARF, could harm our ability to develop and commercialize our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode
technology. 

We
depend on our partnership with Mayo to license certain know how for the development and commercialization of our technology. Termination
of this partnership would harm our business, and even if this partnership continues, it may not be successful. 

We
have entered into the Mayo Development Agreement to (i) exclusively license worldwide certain Mayo improvements for the development and
commercialization of products, methods and processes related to flexible circuit technology for the recording and stimulation of tissue
and (ii) license, on a non-exclusive basis, worldwide Mayo thin film electrode technology know-how for the development and commercialization
of products, methods and processes related to flexible circuit technology for the recording and stimulation of tissue. Mayo has agreed
to assist the Company by providing access to the Mayo Principal Investigators in developing a minimally invasive device/delivery system
and procedure for a minimally invasive approach for the implantation of any flexible circuit technology developed by the Company, including
prototype development, animal testing, protocol development for human and animal use, abstract development and presentation and access
to and license of any intellectual property that the Mayo Principal Investigators develop relating to the procedure. See Business Mayo
Foundation for Medical Education and Research License and Development Agreement for additional information regarding our agreement
with Mayo. 

39 

The
Mayo Development Agreement generally will expire in October 2034, unless the Mayo know-how and improvements under the Mayo Development
Agreement remain in use, and the Mayo Development Agreement may be terminated by Mayo for cause or under certain circumstances. Mayo
and the Company may not be successful in their efforts to develop any product, method, process, device, delivery system or minimally
invasive approach by such expiration date or termination, if at all. If no such minimally invasive device or delivery system and procedure
for minimally invasive approach is developed, the Company may never receive regulatory approval of its cortical strip, grid electrode
and depth electrode technology under development or the market may never accept such technology, if approved. 

Disputes
may arise between us and Mayo regarding intellectual property subject to the Mayo Development Agreement or other matters, including with
respect to: the scope of rights granted under the agreement and other interpretation-related issues; the amount and timing of payments;
the rights and obligations of Mayo under the license agreement; and the ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint
creation or use of intellectual property by Mayo and us. 

Any
disputes with Mayo may prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current arrangement. We depend on the intellectual property licensed
from and development assistance from Mayo to develop our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology. We cannot assure
you that we will be able to continue to comply with the Mayo Development Agreement. In fact, the original license and development agreement
entered into with Mayo in 2014 required that, upon the Merger with the LLC, we make certain payments and issue shares of Common Stock
to Mayo, which we failed to do at such time. We signed the Mayo Development Agreement in May 2017, which, among other things, modified
or removed certain provisions of the original agreement, including those we breached. In addition, pursuant to the Mayo Development Agreement
signed in May 2017, we agreed to pay Mayo a cash payment of approximately 92,000 on the earlier of September 30, 2017 or the date we
raise a minimum amount of financing. We did not make this payment by September 30, 2017 and breached this provision of the Mayo Development
Agreement. Mayo granted us an extension of this deadline to December 31, 2017, and we made this payment within such extended deadline.
Because of our past breach, Mayo may be less likely to waive future defaults or breaches or further amend the Mayo Development Agreement
in the future, to the extent we request any waiver or amendment. Termination of the Mayo Development Agreement could result in the loss
of significant rights and would harm our ability to further develop our technology. 

We
depend on a limited number of third-party suppliers for the components of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology,
and the loss of any of these suppliers, or their inability to provide us with an adequate supply of materials, could harm our business. 

We
rely on third-party suppliers to supply and manufacture the components of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology.
For our business strategy to be successful, our suppliers must be able to provide us with components in sufficient quantities, in compliance
with regulatory requirements and quality control standards, in accordance with agreed upon specifications, at acceptable costs and on
a timely basis. Future increases in sales of our cortical strip and sheet electrode technology, if approved, whether expected or unanticipated,
could strain the ability of our suppliers to deliver an increasingly large supply of components and our cortical strip, grid electrode
and depth electrode technology in a manner that meets these various requirements. 

We
use a small number of suppliers of components for our products. Depending on a limited number of suppliers exposes us to risks, including
limited control over pricing, availability, quality and delivery schedules. We may not have long-term supply agreements with our suppliers
and, in many cases, we may make our purchases on a purchase order basis. Our ability to purchase adequate quantities of components or
our products may be limited and we may not be able to convince suppliers to make components and products available to us. Additionally,
our suppliers may encounter problems that limit their ability to supply components or manufacture products for us, including financial
difficulties, damage to their manufacturing equipment or facilities, product discontinuations, or complications arising in connection
with the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, there is a risk that certain components could be discontinued and no longer available to us.
We may be required to make significant last time purchases of component inventory that is being discontinued by the supplier
to ensure supply continuity. If we fail to obtain sufficient quantities of high quality components to meet demand for our products in
a timely manner or on terms acceptable to us, we would have to seek alternative sources of supply. Because of factors such as the proprietary
nature of our products, our quality control standards and regulatory requirements, we may not be able to quickly engage additional or
replacement suppliers for some of our critical components. Failure of any supplier to deliver components at the level our business requires
could disrupt the manufacturing of our products and, if approved, limit our ability to meet our sales commitments, which could harm our
reputation and adversely affect our business. 

40 

Furthermore,
vandalism, terrorism or a natural or other disaster, such as an earthquake, fire or flood, could damage or destroy equipment, our inventory
of component supplies or finished products, cause substantial delays in development or our operations, result in the loss of key information,
and cause us to incur additional expenses. We do not currently have insurance to cover such losses or expenses and, once we obtain such
insurance, it may not cover our losses in any particular case. In addition, regardless of the level of insurance coverage, damage to
our or our suppliers facilities could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We
may also have difficulty obtaining similar components from other suppliers that are acceptable to the FDA or other regulatory agencies,
and the failure of any supplier to comply with strictly enforced regulatory requirements could expose us to regulatory action including
warning letters, product recalls, and termination of distribution, product seizures or civil penalties. It could also require us to cease
using the components, seek alternative components or technologies and modify our products to incorporate alternative components or technologies,
which could result in a requirement to seek additional regulatory approvals. Any disruption of this nature or increased expenses could
harm our development, approval or commercialization efforts and adversely affect our operating results. 

See
 The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted, and may continue to impact, our business above. 

We
contract with third parties for the manufacture of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology, including our under
development and expect to continue to do so for clinical trials and commercialization. Risks associated with the manufacturing of our
products could reduce our gross margins and negatively affect our operating results. 

We
currently rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties for the manufacture of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth
electrode technology. Therefore, our business strategy depends on our third-party manufacturers ability to manufacture our cortical
strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology and future generations thereof in sufficient quantities and on a timely basis so
as to meet consumer demand, while adhering to product quality standards, complying with regulatory requirements and managing manufacturing
costs. To date, we have only manufactured small quantities of our cortical electrodes. As a result, we currently have limited data and
experience regarding the quality, reliability and timeliness of our third-party manufacturers. 

We
are subject to numerous risks relating to the manufacturing capabilities of our third-party manufacturers, including: 

quality
or reliability defects; 

inability
to secure product components in a timely manner, in sufficient quantities or on commercially reasonable terms; 

failure
to increase production to meet demand; 

inability
to modify production lines to enable us to efficiently produce future products or implement changes in current products in response to
regulatory requirements; 

difficulty
identifying and qualifying alternative manufacturers in a timely manner; 

inability
to manufacture product components cost-effectively; 

inability
to establish agreements with future third-party manufacturers or to do so on acceptable terms; 

41 

potential damage to or destruction of our manufacturers equipment or facilities; 

failure
to complete sterilization on time or in compliance with the required regulatory standards; 

transportation
and import and export risk; 

delays
in analytical results or failure of analytical techniques that we will depend on for quality control and release of products; 

natural
disasters, labor disputes, financial distress, raw material availability, issues with facilities and equipment or other forms of disruption
to business operations affecting our manufacturers or suppliers; or 

latent
defects that may become apparent after products have been released and that may result in a recall of such products. 

These
risks are likely to be exacerbated by our limited experience with our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology and
its manufacturing process. As demand for our products increases, our third-party suppliers will need to invest additional resources to
purchase components, hire and train employees, and enhance their manufacturing processes. If our manufacturers fail to increase production
capacity efficiently, our sales may not increase in line with our expectations and our operating margins could fluctuate or decline.
In addition, manufacturing any future versions of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology may require the modification
of production lines, the identification of new manufacturers for specific components, or the development of new manufacturing technologies.
It may not be possible for us to manufacture these products at a cost or in quantities sufficient to make any future versions of our
cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology commercially viable. 

Potential
complications from our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology that are currently unknown may come to light. 

Based
on our industry experience and the experience of the physicians that use products similar to our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth
electrode technology, complications from use of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology may include post-operative
hemorrhage, infection, brain inflammation, brain tissue necrosis, inability to accurately localize the epileptogenic focus (the area
of the cerebral cortex responsible for causing epileptic seizures), neurologic deficit (abnormal function of a body area due to weaker
function of the brain, spinal cord, muscles or nerves, such as abnormal reflexes, inability to speak and decreased sensation) and extra
axial fluid collections (fluid that occurs in the brain after surgery). If these or unanticipated complications or side-effects result
from the use of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology, our product development may be delayed, we may not
be able to obtain regulatory clearance or approval for certain products, we could be subject to liability and, even for cleared/approved
products, our technology would not be widely adopted. We cannot assure you that use, even for a limited time, would not result in unanticipated
complications, even after the device is removed. 

Undetected
errors or defects in our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology under development or future versions thereof could
harm our reputation, decrease the market acceptance of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology or expose us
to product liability claims adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations or liquidity. 

Our
cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology may contain undetected errors or defects. As a result, we may be subject
to warranty and liability claims for damages related to errors or defects in such products. A material liability claim or other occurrence
that harms our reputation or decreases market acceptance of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology could harm
our business and operating results. This risk exists even if a device is cleared or approved for commercial sale and manufactured in
facilities licensed and regulated by the FDA or an applicable foreign regulatory authority. Our products are designed to affect, and
any future products will be designed to affect, important bodily functions and processes. Any side effects, manufacturing defects, misuse
or abuse associated with our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology or future versions thereof could result in
patient injury or death. The medical device industry has historically been subject to extensive litigation over product liability claims,
and we cannot offer any assurance that we will not face product liability lawsuits. 

42 

The
sale and use of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology or future versions thereof could lead to the filing
of product liability claims if someone were to allege that our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology or one of
our products contained a design or manufacturing defect. A product liability claim could result in substantial damages and be costly
and time consuming to defend, either of which could materially harm our business or financial condition. Product liability claims may
be brought against us by patients, healthcare providers or others selling or otherwise coming into contact with our products, among others.
If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we will incur substantial liabilities and reputational harm.
In addition, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, product liability claims may result in: 

litigation; 

distraction
of management s attention from our primary business; 

the
inability to commercialize our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology; 

decreased
demand; 

damage
to our business reputation; 

product
recalls or withdrawals from the market; 

withdrawal
of clinical trial participants; 

substantial
monetary awards or settlements to patients or other claimants; or 

loss
of revenue. 

Product
liability lawsuits and claims, safety alerts or product recalls, with or without merit, could cause us to incur substantial costs, delay
our product development efforts, place a significant strain on our financial resources, divert the attention of management from our core
business, harm our reputation, increase our product liability insurance rates, once we obtain such insurance, or prevent us from securing
such insurance coverage in the future and adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers, if approved, any of which could
harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We
currently maintain commercial product liability insurance with an aggregate limit of 5,000,000. We cannot be assured that such insurance
would adequately protect our assets from the financial impact of defending a product liability claim because these policies typically
have substantial deductibles. Product liability claims in excess of applicable insurance coverage would negatively impact our business,
financial condition and operating results. Insurance coverage varies in cost and can be difficult to obtain, and we cannot guarantee
that we will be able to obtain insurance coverage in the future on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

We
depend on sophisticated information technology systems, and any breach or disruption affecting these systems could adversely affect our
business, financial condition and operating results. 

The
efficient operation of our business depends on our information technology systems, which we use to manage product development tasks,
research and development data and accounting and financial functions. In the future, we may rely on our information technology systems
for inventory management and technical support functions. Our information technology systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption
from earthquakes, fires, floods, other natural disasters, terrorist attacks, attacks by computer viruses or hackers, power losses, and
computer system or data network failures. 

43 

In
addition, our data management application and a variety of our software systems are hosted by third-party service providers whose security
and information technology systems are subject to similar risks. If our, or our third-party service provider s, security systems
are breached or fail, unauthorized persons may be able to obtain access to sensitive data. 

To
the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of, or damage to, our data or applications, or inappropriate
disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability. The failure of our or our service providers information
technology systems or our transmitter s software to perform as we anticipate or our failure to effectively implement new information
technology systems could disrupt our entire operation, adversely affect our products, or result in delays in our product development,
clinical trial or commercialization efforts, increased overhead costs and damage our reputation. Any of these results could negatively
affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Zimmer
has exclusive global rights to distribute our strip and grid cortical electrodes and electrode cable assembly products. Zimmer s
failure to timely develop or commercialize these products would have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results.
Further, our inability to agree with Zimmer on dates of completion for product development, regulatory clearance and commercialization
milestones on which various fee payments to the Company are based under the Zimmer Development Agreement could have a material adverse
impact on our financial and operating results. 

The
Company granted Zimmer an exclusive global right to distribute our strip and grid cortical electrodes and electrode cable assembly products.
Additionally, we granted Zimmer the exclusive right and license to distribute certain depth electrodes developed by the Company. The
collaboration with Zimmer may not be successful due to several factors, including the following: 

Zimmer
may not be able to obtain from us or manufacture our products in a timely or cost-effective manner; 

Zimmer
may not timely perform its obligations under the Zimmer Development Agreement; 

Zimmer
may fail to effectively commercialize our products; or 

contractual
disputes or other disagreements between us and Zimmer, including those regarding the development, manufacture, and commercialization
of our products, interpretation of the Zimmer Development Agreement, and ownership of proprietary rights. 

Any
of the foregoing could adversely impact the likelihood and timing of any payments we are eligible to receive under the Zimmer Development
Agreement. Neither the Product Availability Date nor the Acceptance of all Deliverables for SEEG Products under the Development Plan
(which are key milestones for payments under the Development Agreement) has occurred. In September 2021, the Company received 510(k)
clearance from the FDA to market its Evo sEEG Electrode technology for temporary (less than 24 hours) use with recording, monitoring,
and stimulation equipment for the recording, monitoring, and stimulation of electrical signals at the subsurface level of the brain.
FDA clearance is one condition of the Product Availability Date. However, the Company does not intend to deliver saleable product to
Zimmer if and until it receives regulatory clearance to expand the use of its Evo sEEG Electrode technology for up to 30 days, at which
point the Company and Zimmer intend to commence negotiations regarding payments by Zimmer under the Development Agreement notwithstanding
the deadlines under the Development Agreement for the Product Availability Date and the Acceptance of all Deliverables for SEEG Products.
Accordingly, the amount of the SEEG Exclusivity Maintenance Fee and the Interim Fee Bonus that we may receive under the Development Agreement
will depend on the outcome of such negotiations, and we cannot guarantee any particular outcome. 

Moreover,
the Company is reliant on Zimmer to drive the commercialization and sales of our products. If Zimmer does not perform its obligations
under the Zimmer Development Agreement, we may be forced to incur material expenses to build a sales organization and infrastructure
to market our products which sales would be substantially delayed and could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results
of operations and prospects and would likely cause our stock price to decline. 

44 

We
have entered into, and may enter into additional collaborations, in-licensing arrangements, joint ventures, strategic alliances or partnerships
with third-parties that may not result in the development of commercially viable products or the generation of significant future revenues. 

In
the ordinary course of our business, we may enter into collaborations, in-licensing arrangements, joint ventures, strategic alliances,
partnerships or other arrangements to develop products and to pursue new markets. Proposing, negotiating and implementing collaborations,
in-licensing arrangements, joint ventures, strategic alliances or partnerships may be a lengthy and complex process. Other companies,
including those with substantially greater financial, marketing, sales, technology or other business resources, may compete with us for
these opportunities or arrangements. We may not identify, secure, or complete any such transactions or arrangements in a timely manner,
on a cost-effective basis, on acceptable terms or at all. We have limited institutional knowledge and experience with respect to these
business development activities, and we may also not realize the anticipated benefits of any such transaction or arrangement. In particular,
these collaborations may not result in the development of products that achieve commercial success or result in significant revenues
and could be terminated prior to developing any products. 

Additionally,
we may not be in a position to exercise sole decision making authority regarding the transaction or arrangement, which could create the
potential risk of creating impasses on decisions, and our future collaborators may have economic or business interests or goals that
are, or that may become, inconsistent with our business interests or goals. It is possible that conflicts may arise with our collaborators,
such as conflicts concerning the achievement of performance milestones, or the interpretation of significant terms under any agreement,
such as those related to financial obligations or the ownership or control of intellectual property developed during the collaboration.
If any conflicts arise with any future collaborators, they may act in their self-interest, which may be adverse to our best interest,
and they may breach their obligations to us. In addition, we may have limited control over the amount and timing of resources that any
future collaborators devote to our or their future products. Disputes between us and our collaborators may result in litigation or arbitration
which would increase our expenses and divert the attention of our management. Further, these transactions and arrangements will be contractual
in nature and will generally be terminable under the terms of the applicable agreements and, in such event, we may not continue to have
rights to the products relating to such transaction or arrangement or may need to purchase such rights at a premium. 

If
we enter into in-bound intellectual property license agreements, we may not be able to fully protect the licensed intellectual property
rights or maintain those licenses. Future licensors could retain the right to prosecute and defend the intellectual property rights licensed
to us, in which case we would depend on the ability of our licensors to obtain, maintain and enforce intellectual property protection
for the licensed intellectual property. These licensors may determine not to pursue litigation against other companies or may pursue
such litigation less aggressively than we would. Further, entering into such license agreements could impose various diligence, commercialization,
royalty or other obligations on us. Future licensors may allege that we have breached our license agreement with them, and accordingly
seek to terminate our license, which could adversely affect our competitive business position and harm our business prospects. 

Risks
Related to our Intellectual Property 

Our
ability to protect our intellectual property and proprietary technology is uncertain. 

The
medical device market in which we operate is largely technology driven. We rely primarily on patent, trademark and trade secret laws,
as well as confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements, to protect our intellectual property and proprietary technologies. We continue
to review new technological developments in order to make decisions about what additional filings would be the most appropriate for us.
We also plan to seek patent protection for our proprietary technology in select countries internationally. If we fail to timely file
a patent application in any jurisdiction, we may be precluded from doing so at a later date. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that any
patent application will be approved in a timely manner or at all. The rights granted to us under our patents, and the rights we are seeking
to have granted in our pending patent applications, may not be meaningful or provide us with any commercial advantage. In addition, those
rights could be opposed, contested or circumvented by our competitors, or be declared invalid or unenforceable in judicial or administrative
proceedings. The failure of our patents to adequately protect our technology might make it easier for our competitors to offer the same
or similar products or technologies. Even if we are successful in receiving patent protection for certain products and processes, our
competitors may be able to design around our patents or develop products that provide outcomes which are comparable to ours without infringing
on our intellectual property rights. Due to differences between foreign and U.S. patent laws, our patented intellectual property rights
may not receive the same degree of protection in foreign countries as they would in the United States. Even if patents are granted outside
the United States, effective enforcement in those countries may not be available. 

45 

We rely on our trademarks and trade names to
distinguish our products from the products of our competitors, and have registered or applied to register many of these trademarks. For
example, we have a registered U.S. trademark for the EVO trademark. We cannot assure you that our trademark applications
will be approved in a timely manner or at all. Third parties also may oppose our trademark applications, or otherwise challenge our use
of the trademarks. In the event that our trademarks are successfully challenged, we could be forced to rebrand our products, which could
result in loss of brand recognition, and could require us to devote additional resources to marketing new brands. Further, we cannot
assure you that competitors will not infringe upon our trademarks, or that we will have adequate resources to enforce our trademarks. 

We
also rely on trade secrets, know-how and technology, which are not protectable by patents, to maintain our competitive position. We try
to protect this information by entering into confidentiality agreements and intellectual property assignment agreements with our officers,
employees, temporary employees and consultants regarding our intellectual property and proprietary technology. In the event of unauthorized
use or disclosure or other breaches of those agreements, we may not be provided with meaningful protection for our trade secrets or other
proprietary information. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. To
the extent that our commercial partners, collaborators, employees and consultants use intellectual property owned by others in their
work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in the related or resulting know-how and inventions. If any of our trade secrets, know-how
or other technologies not protected by a patent were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor, our business, financial
condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

If
a competitor infringes upon one of our patents, trademarks or other intellectual property rights, enforcing those patents, trademarks
and other rights may be difficult and time-consuming. Patent law relating to the scope of claims in the industry in which we operate
is subject to rapid change and constant evolution and, consequently, patent positions in our industry can be uncertain. Even if successful,
litigation to defend our patents and trademarks against challenges or to enforce our intellectual property rights could be expensive
and time consuming and could divert management s attention from managing our business. Moreover, we may not have sufficient resources
or desire to defend our patents or trademarks against challenges or to enforce our intellectual property rights. Litigation also puts
our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing. Additionally, we
may provoke third-parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies
awarded, if any, may not be commercially valuable. The occurrence of any of these events may harm our business, financial condition and
operating results. 

There
is limited market awareness of our technology, and we may not be able to establish or strengthen our brand. 

There
is currently limited market awareness of our technology. We believe that establishing and strengthening our brand is critical to achieving
widespread acceptance of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology. Promoting and positioning our brand, and
increasing market awareness of our technology, will depend largely on the success of our marketing efforts and our ability to provide
physicians with a reliable product for successful treatment of brain-related disorders. Additionally, we believe the quality and reliability
of our product is critical to building physician support in the United States, and any negative publicity regarding the quality or reliability
of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology could significantly damage our reputation in the market. Further,
given the established nature of our competitors, it is likely that our future marketing efforts will require us to incur significant
additional expenses. These brand promotion activities may not yield increased sales and, even if they do, any sales increases may not
offset the expenses we incur to promote our brand. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brand, or if we incur substantial
expenses in an unsuccessful attempt to promote and maintain our brand, our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology
may not be accepted by physicians, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We
could become subject to patent litigation that could be costly, result in the diversion of management s time and efforts, stop
our development and commercialization measures or require us to pay damages. 

Our
success will depend in part on not infringing the patents or violating the other proprietary rights of third-parties. Significant litigation
regarding patent rights exists in our industry. Our competitors in both the United States and abroad, many of which have substantially
greater resources and have made substantial investments in competing technologies, may have applied for or obtained or may in the future
apply for and obtain, patents that will prevent, limit or otherwise interfere with our ability to make and sell our products. The large
number of patents, the rapid rate of new patent issuances, and the complexities of the technology involved increase the risk of patent
litigation. 

46 

In
the future, we could receive communications from various industry participants alleging our infringement of their intellectual property
rights. Any potential intellectual property litigation could force us to do one or more of the following: 

stop
selling our products or using technology that contains the allegedly infringing intellectual property; 

incur
significant legal expenses; 

pay
substantial damages to the party whose intellectual property rights we are allegedly infringing; 

redesign
those products that contain the allegedly infringing intellectual property; or 

attempt
to obtain a license to the relevant intellectual property from third-parties, which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all,
and if available, may be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technology. 

Patent
litigation can involve complex factual and legal questions, and its outcome is uncertain. Any litigation or claim against us, even those
without merit, may cause us to incur substantial costs, and could place a significant strain on our financial resources, divert the attention
of management from our core business and harm our reputation. Further, as the number of participants in the neurostimulation market increases,
the possibility of intellectual property infringement claims against us increases. 

We
may be subject to damages resulting from claims that we, or our employees, have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of
our competitors or are in breach of non-competition or non-solicitation agreements with our competitors. 

Some
of our current or future employees may have previously been employed at other medical device companies, including those that are our
direct competitors or could potentially be our direct competitors. We may be subject to claims that we, or our employees, have inadvertently
or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary information of these former employers or competitors. In addition,
we may in the future be subject to allegations that we caused an employee to breach the terms of his or her non-competition or non-solicitation
agreement. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. 

We
are currently subject to litigation with the former employer of a current employee of NeuroOne, which is described in more detail under
 Note 4 Commitments and Contingencies included in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
in this Annual Report . 

Even
if we successfully defend against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs place a significant strain on our financial
resources, divert the attention of management from our core business and harm our reputation. If our defense to those claims fails, in
addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. There can be no assurance that this
type of litigation will not occur, and any future litigation or the threat thereof may adversely affect our ability to hire additional
employees. A loss of key personnel or their work product could hamper or prevent our ability to commercialize our cortical strip, grid
electrode and depth electrode technology or future versions thereof, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and operating results. 

47 

Intellectual
property rights do not necessarily address all potential threats to our competitive advantage. 

The
degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations,
and may not adequately protect our business, or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. The following examples are illustrative: 

others
may be able to make devices that are the same as or similar to our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology but
that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we own; 

we
or any collaborators might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by the issued patents or pending patent applications
that we own; 

we
might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of our inventions; 

others
may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing our intellectual
property rights; 

it
is possible that our pending patent applications will not lead to issued patents; 

issued
patents that we own may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be held invalid or unenforceable as a result of legal
challenges; 

we
might enforce our patent rights or defend a challenge to our issued patents or pending application, putting the patents and patent applications
at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly; 

our
competitors might conduct research and development activities in the United States and other countries that provide a safe harbor from
patent infringement claims for certain research and development activities, as well as in countries where we do not have patent rights,
and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; and 

we
may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable. 

Risks
Related to our Legal and Regulatory Environment 

Our
products and operations are subject to extensive governmental regulation, and any adverse regulatory action may materially adversely
affect our financial condition and business operations. 

Our
medical devices and technologies and business activities, including marketing, manufacturing, sales and development processes, are subject
to regulation by the FDA, U.S. Department of Justice, Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General, and other federal
and state, governmental authorities. These governmental authorities enforce laws and regulations that are meant to assure product safety
and effectiveness, including the regulation of, among other things: 

product
design and development; 

pre-clinical
studies and clinical trials; 

product
safety; 

establishment
registration and product listing; 

labeling,
content and language of instructions for use and storage; 

marketing,
manufacturing, sales and distribution; 

pre-market
clearance or approval; 

48 

servicing
and post-market surveillance; 

record-keeping
procedures; 

product
import and export; 

advertising
and promotion; and 

recalls
and field safety corrective actions. 

The
regulations to which we are subject are complex and have tended to become more stringent over time. Regulatory changes could result in
restrictions on our ability to carry on or expand our operations, higher than anticipated costs or lower than anticipated revenues. 

Failure
to comply with applicable regulations could jeopardize our ability to sell our products and result in enforcement actions such as fines,
civil penalties, injunctions, warning letters, recalls of products, delays in the introduction of products into the market, refusal of
the regulatory agency or other regulators to grant future clearances or approvals, and the suspension or withdrawal of existing approvals
by such regulatory agencies. Any of these sanctions could result in higher than anticipated costs or lower than anticipated sales and
harm our reputation, business, financial condition and operating results. 

A
recall of our products, or the discovery of serious safety issues with our products, could have a significant negative impact on us. 

The
FDA has the authority to require the recall of commercialized products in the event of material deficiencies or defects in design or
manufacture or in the event that a product poses an unacceptable risk to health. Our third-party suppliers may, under their own initiative,
recall a product if any material deficiency in a device is found. A government-mandated or voluntary recall by us or one of our third-party
distributors, if any, could occur as a result of an unacceptable risk to health, component failures, manufacturing errors, design or
labeling defects or other deficiencies and issues. Recalls of any of our products would divert managerial and financial resources and
have an adverse effect on our reputation, financial condition and operating results, which could impair our ability to produce our products
in a cost-effective and timely manner. 

Further,
under the FDA s medical device reporting regulations, we are required to report to the FDA any incident in which our product may
have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or in which our product malfunctioned and, if the malfunction were to recur,
would likely cause or contribute to death or serious injury. Repeated product malfunctions may result in a voluntary or involuntary product
recall, which could divert managerial and financial resources, impair our ability to manufacture our products in a cost-effective and
timely manner and have an adverse effect on our reputation, financial condition and operating results. 

Any
adverse event involving our products could result in future voluntary corrective actions, such as recalls or customer notifications,
or regulatory agency action, which could include inspection, mandatory recall or other enforcement action. Any corrective action, whether
voluntary or involuntary, will require the dedication of our time and capital, distract management from operating our business and may
harm our reputation and financial results. 

49 

We
are subject to additional federal, state and foreign laws and regulations relating to our healthcare business; our failure to comply
with those laws could have an adverse impact on our business. 

Although
we will not provide healthcare services, submit claims for third-party reimbursement, or receive payments directly from government health
insurance programs or other third-party payors for our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology, we are subject
to healthcare fraud and abuse regulation and enforcement by federal, state and foreign governments, which could adversely impact our
business. Healthcare fraud and abuse and health information privacy and security laws potentially applicable to our operations include,
but are not limited to: 

the
Anti-Kickback Statute, which will apply to our marketing practices, educational programs, pricing policies and relationships with healthcare
providers, by prohibiting, among other things, soliciting, receiving, offering or providing remuneration intended to induce the purchase
or recommendation of an item or service reimbursable under a federal healthcare program, such as the Medicare or Medicaid programs. A
person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it to have committed a violation; 

federal
civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalty laws, including civil whistleblower or qui tam actions that prohibit,
among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment or approval to the federal government that are
false or fraudulent, knowingly making a false statement material to an obligation to pay or transmit money or property to the federal
government or knowingly concealing or knowingly and improperly avoiding or decreasing an obligation to pay or transmit money or property
to the federal government. The government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the Anti-Kickback
Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the false claims statutes; 

HIPAA,
and its implementing regulations, which created federal criminal laws that prohibit, among other things, executing a scheme to defraud
any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters. A person or entity does not need to have actual
knowledge of these statutes or specific intent to violate them; 

HIPAA,
as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, and their implementing regulations, also
imposes certain regulatory and contractual requirements regarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable
health information; 

federal
 sunshine requirements imposed by the ACA on device manufacturers regarding any transfer of value made or
distributed to physicians and teaching hospitals. Failure to submit required information may result in civil monetary penalties of up
to an aggregate of 150,000 per year (or up to an aggregate of 1 million per year for knowing failures ), for all payments,
transfers of value or ownership or investment interests that are not timely, accurately, and completely reported in an annual submission.
Manufacturers must submit reports by the 90th day of each subsequent calendar year; 

federal
consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers; 

state
law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws that may apply to items or services reimbursed
by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers; state laws that require device companies to comply with the industry s
voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government or otherwise restrict payments
that may be made to healthcare providers; state laws that require device manufacturers to report information related to payments and
other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures; and state laws governing the privacy
and security of certain health information, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA;
and 

The
risk of our being found in violation of these laws and regulations is increased by the fact that the scope and enforcement of these laws
is uncertain, many of them have not been fully interpreted by the regulatory authorities or the courts, their provisions are open to
a variety of interpretations, or they vary country by country. We are unable to predict what additional federal, state or foreign legislation
or regulatory initiatives may be enacted in the future regarding our business or the healthcare industry in general, or what effect such
legislation or regulations may have on us. Federal, state or foreign governments may (i) impose additional restrictions or adopt interpretations
of existing laws that could have a material adverse effect on us or (ii) challenge our current or future activities under these laws.
Any of these challenges could impact our reputation, business, financial condition and operating results. 

50 

If
our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us
now or in the future, we may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement of profits,
exclusion from governmental health care programs, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely
affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. Any federal, state or foreign regulatory review to which we may
become subject, regardless of the outcome, would be costly and time-consuming. 

For
example, to enforce compliance with the federal laws, the U.S. Department of Justice, or DOJ, has recently increased its scrutiny of
interactions between healthcare companies and healthcare providers, which has led to a number of investigations, prosecutions, convictions
and settlements in the healthcare industry. Dealing with investigations can be time and resource consuming and can divert management s
attention from our core business. Additionally, if we settle an investigation with law enforcement or other regulatory agencies, we may
be forced to agree to additional onerous compliance and reporting requirements as part of a consent decree or corporate integrity agreement.
Any such investigation or settlement could increase our costs or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business. 

We
may be liable if the FDA or another regulatory agency concludes that we have engaged in the off-label promotion of our products. 

Our
promotional materials and training methods must comply with FDA and other applicable laws and regulations, including the prohibition
of the promotion of the off-label use of our products. Healthcare providers may use our products, if approved, off-label, as the FDA
does not restrict or regulate a physician s choice of treatment within the practice of medicine. However, if the FDA determines
that our promotional materials or training constitute promotion of an off-label use, it could request that we modify our training or
promotional materials or subject us to regulatory or enforcement actions, including the issuance of an untitled letter, a warning letter,
injunction, seizure, civil fine and criminal penalties. It is also possible that other federal, state or foreign enforcement authorities
might take action if they consider our promotional or training materials to constitute promotion of an unapproved use, which could result
in significant fines or penalties. Although we intend to train our marketing and direct sales force to not promote our products for uses
outside of their cleared uses and our policy will be to refrain from statements that could be considered off-label promotion of our products,
the FDA or another regulatory agency could disagree and conclude that we have engaged in off-label promotion. In addition, the off-label
use of our products may increase the risk of product liability claims. Product liability claims are expensive to defend and could result
in substantial damage awards against us and harm our reputation. 

Legislative
or regulatory healthcare reforms may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results or operations and cash
flows. 

Recent
political, economic and regulatory influences are subjecting the healthcare industry to fundamental changes. The sales of our products
depend in part on the availability of coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors such as government health administration authorities,
private health insurers, health maintenance organizations and other healthcare-related organizations. Both the federal and state governments
in the United States continue to propose and pass new legislation and regulations designed to contain or reduce the cost of healthcare.
This legislation and regulation may result in decreased reimbursement for medical devices, which may further exacerbate industry-wide
pressure to reduce the prices charged for medical devices. This could harm our ability to market our products and generate sales. 

In
addition, FDA regulations and guidance are often revised or reinterpreted by the FDA in ways that may significantly affect our business
and our products. Any new regulations or revisions or reinterpretations of existing regulations may impose additional costs or lengthen
review times of our products. Delays in receipt of or failure to receive regulatory clearances or approvals for our products would harm
our business, financial condition and operating results. 

While
one often stated goal of healthcare reform is to expand coverage to more individuals, it also involves increased government price controls,
additional regulatory mandates and other measures designed to constrain medical costs. For example, the ACA and Health Care and Education
Affordability Reconciliation Act of 2010 were enacted into law in the U.S. in March 2010. Certain provisions of this law, including comparative
effectiveness research, pilot programs to evaluate alternative payment methodologies and other changes to the payment systems, have started
changing the way healthcare is delivered, reimbursed and funded. While the extent to which it has affected our business is not clear,
these changes, over the long-term, may adversely affect our business and results of operations. The current U.S. administration may attempt
to reverse some of the previous administration s changes to the ACA, particularly related to healthcare coverage for the uninsured,
and is further expected to introduce more ambitious healthcare legislation, which could include what is commonly referred to as a public
option or changes to Medicare age requirements. If passed, this legislation would lead to increased coverage levels and utilization
of services; however, at this point, the impact of any such changes is unclear because specific changes have not been enacted or implemented. 

51 

We
cannot predict whether any additional healthcare reform proposals will be adopted or how such proposals may impact our business and operations.
However, any changes that lower reimbursements for either our products or procedures using our products, reduce medical procedure volumes,
increase cost containment pressures on us or others in the healthcare sector, or impose additional or heightened regulatory requirements
could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Risks
Related to our Common Stock 

The
price of our Common Stock might fluctuate significantly, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Volatility
in the market price of our Common Stock may prevent you from being able to sell your shares of our Common Stock at or above the price
you paid for your shares. The trading price of our Common Stock may be volatile and subject to wide price fluctuations in response to
various factors, including: 

actual
or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial and operating results; 

our
progress toward developing our cortical strip and sheet electrode technology; 

the
commencement, enrollment and results of our future clinical trials; 

adverse
results from, delays in or termination of our clinical trials; 

adverse
regulatory decisions, including failure to receive regulatory approval; 

publication
of research reports about us or our industry or positive or negative recommendations or withdrawal of research coverage by securities
analysts, if any; 

perceptions
about the market acceptance of our products and the recognition of our brand; 

adverse
publicity about our products or industry in general; 

overall
performance of the equity markets; 

introduction
of products, or announcements of significant contracts, licenses or acquisitions, by us or our competitors; 

legislative,
political or regulatory developments; 

additions
or departures of key personnel; 

threatened
or actual litigation and government investigations; 

third-party
promotional activities, which are subject to ongoing regulatory obligations; 

sale
of shares of our Common Stock by us or members of our management; and 

general
economic conditions. 

52 

These
and other factors might cause the market price of our Common Stock to fluctuate substantially, which may negatively affect the liquidity
of our Common Stock. In addition, in recent years, the stock market has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations. This volatility
has had a significant impact on the market price of securities issued by many companies across many industries. The changes frequently
appear to occur without regard to the operating performance of the affected companies. Accordingly, the price of our Common Stock could
fluctuate based upon factors that have little or nothing to do with our Company, and these fluctuations could materially reduce our share
price. 

Securities
class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the overall market and in the
market price of a company s securities. This litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs, divert our
management s attention and resources, and harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Any
failure to maintain an effective system of internal controls could result in material misstatements of our financial statements or cause
us to fail to meet our reporting obligations or fail to prevent fraud in which case, our stockholders could lose confidence in our financial
reporting, which would harm our business and could negatively impact the price of our stock. 

We are required to comply with the internal control
evaluation and certification requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 SOX and management is required
to report annually on our internal control over financial reporting. Our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required
to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of SOX until the date
we have a public float of 75 million or greater. 

If we fail to maintain effective internal controls
and procedures for financial reporting, it could result in material misstatements in the annual or interim financial statements that would
not be prevented or detected in a timely manner. We identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in
2018, and we cannot assure you that material weaknesses or significant deficiencies will not occur in the future and that we will be able
to remediate such weaknesses or deficiencies in a timely manner, which could impair our ability to accurately and timely report our financial
position, results of operations or cash flows. 

We
intend to issue more shares to raise capital, which will result in substantial dilution. 

Our
certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of a maximum of 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock and 10,000,000 shares of preferred
stock. Until we can generate significant revenue from product sales, if ever, we expect to finance our operations through the sale of
equity, debt financings, or other capital sources. Any additional financings effected by us may result in the issuance of additional
securities without stockholder approval and the substantial dilution in the percentage of Common Stock held by our then existing stockholders.
Moreover, the Common Stock issued in any such transaction may be valued on an arbitrary or non-arm s-length basis by our management,
resulting in an additional reduction in the percentage of Common Stock held by our current stockholders. Our Board has the power to issue
any or all of such authorized but unissued shares without stockholder approval. To the extent that additional shares of Common Stock
are issued, dilution to the interests of our stockholders will occur and the rights of the holder of Common Stock might be materially
and adversely affected. 

As
of September 30, 2021, we had outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate of 7,503,808 shares of Common Stock at a weighted average
exercise price of 6.06 per share, and options to purchase an aggregate of 1,122,560 shares of Common Stock at a weighted average exercise
price of 5.89 per share. For a description of our outstanding warrants and information about the number of shares of Common Stock for
which they are exercisable, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity
and Capital Resources Historical Capital Resources. To the extent these outstanding options or warrants are exercised, there
will be further dilution to holders of our Common Stock. 

53 

Anti-takeover
provisions in the Company s certificate of incorporation and bylaws may prevent or frustrate attempts by stockholders to change
the Board or current management and could make a third-party acquisition of the Company difficult. 

The
Company s certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition
or other change in control that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive
a premium for their shares. For example, our certificate of incorporation permits the Board without stockholder approval to issue up
to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock and to fix the designation, power, preferences, and rights of those shares. Furthermore, our
Board has the ability to increase the size of the Board and fill the newly created vacancies without stockholder approval. These provisions
could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of the Common Stock. 

We
are a smaller reporting company, and the reduced reporting requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies may make our Common
Stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined in Section 12 of the Exchange Act. For as long as we continue to be a smaller
reporting company, we may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies
that are not smaller reporting companies such as, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our annual and periodic
reports and proxy statements and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We will remain a smaller
reporting company as long as (i) our public float remains less than 250 million or (ii) our annual revenues are less than 100
million and we either have no public float, or our public float is less than 700 million. Public float is measured as of the last business
day of our most recently-completed second fiscal quarter, and annual revenues are as of the most recently completed fiscal year for which
audited financial statements are available. We cannot predict if investors will find our Common Stock less attractive because we may
rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our Common Stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market
for our Common Stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 

Our
Common Stock has been, and may in the future be subject to the penny stock rules of the SEC, which makes transactions in
our stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in our stock. 

The
SEC has adopted regulations which generally define a penny stock as an equity security that has a market price of less
than 5.00 per share, subject to specific exemptions. The SEC s penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, before a transaction
in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about
penny stocks and the risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer must also provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations
for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and the salesperson in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing
the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. In addition, the penny stock rules generally require that
before a transaction in a penny stock occurs, the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable
investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s agreement to the transaction. If our Common Stock is subject to the penny
stock rules, these rules may restrict the ability of brokers-dealers to sell our Common Stock and may affect the ability of investors
to sell their shares, until our Common Stock no longer is considered a penny stock. 

We
have not paid dividends in the past and do not expect to pay dividends in the future, and any return on investment may be limited to
the value of our stock. 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings
for use in the operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Accordingly,
you may have to sell some or all of your shares of our Common Stock in order to generate cash flow from your investment. You may not
receive a gain on your investment when you sell shares and you may lose the entire amount of the investment. 

54 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports, or publish unfavorable research or reports, about us, our business
or our market, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our Common Stock will be influenced by the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about
us and our business. Securities or industry analysts may elect not to provide coverage of our Common Stock, and such lack of coverage
may adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock. In the event we do not secure additional securities or industry analyst coverage,
we will not have any control over the analysts or the content and opinions included in their reports. The price of our stock could decline
if one or more securities or industry analysts downgrade our stock or issue other unfavorable commentary or research. If one or more
securities or industry analysts ceases coverage of our Company or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our stock could
decrease, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 

If
we fail to comply with the continued listing standards of the Nasdaq Capital Market, our Common Stock could be delisted. If it is delisted,
our Common Stock and the liquidity of our Common Stock would be impacted. 

The
continued listing of our Common Stock on Nasdaq is contingent on NeuroOne s continued compliance with a number of listing standards.
There is no assurance that NeuroOne will remain in compliance with these standards. Delisting from Nasdaq would adversely affect our
ability to raise additional financing through the public or private sale of equity securities, significantly affect the ability of investors
to trade our securities and negatively affect the value and liquidity of our Common Stock. Delisting also could limit our strategic alternatives
and attractiveness to potential counterparties and have other negative results, including the potential loss of employee confidence,
the loss of institutional investors or interest in business development opportunities. Moreover, NeuroOne committed in connection with
the sale of securities to use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the listing of its Common Stock during such time that certain
warrants are outstanding. 

Risks
Related to the Acquisition 

We
may be subject to unknown risks as a result of our completed Acquisition by Original Source Entertainment, Inc. 

Original
Source Entertainment, Inc., which was renamed NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation in connection with the Acquisition, was formed
to license songs to the television and movie industry and has generated very little revenues. Prior to the Acquisition, its operations
have been primarily limited to organizational, start-up, and capital formation activities, with no employees other than the former officers.
In connection with the Acquisition, the liabilities existing in Original Source Entertainment, Inc. at the time of the Acquisition were
cancelled or paid by a related party, as required by the Merger Agreement with NeuroOne, Inc. and OSOK Acquisition Company (the Merger
Agreement ). Despite this requirement and the representations and warranties of Original Source Entertainment, Inc. in the Merger
Agreement, there may be unknown liabilities, or liabilities that were known but believed to be immaterial, related to the business of
Original Source Entertainment, Inc. that may become material liabilities we are subject to in the future. If we are subject to material
liabilities as a result of the conduct of Original Source Entertainment, Inc., we may have limited recourse for such liabilities, which
could have a material impact on our business and stock price. 

Additional
risks may exist since we were engaged in a transaction that can be generally characterized as a reverse merger with a shell
company. Securities analysts of major brokerage firms may not provide coverage of the Company since there is little incentive to brokerage
firms to recommend the purchase of the Common Stock. No assurance can be given that brokerage firms will want to conduct any secondary
offerings. 

General
Risk Factors 

Changes
in tax laws or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could have a material impact on our business, results of operations, financial
condition and cash flows. 

We
are subject to income and other non-income-based taxes and tariffs in the U.S., and our operations, plans and results are affected by
tax and other initiatives. The tax laws in the U.S. and any other countries in which we and our affiliates do business could change on
a prospective or retroactive basis, and any such changes could materially adversely affect our business, our results of operations, and
our effective tax rate. For example, on December 22, 2017, the U.S. enacted the Tax Act, which contains significant changes to corporate
taxation, including reduction of the corporate tax rate from a top marginal rate of 35 to a flat rate of 21 , and the recent change
in administration and control of Congress in the U.S. may result in additional U.S. tax law changes that could have a material impact
on our future effective tax rate. Notwithstanding the reduction in the corporate income tax rate under the Tax Act, guidance on tax reform
continues to be released and such guidance may adversely affect our business and financial condition. It is also unknown if and to what
extent various states will conform to the Tax Act or any future tax reform legislation. The impact of the tax reform implemented under
the Tax Act and any future tax reform legislation on holders of our Common Stock is likewise uncertain and could be adverse. We urge
you to consult with your legal and tax advisors with respect to this legislation and the potential tax consequences of investing in our
Common Stock. The decrease in the corporate tax rate resulted in changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities. 

55 

We
are also subject to regular reviews, examinations, and audits by the Internal Revenue Service and other taxing authorities with respect
to our taxes. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, if a taxing authority disagrees with the positions we have taken,
we could face additional tax liability, including interest and penalties. There can be no assurance that payment of such additional amounts
upon final adjudication of any disputes will not have a material impact on our results of operations and financial position. 

We
may seek to grow our business through acquisitions of complementary products or technologies, and the failure to complete acquisitions,
or the failure to integrate them with our existing business, could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 

From
time to time, we may consider opportunities to acquire other companies, products or technologies that may enhance our product platform
or technology, expand the breadth of our markets or customer base, or advance our business strategies. The success of our strategy relating
to future acquisitions, investments or alliances will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to: 

identify suitable opportunities for acquisition, investment or alliance, if at all; 

manage acquisition, investment or alliance opportunities within our capital capacity and prioritize those investments to execute on our strategy; 

manage our due diligence process to uncover potential issues and liabilities with targets; 

finance any future acquisition, investment or alliance on terms acceptable to us, if at all; 

complete acquisitions, investments or alliances in a timely manner on terms that are satisfactory to us, if at all; 

successfully integrate and operate acquired businesses; 

successfully identify and retain key target employees; 

comply with applicable laws and regulations; 

protect intellectual property and to prevail in litigation related to newly acquired technologies; 

assimilate
the acquired products or technologies; 

maintain
uniform standards, procedures, controls and policies; 

anticipate
costs associated with acquisitions; 

avoid
the diversion of management s attention from our existing business; 

manage
risks associated with entering new markets in which we have limited or no experience; and 

manage
legal and accounting costs relating to the acquisitions or compliance with regulatory matters. 

56 

We
have no current commitments with respect to any acquisition. We do not know if we will be able to identify acquisitions we deem suitable,
whether we will be able to successfully complete any such acquisitions on favorable terms or at all, or whether we will be able to successfully
integrate any acquired products or technologies. Our potential inability to integrate any acquired products or technologies effectively
may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Our
future success depends on our ability to retain key executives and to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. 

We
are highly dependent on the management, research and development, clinical, financial and business development expertise of our officers
and advisory board members. Although we have an employment agreement with David Rosa, he (and each of our other key employees) may terminate
his employment with us at any time and will continue to be able to do so. We do not maintain key person insurance for any
of our executives or employees. 

Recruiting
and retaining qualified scientific and clinical personnel will also be critical to our success. The loss of the services of our executive
officers or other key employees could impede the achievement of our research, development and commercialization objectives and seriously
harm our ability to successfully implement our business strategy. Furthermore, replacing executive officers and key employees may be
difficult and may take an extended period of time because of the limited number of individuals in our industry with the breadth of skills
and experience required to successfully develop, gain regulatory approval of and commercialize our products. Competition to hire from
this limited pool is intense, and we may be unable to hire, train, retain or motivate these key personnel on acceptable terms given the
competition among numerous medical device companies for similar personnel, many of which have greater financial and other resources dedicated
to attracting and retaining personnel. We also experience competition for the hiring of scientific and clinical personnel from universities
and research institutions. In addition, we rely on consultants and advisors, including scientific and clinical advisors, to assist us
in formulating our research and development and commercialization strategy. Our consultants and advisors may be employed by employers
other than us and may have commitments under consulting or advisory contracts with other entities that may limit their availability to
us. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain high quality personnel, our ability to pursue our growth strategy will be limited. 

Prolonged
negative economic conditions could adversely affect us, our customers and third-party partners, manufactures or suppliers, if any, which
could harm our financial condition. 

We
are subject to the risks arising from adverse changes in general economic and market conditions, including, but not limited to, changes
related to the COVID-19 pandemic. Uncertainty about future economic conditions could negatively impact our existing and potential customers,
adversely affect the financial ability of health insurers to pay claims, adversely impact our expenses and ability to obtain financing
of our operations, and cause delays or other problems with key suppliers. 

Healthcare
spending in the United States has been, and is expected to continue to be, under significant pressure and there are many initiatives
to reduce healthcare costs. As a result, we believe that some insurers are scrutinizing insurance claims more rigorously and delaying
or denying coverage and reimbursement more often. Because the sale, if approved, of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode
technology under development will generally depend on the availability of third-party coverage and reimbursement, any delay or decline
in coverage and reimbursement will adversely affect our sales. 

We
have incurred, and may continue to incur increased costs and demands upon management as a result of being a public company. 

As
a public company in the United States, we incur significant legal, accounting and other costs. These additional costs could negatively
affect our financial results. In addition, changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure,
including regulations implemented by the SEC and the stock exchange on which we may list our Common Stock, may increase legal and financial
compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations
and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies.
We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased general
and administrative expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance
activities. If, notwithstanding our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards, we fail to comply, regulatory authorities
may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be harmed. 

57 

Failure
to comply with these rules might also make it more difficult for us to obtain some types of insurance, including director and officer
liability insurance, and we might be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain
the same or similar coverage. The impact of these events could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons
to serve on our Board, on committees of our Board or as members of senior management. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We currently lease office space in Eden Prairie,
Minnesota, and Los Gatos, California to accommodate our finance and administrative functions as well as laboratory space accommodating
our research and development operations. We believe that our existing facilities are adequate for our immediate needs and can accommodate
our anticipated growth. We believe that, should it be needed, additional space can be leased to accommodate any future growth. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, the Company is subject to litigation and claims arising in the ordinary course of business. 

On
March 29, 2018, the Company was served with a complaint filed by PMT Corporation PMT ), the former employer of Mark Christianson,
a current Company employee and Wade Fredrickson, a now former Company employee. The complaint added the Company, NeuroOne, Inc. and Mr.
Christianson to its existing lawsuit against Mr. Fredrickson in the Fourth Judicial District Court of the State of Minnesota. In the
lawsuit, PMT claims by virtue of their work for the Company and their prior work during employment with PMT, Mr. Fredrickson and Mr.
Christianson breached their non-competition, non-solicitation and non-disclosure obligations, breached their fiduciary duty obligations,
were unjustly enriched, engaged in unfair competition, engaged in a civil conspiracy, tortiously interfered with PMT s contracts
and prospective economic advantage, and breached a covenant of good faith and fair dealing. The complaint purported to attach Mr. Fredrickson s
noncompete agreement as Exhibit A. Against Mr. Fredrickson, PMT also alleged that he intentionally or negligently spoliated evidence,
made negligent or fraudulent misrepresentations, misappropriated trade secrets in violation of Minnesota law, and committed the tort
of conversion and statutory civil theft. Against the Company and NeuroOne, Inc., PMT alleged that the Company and NeuroOne, Inc. were
unjustly enriched and engaged in unfair competition. PMT asked the Court to impose a constructive trust over the shares held by Mr. Fredrickson
and Mr. Christianson and to award compensatory damages, equitable relief, punitive damages, attorneys fees, costs and interest. 

On
April 18, 2018, Mr. Christianson, the Company and NeuroOne, Inc. filed a motion for dismissal, which was heard by the Court on October
11, 2018. The motion for dismissal stated that: the contract claims against Mr. Christianson fail because his agreement was not supported
by consideration; the Minnesota Uniform Trade Secrets Act preempts plaintiff s claims for unfair competition, civil conspiracy
and unjust enrichment; plaintiff fails to state a claim regarding alleged breach of the duties of loyalty and good faith/fair dealing;
plaintiff cannot legally obtain a constructive trust; plaintiff has insufficiently pled its tortious interference claims; and Plaintiff
has not stated a claim for unfair competition. On January 7, 2019, the judge granted the motion for dismissal with respect to PMT s
claim for breach of the duty of good faith and fair dealing, and denied the motion for dismissal with respect to the other claims presented. 

58 

In
April 2019, PMT served the Company, NeuroOne, Inc. and Christianson with a proposed Second Amended Complaint, which included new claims
against the Company and NeuroOne, Inc for tortious interference with contract and tortious interference with prospective business advantage
and punitive damages against the Company, NeuroOne Inc. and Christianson. On June 28, 2019, the Company presented evidence indicating
that PMT had participated in a fraud on the Court and sought an Order that PMT had waived the attorney client privilege. 

On
July 16, 2019, the defendants served PMT with a joint notice of motion for sanctions seeking a variety of sanctions for litigation misconduct
including, but not limited to, dismissal of the case and an award of attorneys fees. The Company, NeuroOne Inc and Mr. Christianson
further moved for summary judgment on all remaining claims asserted against them as well as for leave to assert counterclaims against
PMT for abuse of process. Following hearings on the dispositive motions and defendants sanctions motion, the district court granted
the Company s motion for sanctions on April 29, 2020. Additionally, the district court granted the Company s motion for summary
judgment in part with respect to the counts for Christianson s breach of non-confidentiality agreement, and denied the Company s
motion for summary judgment on all other counts. 

On August 24, 2020, defendants moved the Court
to amend their counterclaims for abuse of process against PMT to add a claim for punitive damages with respect to its conduct pertaining
to the Fredrickson noncompete. On October 12, 2020 the Court awarded NeuroOne, Inc. 185,000 in Rule 11 sanctions and Fredrickson
 145,000 in Rule 11 sanctions with respect to PMT s misconduct relating to the Fredrickson noncompete. PMT and its former litigation
counsel, Barnes Thornburg, were jointly and severally liable for these awards, which were paid on December 11, 2020 and have been
recognized in other income in the statements of operations. The Court granted NeuroOne, Inc. s motion to amend to permit its assertion
of the right to assert a punitive damages claim against PMT associated with fighting the allegations relating to the Fredrickson noncompete. 

On
May 27, 2021 PMT moved for summary judgment on defendants claims for abuse of process and punitive damages, and on August 5, 2021,
the district court granted PMT s motion to dismiss the abuse of process and punitive damage claims. 

Trial
has been postponed from December 2021 to August of 2022. The Company intends to continue to defend itself vigorously and to continue
to aggressively prosecute its affirmative counterclaim against PMT. The outcome of any claim against the Company by PMT was not estimable
as of the issuance of the financial statements included herein. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

59 

PART
II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our
Common Stock commenced trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market on May 26, 2021 under the ticker symbol NMTC. Previously, our
Common Stock was traded on the OTC Markets quotation system on the OTCQB administered by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
under the symbol NMTC since December 19, 2017. Prior to December 19, 2017, our Common Stock had been quoted on the OTC
Pink Sheets under the symbol OSOK from November 2012 to August 4, 2017 and under the symbol NMTC from August
4, 2017 to December 19, 2017. 

Stockholders 

On
December 6, 2021, there were 119 record holders of our Common Stock. The transfer agent and registrar for our Common Stock is Action
Stock Transfer Corporation. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 

All
sales of unregistered equity securities have previously been disclosed in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form
8-K. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

You
should read the following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of NeuroOne together with our financial
statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Report. References in this discussion to series or notes 
refer to all of our outstanding notes as of the relevant date of the item being discussed. References in this discussion to convertible
promissory notes refer to all of our outstanding convertible promissory notes as of the relevant date of the item being discussed. 

Overview 

We
are a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of thin film electrode technology for continuous electroencephalogram
(cEEG) and stereoelectrocencephalography (sEEG) recording, spinal cord stimulation, brain stimulation and ablation solutions for patients
suffering from epilepsy, Parkinson s disease, dystonia, essential tremors, chronic pain due to failed back surgeries and other
related neurological disorders. Additionally, we are investigating the potential applications of our technology associated with artificial
intelligence. 

Prior
to FDA approval or clearance of certain of our products, our primary activities were limited to, and our limited resources were dedicated
to, performing business and financial planning, raising capital, recruiting personnel, negotiating with business partners and the licensors
of our intellectual property and conducting research and development activities. In November 2019, our Evo cortical technology cEEG received 510(k) clearance from the FDA for recording, monitoring, and stimulating brain tissue for up to 30 days, and in September 2021,
we received FDA clearance for our Evo sEEG electrode technology for temporary (less than 24 hours) use with recording, monitoring, and
stimulation equipment for the recording, monitoring, and stimulation of electrical signals at the subsurface level of the brain. Our
submission to the FDA seeking 510(k) for use of our Evo sEEG electrode technology for up to 30 days is pending. 

60 

We
completed feasibility bench top testing with a new design of our diagnostic and ablation depth electrode in the first calendar quarter
of 2021, and signed a contract with RBC Medical Innovations to develop hardware for the system in the third calendar quarter of 2021.
We are targeting the third calendar quarter of 2022 for completion of such hardware. We also completed an animal feasibility study at
Emory University in September 2021. Next, we plan to submit a Pre-Submission(Q-Sub) to the FDA for the RF ablation system and to review
the feasibility of Breakthrough designation, complete additional animal studies through the first half of calendar 2022,
and submit an application for FDA 510(k) clearance in the fourth calendar quarter of 2022. Our other products are still under development . 

We
have incurred losses since inception. As of September 30, 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of 40.8 million, primarily as a result
of expenses incurred in connection with our research and development, selling, general and administrative expenses associated with our
operations and interest expense, fair value adjustments and loss on extinguishments related to our debt, offset in part by collaborations
and product revenues. 

Prior
to FDA approval of certain of our products, our main source of cash was proceeds from the issuances of notes, common stock, warrants
and unsecured loans. See Liquidity and Capital Resources Historical Capital Resources below. While
we have begun to generate revenue from the sale of products based on our cEEG technology beginning in the first quarter of fiscal
2021 and through milestone payments from our current collaboration with Zimmer , we expect
to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing operating and net losses for the foreseeable future until and unless we generate
a higher level of revenue from commercial sales, and we will need to obtain substantial
additional funding in connection with our continuing operations through public or private equity or debt financings, through collaborations
or partnerships with other companies or other sources . 

We
may be unable to raise additional funds when needed on favorable terms or at all. Our failure to raise such capital as and when needed
would have a negative impact on our financial condition and our ability to develop and commercialize our cortical strip, grid electrode
and depth electrode technology and future products and our ability to pursue our business strategy. See Liquidity and Capital
Resources Funding Requirements and Outlook below. 

Recent
Developments 

October
2021 Underwritten Public Offering 

On
October 13, 2021, we entered into an Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement with Craig-Hallum Capital Group
LLC, as underwriter (the Underwriter ), relating to the issuance and sale of 3,750,000 shares of our common stock, par value
 0.001 per share, at a price to the public of 3.20 per share. In addition, under the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, we granted
the Underwriter an option, exercisable for 30 days, to purchase up to an additional 562,500 shares of common stock on the same terms.
The base offering closed on October 15, 2021, and the sale of 422,057 shares of common stock subject to the Underwriter s overallotment
option closed on November 15, 2021. 

The
gross proceeds from this offering were approximately 13.4 million prior to deducting underwriting discounts and other offering expenses
payable by us. We intend to use the net proceeds from this offering for working capital and general corporate purposes. 

Change
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Fiscal 2021 

On
June 18, 2021, the Audit Committee of the Board (i) engaged Baker Tilly US, LLP Baker Tilly to serve as the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm for the Company s fiscal year ending September 30, 2021, and (ii) determined
to dismiss BDO USA, LLP BDO ), the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending September
30, 2020. 

2021
Shelf Registration 

On
June 4, 2021, NeuroOne filed a Form S-3 shelf registration statement under the Securities Act, which was declared effective by the SEC
on June 14, 2021 (the 2021 Shelf ). Under the 2021 Shelf, the Company may offer and sell, from time to time in its sole
discretion, securities having an aggregate offering price of up to 150 million, subject to the limitations of Form S-3. 

Nasdaq
Capital Market 

The
Company s common stock commenced trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market on May 26, 2021 under the ticker symbol NMTC. 
Previously, the Company s common stock was traded on the OTC Markets quotation system on the OTCQB. 

Reverse
Stock Split 

Effective
after the close of business on March 31, 2021, the Company completed a 1-for-3 reverse stock split of its common stock. All share and
per share amounts in this Report have been reflected on a post-split basis. 

61 

COVID-19 

On
March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19 as a global pandemic. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic,
the Company has experienced, and will likely continue to experience, delays and disruptions in our pre-clinical and clinical trials,
as well as interruptions in our manufacturing, supply chain, shipping and research and development operations. For
example: 

development
of our technology was delayed in fiscal year 2021 due to interruptions in global manufacturing and shipping as a result of the COVID-19
pandemic , including as one of our key manufacturing partners and one of the Company s suppliers
had staffing issues leading to delays in the Company s development builds and delays in shipping product; 

the
Company s own staff has been impacted by infections and mandatory quarantines; 

the
Company is currently experiencing product shortages of its primary component, polyimide film, due to supply chain shortages attributed
to COVID related issues; 

the
Company is experiencing delays in timelines for product availability and delivery from vendors, including related to staffing shortages,
both generally and due to employee illness, and due to increases in demand from other larger or more longstanding customers of our suppliers
placing large orders due to concerns with supply chain disruption and the impact of COVID-19. 

The Company s plans for
further testing or clinical trials may be further impacted by the continuing effects of COVID-19. The global outbreak of COVID-19
continues to rapidly evolve. In April 2020, given the impact of COVID-19 on the Company, the Company applied for and received loan funding
of 83,333 under the Paycheck Protection Program, which was forgiven by the U.S. Small Business Administration on June 9, 2021. 

The
extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may further impact our business and pre-clinical and clinical trials will depend on future developments,
which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, such as the effect of the pandemic on our suppliers and distributors
and the global supply chain, the ultimate geographic spread of the disease, the duration of the outbreak, travel restrictions and social
distancing in the U.S. and other countries, business closures or business disruptions and the effectiveness of actions taken in the U.S.
and other countries to contain and treat the disease. The COVID-19 pandemic may also continue to impact our business as a result of employee
illness, school closures, and other community response measures. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic may also impact our ability to secure additional financing. Although the Company cannot estimate the length or gravity
of the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak at this time, if the pandemic continues, it may have a material adverse effect on the Company s
results of future operations, financial position, and liquidity in for fiscal year 2022 and beyond. 

See
 Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted, and may continue to impact,
our business. 

Financial
Overview 

Product
Revenue 

Our
product revenue was derived from the sale of our strip and grid cortical electrodes Strip/Grid Products and electrode
cable assembly products Electrode Cable Assembly Products based on Evo cortical technology. We anticipate that we will
generate additional revenue from the sale of products based on Evo cortical technology. 

We
have received FDA 510(k) clearance for our cortical strip electrode for temporary (less than 30
days) recording, monitoring, and stimulation on the surface of the brain and our Evo sEEG electrode technology for temporary (less
than 24 hours) use with recording, monitoring, and stimulation equipment for the recording, monitoring,
and stimulation of electrical signals at the subsurface level of the brain , but we do not expect to generate any revenue from
the sale of our other products until we develop and obtain all required regulatory approvals or clearances for and commercialize depth
electrode technology. If we fail to complete the development of the depth electrode technology, or any other product candidate we may
pursue in the future, in a timely manner, or fail to obtain regulatory approvals or clearances, we may never be able to generate revenue
from product sales sufficient to sustain operations. 

62 

Product
Gross Loss 

Product
gross loss represents our product revenue less our cost of product revenue. Our cost of product revenue consists of the manufacturing
and materials costs incurred by our third-party contract manufacturer in connection with our Strip/Grid Products and outside supplier
materials costs of producing the Electrode Cable Assembly Products. In addition, cost of product revenue includes royalty fees incurred
in connection with our license agreements. 

Collaborations
Revenue 

On
July 20, 2020, the Company entered into the Development Agreement with Zimmer, pursuant to which the Company granted Zimmer exclusive
global rights to distribute the Strip/Grid Products and electrode cable assembly products (the Electrode Cable Assembly Products ).
Additionally, the Company granted Zimmer the exclusive right and license to distribute certain depth electrodes developed by the Company SEEG Products , and together with the Strip/Grid Products and Electrode Cable Assembly Products, the Products ).
The parties have agreed to collaborate with respect to development activities under the Development Agreement through a joint development
committee composed of an equal number of representatives of Zimmer and the Company. 

Under
the terms of the Development Agreement, the Company is responsible for all costs and expenses related to developing the Products, and
Zimmer is responsible for all costs and expenses related to the commercialization of the Products. In addition to the Development Agreement,
Zimmer and the Company have entered into a Manufacturing and Supply Agreement (the MS Agreement and a supplier quality
agreement (the Quality Agreement with respect to the manufacturing and supply of the Products. 

Except
as otherwise provided in the Development Agreement, the Company is responsible for performing all development activities, including non-clinical
and clinical studies directed at obtaining regulatory approval of each Product. Zimmer has agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts
to promote, market and sell each Product following the Product Availability Date (as defined in the Development Agreement)
for such Product. 

Pursuant
to the Development Agreement, Zimmer made an upfront initial exclusivity fee payment of 2.0 million (the Initial Exclusivity
Fee to the Company. 

Except
where Zimmer timely delivers a Design Modification Notice under the Development Agreement, if one or more of the events set forth below
occurs on or before the deadline indicated for such event and the Product Availability Date (as defined in the Development Agreement)
for the SEEG Products occurs on or before June 30, 2021, then the Company shall receive the additional amount indicated for such event
as part of the SEEG Exclusivity Maintenance Fee: 

Design
freeze for the SEEG Products by December 15, 2020 - 500,000 

Acceptance
of all Deliverables for SEEG Products under the Development Plan (as defined in the Development Agreement) by April 30, 2021 - 500,000 

If
Zimmer timely delivers a Design Modification Notice to the Company under the Development Agreement, and one or more of the events set
forth below occurs on or before the deadline indicated for such event and the Product Availability Date for the SEEG Products occurs
on or before June 30, 2021, then the Company shall receive the additional amount indicated for such event as part of the SEEG Exclusivity
Maintenance Fee: 

Acceptance
of all Deliverables for SEEG Products under the Development Plan other than the Modified Connector by April 30, 2021 - 500,000 

Acceptance
of all Deliverables for SEEG Products under the Development Plan, including the Modified Connector by September 30, 2021 - 500,000 

For
purposes of the Development Agreement, each of the foregoing events shall have occurred only if the Company has demonstrated the achievement
of the event to Zimmer s reasonable satisfaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the events in Sections 6.1(c)(ii), (iii) and (iv)
of the Development Agreement shall not be deemed to be met if FDA Approval for the SEEG Products is not received prior to the applicable
deadline. 

63 

Zimmer
has delivered a Design Modification Notice. The design freeze for the SEEG Products occurred by December 15, 2020. In September 2021,
the Company received 510(k) clearance from the FDA to market its Evo sEEG Electrode technology for temporary (less than 24 hours) use
with recording, monitoring, and stimulation equipment for the recording, monitoring, and stimulation of electrical signals at the subsurface
level of the brain. FDA clearance is one condition of the Product Availability Date under the Development Agreement. However, the Company
does not intend to deliver saleable product to Zimmer unless and until it receives regulatory clearance to expand the use of its Evo
sEEG Electrode technology for up to 30 days, at which point the Company and Zimmer intend to commence negotiations regarding payments
of applicable amounts above, notwithstanding the deadlines for the Product Availability Date and the Acceptance of all Deliverables for
SEEG Products. 

In
addition to the Initial Exclusivity Fee and Interim Fee Bonus, in order to maintain the exclusivity of the SEEG Distribution License,
Zimmer must pay the SEEG Exclusivity Maintenance Fee to the Company, on or prior to the SEEG Exclusivity Confirmation Date, in immediately
available funds as follows: 

if
the Product Availability Date for the SEEG Products occurs on or before June 30, 2021, then 3,000,000, plus the amount of any Interim
Fee Bonuses earned pursuant to Section 6.1(c), including any such Interim Fee Bonus earned after June 30, 2021 pursuant to Section 6.1(c)(iv)
following the delivery of a Design Modification Notice; 

if
the Product Availability Date for the SEEG Products occurs after June 30, 2021, but on or before September 30, 2021, then 3,000,000,
plus if Zimmer timely issues a Design A-9 Modification Notice, any Interim Fee Bonus earned pursuant to Section 6.1(c)(iv); 

if
the Product Availability Date for the SEEG Products occurs after September 30, 2021, but on or before December 31, 2021, then 2,500,000;
and 

if
the Product Availability Date for the SEEG Products occurs after December 31, 2021, then 1,500,000. 

As
noted above, upon receipt (if any) of regulatory clearance to expand the use of its Evo sEEG Electrode technology for up to 30 days,
the Company and Zimmer intend to commence negotiations regarding the applicable SEEG Exclusivity Maintenance Fee amount, notwithstanding
the above deadlines for the Product Availability Date. Notwithstanding any other provision of the
Development Agreement, if the Product Availability Date for the SEEG Products has not occurred on or before June 30, 2022, Zimmer shall
have the right to terminate the SEEG Distribution License by delivering written notice to the Company to that effect and, upon delivery
of such notice, Zimmer shall be relieved of all of its obligations hereunder with respect to SEEG Products, including any obligation
to pay the SEEG Exclusivity Maintenance Fee or to purchase, market, distribute or sell any SEEG Products. The Initial Exclusivity Fee
and the SEEG Exclusivity Maintenance Fee (including any Interim Fee Bonus(es)), once paid, are non-refundable. 

The
Development Agreement will expire on the tenth anniversary of the date of the first commercial sale of the last of the Products to achieve
a first commercial sale, unless terminated earlier pursuant to its terms. Either party may terminate the Development Agreement (x) with
written notice for the other party s material breach following a cure period or (y) if the other party becomes subject to certain
insolvency proceedings. In addition, Zimmer may terminate the Development Agreement for any reason with 90 days written notice,
and the Company may terminate the Development Agreement if Zimmer acquires or directly or indirectly owns a controlling interest in certain
competitors of the Company. 

At
inception of the Zimmer Development Agreement through September 30, 2021, the Company has identified the following three performance
obligations under the Zimmer Development Agreement: (1) the Company obligation to grant Zimmer access to its intellectual property; (2)
complete SEEG Product development; and (3) complete Strip/Grid Product development. Accordingly, the Company recognized revenue in the
amount of 64,812 and 1,926,566 during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to the development
of the Products completed during the periods in connection with the Initial Exclusivity Fee payment. 

64 

In
August 2021, we received initial stocking orders from Zimmer for SEEG electrodes. 

The
achievement of future milestones or level of sales required to earn royalty payments from Zimmer is uncertain. 

Selling,
General and Administrative 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs, including stock-based compensation for personnel in
functions not directly associated with research and development activities. Other significant costs include legal fees relating to corporate
matters, intellectual property costs, professional fees for consultants assisting with regulatory, clinical, product development, financial
matters, and beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2021, sales and marketing in connection with the commercial sale of our Strip/Grid
Products and Electrode Cable Assembly Products. We anticipate that our general and administrative expenses will significantly increase
in the future to support our continued research and development activities, further commercialization of our cortical strip technology,
commercial sales of our sEEG electrode technology, and the increased costs of operating as a public company. These expense increases
will include increased costs related to the hiring of additional personnel and fees for legal and professional services, as well as other
public-company related costs. 

Research
and Development 

Research
and development expenses consist of expenses incurred in developing our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology,
compensation and benefits for research and development employees, including stock-based compensation, overhead expenses, cost of laboratory
supplies, clinical trial and related clinical manufacturing expenses, costs related to regulatory operations, fees paid to consultants
and other outside expenses. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred and costs incurred by third parties are expensed
as the contracted work is performed. Lastly, de minimis income from the sale of prototype products and related materials are offset against
research and development expenses. 

We
expect our research and development expenses to significantly increase over the next several years as we continue to develop our cortical
strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology and conduct preclinical testing and clinical trials and will depend on the duration,
costs and timing to complete our preclinical programs and clinical trials. 

Interest
Expense 

Interest
expense primarily consists of interest costs related to our 2019 Paulson Notes and 2020 Paulson Notes, as defined below. 

Net
valuation change of instruments measured at fair value 

The
net valuation change of instruments measured at fair value includes the change in fair value of the 2019 Paulson Notes and 2020 Paulson
Notes. 

Loss
on notes extinguishment 

Loss
on note extinguishment includes the loss associated with debt instrument modifications and conversions accounted for as debt extinguishments. 

Other
Income 

Other
income consists of proceeds derived from activity outside of normal operating activity, including legal settlements, the forgiveness
of the paycheck protection program loan and interest income. 

65 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of the Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 

The
following table sets forth our results of operations for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020. 

For the year ended September 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 Period to Period Change 
 
 Product revenue 
 178,146 
 
 178,146 
 
 Cost of product revenue 
 275,895 
 
 275,895 
 
 Product gross loss 
 (97,749 
 
 (97,749 

Collaborations revenue 
 64,812 
 1,926,566 
 (1,861,754 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 
 6,260,266 
 4,753,036 
 1,507,230 
 
 Research and development 
 3,925,008 
 2,075,791 
 1,849,217 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 10,185,274 
 6,828,827 
 3,356,447 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (10,218,211 
 (4,902,261 
 (5,315,950 
 
 Interest expense 
 (3,053 
 (7,524,581 
 7,521,528 
 
 Net valuation change of instruments measured at fair value 
 1,974 
 804,529 
 (802,555 
 
 Loss on note extinguishment 
 
 (2,017,847 
 2,017,847 
 
 Other income 
 271,122 
 
 271,122 
 
 Net loss 
 (9,948,168 
 (13,640,160 
 3,691,992 

Product
Revenue and Product Gross Loss 

Product
revenue and product gross loss were 0.2 million and (0.1) million, respectively, during the year ended September 30, 2021. The product
revenue consisted of the sale of Strip/Grid Products and Electrode Cable Assembly Products. Cost of product revenue consisted of the
manufacturing and materials costs incurred by our third-party contract manufacturer in connection with our Strip/Grid Products and outside
supplier materials costs in connection with the Electrode Cable Assembly Products. In addition, cost of product revenue included royalty
fees incurred, including the royalty fees to WARF and Mayo of 0.1 million in connection with our license agreements. There was no product
revenue or product gross loss recognized during the comparable prior year period. 

Collaborations
Revenue 

Collaborations
revenue was 65,000 and 1.9 million for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Revenue during the period was derived
from the Development Agreement and represented the portion of the upfront initial development fee payment eligible for revenue recognition
during the respective periods ended September 30, 2021 and 2020. 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses were 6.3 million for the year ended September 30, 2021, compared to 4.8 million for the year ended
September 30, 2020. The increase of 1.5 million was primarily due to an increase in sales and marketing costs of 0.8 million, payroll
related costs of 0.3 million, board and public company costs of 0.3 million, insurance costs of 0.2 million and outside professional
support and other costs of 0.2 million, offset partially by a reduction in litigation support costs of 0.2 million and stock-based
compensation of 0.1 million. 

66 

Research
and development expenses 

Research
and development expenses were 3.9 million for the year ended September 30, 2021, compared to 2.1 million for the year ended September
30, 2020. The increase during fiscal 2021 over the comparable prior year period was due to an increase in supporting development activities
largely attributed to our Evo sEEG electrode technology, which primarily included salary-related expenses and other costs of consulting
services, materials and supplies. 

Interest
expense 

Interest
expense for the year ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 was 3,000 and 7.5 million, respectively. The decrease year over year is attributed
to the full conversion of the 2019 Paulson Notes and 2020 Paulson Notes by early fiscal year 2021. Interest expense during the year ended
September 30, 2021 was 3,000 and consisted of issuance costs in connection with our 2019 Paulson Notes described further below. Interest
expense in fiscal year 2020 related to the 2019 Paulson Notes and 2020 Paulson Notes and was comprised of issuance costs of 1.9 million
and day-one interest at issuance of 5.6 million representing the amount by which fair value exceeded note proceeds. Interest on principal
in connection with the 2019 Paulson Notes and 2020 Paulson Notes is included in the net valuation change of instruments measured at
fair value line item. 

Net
valuation change of instruments measured at fair value 

The
net valuation change of instruments measured at fair value for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 was a benefit of (2,000)
and (0.8) million, respectively. The change was due to accrued interest on the 2019 Paulson Notes and 2020 Paulson Notes, while outstanding,
and due to fluctuations in our common stock fair value, the number of potential shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the
2019 Paulson Notes and 2020 Paulson Notes during the respective periods. 

Loss
on note extinguishment 

Non-cash
loss on note extinguishment for the year ended September 30, 2020 was 2.0 million. The 2019 Paulson notes as described further below
were amended on April 24, 2020 to principally add a 40 discount to the optional conversion feature and to extend the maturity date by
six months. The April 2020 amendment was accounted for as a note extinguishment given the significant modification made to the optional
conversion feature. There were no note extinguishments during the year ended September 30, 2021. 

Other
Income 

Other
income during the year ended September 30, 2021 consisted principally of proceeds received in connection with the PMT Corporation litigation
in the amount of 0.2 million and from the forgiveness of the paycheck protection program loan in the amount of 0.1 million. We did
not have other income during the comparable prior year period. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Historical
Capital Resources 

As
of September 30, 2021, our principal source of liquidity consisted of cash deposits of 6.9 million. Subsequent to September 30, 2021,
we received gross proceeds of 13.4 million in the aggregate from the issuance and sale of common stock in the October 2021 underwritten
public offering described below. While we began to generate revenue from commercial sales during the first quarter of fiscal year 2021
and through milestone payments from our current collaboration with Zimmer, we expect to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing
operating and net losses for the foreseeable future until and unless we generate an adequate level of revenue from commercial sales to
cover expenses. 

We
anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially as we develop and commercialize our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth
electrode technology and pursue pre-clinical and clinical trials, seek regulatory approvals, manufacture products, establish our own
sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure to commercialize our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology,
hire additional staff, add operational, financial and management systems and continue to operate as a public company. 

67 

Our
source of cash, outside of collaboration and product revenues, to date has been proceeds from the issuances of notes with warrants, common
stock with and without warrants and unsecured loans, the terms of which are further described below. See also Funding Requirements
and Outlook below. 

October
2021 Underwritten Public Offering 

On
October 13, 2021, we entered into Underwriting Agreement relating to the issuance and sale of 3,750,000 shares of our common stock at
a price to the public of 3.20 per share. In addition, under the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, we granted the Underwriter an option,
exercisable for 30 days, to purchase up to an additional 562,500 shares of common stock on the same terms. The base offering closed on
October 15, 2021, and the sale of 422,057 shares of common stock subject to the Underwriter s overallotment option closed on November
15, 2021. The gross proceeds from this offering were approximately 13.4 million prior to deducting underwriting discounts and other
offering expenses payable by us. 

2021
Private Placement 

On
January 12, 2021, we entered into a purchase agreement with certain accredited investors, pursuant to which the Company, in a private
placement (the 2021 Private Placement ), agreed to issue and sell an aggregate of 4,166,682 shares (the Shares of the common stock of the Company, and warrants to purchase an aggregate of 4,166,682 shares of common stock (the 2021 Warrants at an aggregate purchase price of 3.00 per share of common stock and corresponding warrant, resulting in total gross proceeds of 12.5
million before deducting placement agent fees and estimated offering expenses. The 2021 Warrants have an initial exercise price of 5.25
per share. The 2021 Warrants became immediately exercisable beginning on the date of issuance and will expire on the fifth anniversary
of such date. Prior to expiration, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the 2021 Warrants, the holders of such 2021 Warrants
may exercise the 2021 Warrants for shares of common stock by providing notice to the Company and paying the exercise price per share
for each share so exercised or by utilizing the cashless exercise feature contained in each 2021 Warrant. The 2021 Private
Placement closed on January 14, 2021. 

In
connection with the 2021 Private Placement, the Company agreed to file a registration statement with the SEC covering the resale of the
Shares, the 2021 Warrants and the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the 2021 Warrants. The Company agreed to file such
registration statement within 30 days of the execution of the 2021 Purchase Agreement on January 12, 2021 and filed such registration
statement on February 10, 2021. 

Other
Common Stock Offerings 

On
July 24, 2020, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement 2020 Purchase Agreement with an accredited investor pursuant
to which we, in a private placement, issued and sold 25,000 shares of the Company s common stock for gross proceeds in the amount
of 135,000. Under the 2020 Purchase Agreement, we agreed to use the net proceeds from the private placement for funding operations or
working capital and general corporate purposes. We granted the investor indemnification rights with respect to representations, warranties
and agreements under the 2020 Purchase Agreement. 

On
October 23, 2019, we entered into securities purchase agreements with certain accredited investors, pursuant to which the Company, in
a private placement, issued and sold 47,223 shares of the Company s common stock to the accredited investors at a price of 5.40
per share, for gross proceeds amounting to 0.3 million before deducting offering expenses. We filed a registration statement with the
SEC covering the resale of the shares of common stock sold in the private placement on August 11, 2020. 

2020
Paulson Convertible Notes 

On
April 30, 2020, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with certain accredited investors, pursuant to which the Company, in
a private placement (the 2020 Paulson Private Placement ), agreed to issue and sell to the investors 13 convertible promissory
notes (each, a 2020 Paulson Note and collectively, the 2020 Paulson Notes and warrants (each, a 2020
Paulson Warrant and collectively, the 2020 Paulson Warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock. 

68 

Between
April 30, 2020 and June 30, 2020, the Company issued 2020 Paulson Notes in an aggregate principal amount of 5.1 million to the accredited
investors. The final closing under the 2020 Paulson Private Placement occurred on June 30, 2020. In July 2020, all remaining 2020 Paulson
Notes outstanding were automatically converted into Common Stock following the announcement of a Strategic Transaction (as defined in
the 2020 Paulson Notes) with Zimmer, Inc. The terms of the 2020 Paulson Notes are summarized below: 

The
2020 Paulson Notes had interest at a fixed rate of 13 per annum and required the Company to repay the principal and accrued and unpaid
interest thereon on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2020 or (ii) a change of control transaction. If the Company had raised more than
 5,000,000 in an equity financing before the maturity date (the 2020 Qualified Financing ), without any action on the part
of the subscribers, all of the outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest of the 2020 Paulson Notes (the Outstanding
Balance would have been converted into that number of shares of the securities issued by the Company in the closing on the date
a 2020 Qualified Financing occurred equal to: (i) the Outstanding Balance divided by (ii) the lower of 0.6 multiplied by (A) the actual
per share price of the securities issued by the Company in the closing on the date a 2020 Qualified Financing occurred and (B) the volume
weighted average price VWAP of the common stock for ten (10) trading days immediately preceding the 2020 Qualified Financing. 

In
addition, as was the case in July 2020, if the Company announced a transaction between the Company and any other company (or an affiliate
of any such company) that was included in the S P 500 Health Care Index as published from time to time by S P Dow Jones Indices
LLC that included an investment or upfront payments resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of at least 2,000,000 upon the execution
of such transaction or definitive agreement, and provided for terms of collaboration, manufacturing, distribution, licensing or supply
of the Company s products (a Strategic Transaction before the maturity date, without any action on the part of the
subscribers, the Outstanding Balance would convert into that number of shares of common stock equal to: (i) the Outstanding Balance divided
by (ii) the lower of 0.6 multiplied by (A) the VWAP of the common stock for the ten (10) trading days immediately preceding the first
announcement of the Strategic Transaction or (B) closing price of the common stock on the day preceding the first announcement by the
Company of a Strategic Transaction. 

At
any time, at the sole election of the holder of such 2020 Paulson Note prior to a 2020 Qualified Financing, Strategic Transaction or
change of control transaction, all or a portion of the Outstanding Balance could be converted into that number of shares of common stock
equal to: (i) the Outstanding Balance elected by the holder to be converted divided by (ii) an amount equal to 0.6 multiplied by the
volume weighted average price of the common stock for the ten (10) trading days immediately preceding the date of conversion. 

If
a change of control transaction had occurred prior to the conversion of the 2020 Paulson Notes or the maturity date, the 2020 Paulson
Notes would have become payable on demand as of the closing date of such transaction. Change of control meant a merger or consolidation
with another entity in which the Company s stockholders did not own more than 50 of the outstanding voting power of the surviving
entity or the disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets. 

Each
2020 Paulson Warrant grants the holder the option to purchase the number of shares of common stock equal to (i) 0.5 multiplied by (ii)
the principal amount of such subscriber s 2020 Paulson Notes divided by 5.61, with an exercise price per share equal to 5.61.
As of the final closing on June 30, 2020, the Company issued 2020 Paulson Warrants exercisable for 456,564 shares of Common Stock in
connection with all closings of the private placement. 

The
2020 Paulson Warrants are immediately exercisable and expire on April 30, 2023. The exercise price is subject to adjustment in the event
of any stock dividends or splits, reverse stock split, recapitalization, reorganization, or similar transaction. 

In
connection with the 2020 Paulson Private Placement, Paulson Investment Company Paulson ), received a cash commission equal
to 12 of the gross proceeds from the sale of the 2020 Paulson Notes, and at the final closing of the 2020 Paulson Private Placement,
Paulson received 7-year warrants to purchase an amount of Common Stock equal to 136,971 Broker Warrants ). The Broker Warrants
have an exercise price equal to 5.61. 

2020
Paulson Note Conversions 

Between
May 4, 2020 and July 22, 2020, certain subscribers elected to convert 3,590,353 of the outstanding principal and interest of such subscribers 
2020 Paulson Notes into 1,337,459 shares of common stock. On July 23, 2020, the remaining outstanding principal and interest balance
of the 2020 Paulson Notes in the amount of 1,613,961 was converted into 535,178 shares of common stock upon the announcement of the
Zimmer Development Agreement that qualified as a Strategic Transaction as discussed above. 

69 

2019
Paulson Convertible Notes 

On
November 1, 2019, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with certain accredited investors, pursuant to which the Company,
in a private placement (the 2019 Paulson Private Placement ), agreed to issue and sell to the investors 13 convertible
promissory notes (each, a 2019 Paulson Note and collectively, the 2019 Paulson Notes and warrants (each,
a 2019 Paulson Warrant and collectively, the 2019 Paulson Warrants to purchase shares of the Company s
common stock. 

The
initial closing of the private placement was consummated on November 1, 2019, and, on that date and through December 3, 2019, the Company
issued 2019 Paulson Notes in an aggregate principal amount of 3,234,800 to the Subscribers for gross proceeds equaling the principal
amount. The private placement terminated on December 3, 2019. 

The
Paulson Notes had a fixed interest rate of 13 per annum and required the Company to repay the principal and accrued and unpaid interest
thereon on May 1, 2020 (the Maturity Date ). If the Company had raised more than 3,000,000 in an equity financing before
the Maturity Date (the Qualified Financing ), each subscriber would have had the option to convert the outstanding principal
and accrued and unpaid interest of such subscriber s 2019 Paulson Note (the Outstanding Balance into the securities
issued by the Company in such Qualified Financing in an amount equal to (i) the Outstanding Balance divided by (ii) the lower of 0.6
multiplied by (A) the actual per share price of securities issued by the Company in the Qualified Financing and (B) the ten day volume
weighted average closing price of the common stock prior to the first closing of a Qualified Financing. If a change of control transaction
had occurred prior to the earlier of a Qualified Financing or the Maturity Date, the 2019 Paulson Notes would have become payable on
demand as of the closing date of such transaction. Change of control meant a merger or consolidation with another entity in which the
Company s stockholders did not own more than 50 of the outstanding voting power of the surviving entity or the disposition of
all or substantially all of the Company s assets. 

Each
2019 Paulson Warrant grants the holder the option to purchase the number of shares of common stock equal to (i) 0.5 multiplied by (ii)
the principal amount of such subscriber s 2019 Paulson Notes divided by 5.61, with an exercise price per share equal to 5.61.
As of the final closing on December 3, 2019, the Company issued 2019 Paulson Warrants exercisable for 288,305 shares of Common Stock
in connection with all closings of the private placement. The 2019 Paulson Warrants are immediately exercisable and expire on November
1, 2022. The exercise price is subject to adjustment in the event of any stock dividends or splits, reverse stock split, recapitalization,
reorganization or similar transaction, as described therein. 

In
connection with the private placement, Paulson received a cash commission equal to 12 of the gross proceeds from the sale of the 2019
Paulson Notes, and 10-year warrants to purchase an amount of Common Stock equal to 86,498 shares of common stock at an exercise price
equal to 5.61 per share. 

Second
Amendment of 2019 Paulson Notes 

On
April 24, 2020, the Company and holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the 2019 Paulson Notes entered into an amendment
to the 2019 Paulson Notes (the Second Paulson Amendment to, among other things: 

i. Extended
the Maturity Date The Second Paulson Amendment extended the maturity date of the 2019 Paulson Notes from May 1,
2020 to November 1, 2020 (in either case, unless a change of control transaction happens prior to such date); 

ii. Revised
Optional Conversion Terms The Second Paulson Amendment provided that the amount of shares to be received upon
the a subscriber s optional conversion of the 2019 Paulson Notes prior to a Qualified Financing (as defined in the 2019 Paulson
Notes) would have been equal to: (1) the outstanding balance of such subscriber s 2019 Paulson Note elected by the subscriber to
be converted divided by (2) an amount equal to 0.6 multiplied by the volume weighted average price of the common stock for the ten (10)
trading days immediately preceding the date of conversion; and 

70 

iii. Revised
the Registration Date The Second Paulson Amendment provided that promptly following the earlier of (1) May 1, 2020, if
the applicable subscriber had converted all or a majority of the outstanding balance of such subscriber s 2019 Paulson Note prior
to such date; (2) the final closing a Qualified Financing; and (3) the maturity date, the Company would enter into a registration rights
agreement with the applicable subscriber containing customary and usual terms pursuant to which the Company shall agree to prepare and
file with the SEC a registration statement on or prior to the 90th calendar day following the registration date, covering the resale
of any common stock received on conversion of such 2019 Paulson Notes, and shares of common stock underlying the Warrants. 

There
were no other significant changes to terms under the Second Paulson Amendment. 

2019
Paulson Note Conversions 

During
the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, the 2019 Paulson Notes were converted into 292,754 and 725,394 shares of common stock, respectively.
All of the 2019 Paulson notes were converted shares of common stock by December 31, 2020. 

Paycheck
Protection Program Loan 

In
connection with the 2020 Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security CARES Act ), the Company received loan funding
of approximately 83,000 under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ), which was forgiven by the U.S. Small Business Administration
on June 9, 2021. 

Funding
Requirements and Outlook 

At
September 30, 2021, we had approximately 6.9 million in cash deposits. Subsequent to September 30, 2021, we received gross proceeds
of approximately 13.4 million in the aggregate from the issuance and sale of common stock in the October 2021 underwritten public offering
described below. To date, we have generated limited revenues from commercialization and through milestone payments from our current collaboration
with Zimmer, and we expect to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing operating and net losses for the foreseeable future
until and unless we generate a higher level of revenue from commercial sales. 

Management has noted the existence of
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Additionally, our independent registered public accounting firm
and our former independent registered public accounting firm included explanatory paragraphs in the reports on our financial
statements as of and for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, noting the existence of substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern. Our existing cash may not be sufficient to fund our operating expenses through at least
twelve months from the date of this filing. To continue to fund operations, we will need to secure additional funding through public
or private equity or debt financings, through collaborations or partnerships with other companies or other sources. We may not be
able to raise additional capital on terms acceptable to us, or at all. Any failure to raise capital when needed could compromise our
ability to execute on our business plan. If we are unable to raise additional funds, or if our anticipated operating results are not
achieved, we believe planned expenditures may need to be reduced in order to extend the time period that existing resources can fund
our operations. If we are unable to obtain the necessary capital, it may have a material adverse effect on our operations and the
development of our technology, or we may have to cease operations altogether. 

For a discussion of potential fee payments under
the Zimmer Development Agreement, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
Financial Overview Collaborations Revenue, Note 7 Zimmer Development Agreement included in Item
8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Report and Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Zimmer
has exclusive global rights to distribute our strip and grid cortical electrodes and electrode cable assembly products. Zimmer s
failure to timely develop or commercialize these products would have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results.
Further, our inability to agree with Zimmer on dates of completion for product development, regulatory clearance and commercialization
milestones on which various fee payments to the Company are based under the Zimmer Development Agreement could have a material adverse
impact on our financial and operating results. 

71 

Our material cash requirements relate to the funding
of our ongoing product development and commercialization operations and our royalty obligations under our intellectual property licenses
with the Wisconsin Alumni Research Foundation WARF and the Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research Mayo ).
 See Item 1 Business Clinical Development and Regulatory Pathway Clinical Experience, Future Development
and Clinical Trial Plans in this Report for a discussion of design, development, pre-clinical and clinical activities that we may
conduct in the future, including expected cash expenditures required for some of those activities, to the extent we are able to estimate
such costs. In addition, we have agreements with the WARF Mayo that require us to make certain milestone and royalty payments. 

On
January 22, 2020, we entered into an Amended and Restated License Agreement (the WARF License with WARF, which amended
and restated in full our prior license agreement with WARF, dated October 1, 2014 (the Original WARF License ). Under the
WARF License, we have agreed to pay WARF a royalty equal to a single-digit percentage of our product sales pursuant to the WARF License,
with a minimum annual royalty payment of 50,000 for 2020, 100,000 for 2021 and 150,000 for 2022 and each calendar year thereafter
that the WARF License is in effect. The minimum annual royalty payment for calendar year 2020 in the amount of 50,000 was paid in January
2021. If we or any of our sublicensees contest the validity of any licensed patent, the royalty rate will be doubled during the pendency
of such contest and, if the contested patent is found to be valid and would be infringed by us if not for the WARF License, the royalty
rate will be tripled for the remaining term of the WARF License. 

Under
the Amended and Restated License and Development Agreement with Mayo (the Mayo Development Agreement ), we have agreed to
pay Mayo a royalty equal to a single-digit percentage of our product sales pursuant to the Mayo Development Agreement. Nothing further
was due until we started selling our products. As of September 30, 2021, 4,000 in royalty payments were earned by Mayo based on the
commencement of commercial sales in fiscal year 2021. 

Refer
to Item 1 Business WARF License , Item 1 Business Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and
Research License and Development Agreement , Item 1A Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business We depend
on intellectual property licensed from WARF for our technology under development, and the termination of this license would harm our
business and Item 1A Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business We depend on our partnership with Mayo
to license certain know how for the development and commercialization of our technology of this Report. 

The
development and commercialization of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology is subject to numerous uncertainties,
and we could use our cash resources sooner than we expect. Additionally, the process of developing medical devices is costly, and the
timing of progress in pre-clinical tests and clinical trials is uncertain. Our ability to successfully transition to profitability will
be dependent upon achieving further regulatory approvals and achieving a level of product sales adequate to support our cost structure.
We cannot assure you that we will ever be profitable or generate positive cash flow from operating activities. 

Cash
Flows 

The
following is a summary of cash flows for each of the periods set forth below. 

For the Year Ended 

September 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (8,602,826 
 (3,425,302 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (67,079 
 (122,427 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 11,534,854 
 7,323,377 
 
 Net increase in cash 
 2,864,949 
 3,775,648 

72 

Net
cash used in operating activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities was 8.6 million for the year ended September 30, 2021, which consisted of a net loss of 9.9 million
partially offset primarily by stock-based compensation, depreciation, amortization related to intangible assets, revaluation of convertible
notes, non-cash lease expense and Paycheck Protection Program loan forgiveness, totaling approximately 1.9 million in the aggregate.
The net change in our net operating assets and liabilities associated with fluctuations in our operating activities resulted in a cash
use of approximately 0.5 million. The year on year change in operating assets and liabilities was primarily attributable to a net decrease
in accounts payable and accrued expenses, and by an increase in our prepaid expenses. 

Net
cash used in operating activities was 3.4 million for the year ended September 30, 2020, which consisted of a net loss of 13.6 million
partially offset primarily by non-cash interest, stock-based compensation, depreciation, amortization related to intangible assets, revaluation
of convertible notes and loss on notes extinguishment, totaling approximately 10.6 million in the aggregate. The net change in our net
operating assets and liabilities associated with fluctuations in our operating activities resulted in a cash use of approximately 0.4
million. The year on year change in operating assets and liabilities was primarily attributable to a decrease in accounts payable and
accrued expenses, largely in connection with the payment of legal expenses, and by an increase in our prepaid expenses. 

Net
cash used in investing activities 

Net
cash used by investing activities for the year ended September 30, 2021 was 0.1 million and consisted of outlays for research and development
equipment. 

Net
cash used by investing activities for the year ended September 30, 2020 was 0.1 million and consisted of outlays for furniture and equipment. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was 11.5 million for the year ended September 30, 2021, which consisted primarily of net proceeds
received upon the issuance of the 2021 Private Placement in the amount of 11.3 million in the aggregate. There were also exercises of
stock options and warrants during the year ended September 30, 2021 resulting in additional cash proceeds of 0.3 million, offset in
part by deferred offering costs of 49,000. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was 7.3 million for the year ended September 30, 2020, which consisted primarily of net proceeds
received upon the issuance of the 2020 and 2019 Paulson Notes and the common stock offerings totaling 7.2 million in the aggregate,
and 0.1 million in proceeds received from the Paycheck Protection Program. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Our
management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. The preparation
of these financial statements requires us to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the dates of the balance sheets and the reported amounts of revenue
and expenses during the reporting periods. In accordance with GAAP, we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other
assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances at the time such estimates are made. Actual results may differ materially
from our estimates and judgments under different assumptions or conditions. We periodically review our estimates in light of changes
in circumstances, facts and experience. The effects of material revisions in estimates are reflected in our financial statements prospectively
from the date of the change in estimate. 

While
our significant accounting policies are more fully described in the notes to our financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Report,
we believe the following are the critical accounting policies used in the preparation of our financial statements that require significant
estimates and judgments. 

73 

Product
Revenue 

Revenues
from product sales are recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to our customers, in an amount that reflects
the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. At the inception of each contract, performance
obligations are identified and the total transaction price is allocated to the performance obligations. 

Cost
of Product Revenue 

Cost
of product revenue consists of the manufacturing and materials costs incurred by our third-party contract manufacturer in connection
with our strip and grid cortical electrodes (the Strip/Grid Products and outside supplier materials costs in connection
with the Electrode Cable Assembly Products. In addition, cost of product revenue includes royalty fees incurred in connection with our
license agreements. 

Collaborations
Revenue 

In
determining the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized as we fulfill our obligations under our agreements, we perform the following
steps: (i) identification of the promised goods or services in the contract; (ii) determination of whether the promised goods or services
are performance obligations including whether they are distinct in the context of the contract; (iii) measurement of the transaction
price, including the constraint on variable consideration; (iv) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations based
on estimated selling prices; and (v) recognition of revenue when (or as) we satisfy each performance obligation. 

A
performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer and is the unit of account in
Account Standards Codification ASC Topic 606. Performance obligations may include license rights, development services,
and services associated with regulatory submission and approval processes. Significant management judgment is required to determine the
level of effort required under an arrangement and the period over which we expect to complete our performance obligations under the arrangement.
If we cannot reasonably estimate when our performance obligations are either completed or become inconsequential, then revenue recognition
is deferred until we can reasonably make such estimates. Revenue is then recognized over the remaining estimated period of performance
using the cumulative catch-up method. 

As
part of the accounting for these arrangements, we must develop assumptions that require judgment to determine the stand-alone selling
price of each performance obligation identified in the contract. We use key assumptions to determine the stand-alone selling price, which
may include forecasted revenues, development timelines, reimbursement rates for personnel costs, discount rates and probabilities of
technical and regulatory success. We allocate the total transaction price to each performance obligation based on the estimated relative
standalone selling prices of the promised goods or service underlying each performance obligation. 

Licenses
of intellectual property : If the license to our intellectual property is determined to be distinct from the other performance obligations
identified in the arrangement, we recognize revenues from non-refundable, up-front fees allocated to the license when the license is
transferred to the customer, and the customer can use and benefit from the license. For licenses that are bundled with other promises,
we utilize judgment to assess the nature of the combined performance obligation to determine whether the combined performance obligation
is satisfied over time or at a point in time and, if over time, the appropriate method of measuring progress for purposes of recognizing
revenue from non-refundable, up-front fees. We evaluate the measure of progress each reporting period and, if necessary, adjust the measure
of performance and related revenue recognition. 

Milestone
payments : At the inception of each arrangement that includes milestone payments, we evaluate whether the milestones are considered
probable of being achieved and estimate the amount to be included in the transaction price using the most likely amount method. If it
is probable that a significant revenue reversal would not occur, the value of the associated milestone (such as a regulatory submission)
is included in the transaction price. Milestone payments that are not within our control, such as approvals from regulators, are not
considered probable of being achieved until those approvals are received. When our assessment of probability of achievement changes and
variable consideration becomes probable, any additional estimated consideration is allocated to each performance obligation based on
the estimated relative standalone selling prices of the promised goods or service underlying each performance obligation and recorded
in license, collaboration, and other revenues based upon when the customer obtains control of each element. 

74 

Royalties :
For arrangements that include sales-based royalties, including milestone payments based on the level of sales, and the license is deemed
to be the predominant item to which the royalties relate, we recognize revenue at the later of (a) when the related sales occur, or (b)
when the performance obligation to which some or all of the royalty has been allocated has been satisfied (or partially satisfied). 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

We
account for fair value measurements of assets and liabilities that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements
on a recurring or nonrecurring basis adhering to the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB fair value hierarchy that
prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted
prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to measurements involving
significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows: 

Level
1 Inputs: Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities accessible to the Company at the measurement
date. 

Level
2 Inputs: Other than quoted prices included in Level 1 inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly,
for substantially the full term of the asset or liability. 

Level
3 Inputs: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability used to measure fair value to the extent that observable inputs are not available,
thereby allowing for situations in which there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability at measurement date. 

As
of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the fair values of cash, accounts receivable, inventory, prepaid, other assets, accounts payable and
accrued expenses approximated their carrying values because of the short-term nature of these assets or liabilities. We elected to account
for the convertible notes while they were outstanding on a fair value basis under ASC 825 to comprehensively value and streamline the
accounting for the embedded conversion options. The fair value of these convertible notes were based on both the fair value of our common
stock, discount associated with the embedded redemption features, and cash flow models discounted at current implied market rates evidenced
in recent arms-length transactions representing expected returns by market participants for similar instruments and are based on Level
3 inputs. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

See
 Note 3 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies included in Item 8 Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data in this Report regarding the impact of certain recent accounting pronouncements on our financial
statements. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

75 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Baker Tilly US, LLP 
 
 77 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm BDO USA, LLP 
 
 79 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 
 80 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 
 81 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 
 82 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 83 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 84 to 107 

76 

Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of NeuroOne Medical
Technologies Corporation: 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of NeuroOne Medical
Technologies Corporation (the Company as of September 30, 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders 
equity and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September
30, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the
Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 of the financial statements, the Company has recurring losses from operations,
an accumulated deficit, expects to incur losses for the foreseeable future and needs additional working capital. These are the reasons
that raise substantial doubt about their ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are
also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not contain any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting
firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect
to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB
and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due
to error or fraud. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements,
whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis,
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe
that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matter communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion
on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

77 

Critical Audit Matter
Description 

Classification of warrants issued as permanent
equity 

As described in
Note 10 to the financial statements, the Company completed an equity offering during the year which included the issuance of
warrants. Management determined the proper classification of the warrants by reviewing the terms and conditions of the issued
warrants and applying the applicable accounting guidance, including Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 480 Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity and ASC 815 Derivatives and Hedging. Management concluded the warrants met the criteria for the
classification as permanent equity. 

The accounting guidance for determining the
proper classification of warrants is highly complex and subject to interpretation. A slight variation in the terms and conditions of the
warrant could results in the warrant being classified as a liability, which would also impact the statement of operations, as the subsequent
accounting for warrants treated as liabilities is significantly different from those classified as permanent equity. 

Due to the complexity in the accounting guidance,
the need for management judgment in applying the accounting guidance, and the fact that a slight change in terms can result in significant
changes in both the initial accounting and subsequent accounting for the warrants, we identified the evaluation of the classification
of the warrants issued during the year as a critical audit matter. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

The primary pr ocedures
we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 

As
 part of our risk assessment procedures, we evaluated the design and implementation of the
 Company s controls over the evaluation and application of the relevant accounting guidance
 to the specific terms and conditions within the warrant agreements. 

We
 obtained the Company s accounting analysis for the equity offering during the year.
 We compared the terms described in the Company s analysis to the terms of the respective
 agreements to determine the completeness and accuracy of the analysis performed. 

With
 the assistance of firm personnel having expertise in the accounting for complex equity instruments,
 we performed a detailed examination of the warrant agreement for the equity offering, with
 a primary focus on the key terms and conditions regarding the treatment of the warrants upon
 the occurrence of a fundamental transaction. As warrant holders can obtain cash from the
 Company only when a fundamental transaction is deemed to be within the Company s control,
 we agreed with the conclusion to classify the warrants within permanent equity. We also focused
 on the subsequent rights offering provision and its impact within the indexation guidance,
 noting the provision was appropriately evaluated when applying the indexation guidance. Therefore,
 it was determined this would not preclude the Company from classifying the warrants within
 permanent equity. 

We
 discussed with the Company s legal counsel the impact of these terms and conditions
 within the warrant agreements to support the Company s conclusion. 

/s/
Baker Tilly US, LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

Minneapolis, Minnesota 

December 15, 2021 

78 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

Shareholders and Board of Directors 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Eden Prairie, Minnesota 

Opinion on the Financial
Statements 

We have audited the accompanying
balance sheet of NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation (the Company as of September 30, 2020, the related statements
of operations, changes in stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the year ended September 30, 2020, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company at September 30, 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for the year ended September 30, 2020 , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern Uncertainty 

The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the
Company has suffered recurring losses from operations, negative cash flows from operations and an accumulated deficit that raise substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note
2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are
the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements
based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we were required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ BDO USA, LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor from 2016
to 2021. 

Minneapolis, Minnesota 

December 8, 2020 

79 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Balance Sheets 

As of September 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid and other assets 

Total current assets 

Intangible assets, net 

Right-of-use asset 

Property and equipment, net 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Convertible promissory notes (Note 8) 

Deferred revenue 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liability, long term 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 4) 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized as of September 30, 2021 and 2020; no shares issued or outstanding as of September 30, 2021 and 2020. 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized as of September 30, 2021 and 2020; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

80 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Statements of Operations 

Year ended September 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Product revenue 

Cost of product revenue 

Product gross loss 

Collaborations revenue 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 

Research and development 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Interest expense 

Net valuation change of instruments measured at fair value 

Loss on note extinguishment 

Other income 

Net loss 

Net loss per share: 

Basic and diluted 

Number of shares used in per share calculations: 

Basic and diluted 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

81 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Statement of Changes
in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid In 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance at September 30, 2019 

Issuance of common stock under securities purchase agreement 

Issuance of warrants in connection with convertible notes offering 

Conversion of convertible notes into common stock 

Issuance costs in connection with conversion of convertible notes into common stock 

Stock-based compensation 

Issuance of common stock for consulting services 

Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units 

Exercise of stock options 

Net loss 

Balance at September 30, 2020 

Issuance of common stock and warrants under securities
 purchase agreement 

Conversion of convertible notes into common stock 

Issuance costs in connection with securities issuances 

Issuance cost adjustment related to private placement 

Stock-based compensation 

Issuance of common stock for consulting services 

Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units 

Exercise of stock options 

Exercise of warrants 

Net loss 

Balance at September 30, 2021 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

82 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Statements of Cash Flows 

Year ended September 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Amortization and depreciation 

Stock-based compensation 

Non-cash interest on convertible promissory notes 

Payroll protection program loan forgiveness 

Fair value change of convertible promissory notes 

Issuance costs attributed to financing activities 

Non-cash lease expense 

Loss on notes extinguishment 

Change in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid and other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses, deferred revenue, operating lease and other liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Investing activities 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Financing activities 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible promissory notes 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock in connection with private placements 

Proceeds from issuance of warrants in connection with private placements 

Issuance costs in connection with convertible promissory notes 

Issuance costs in connection with private placements 

Exercise of warrants 

Exercise of stock-options 

Proceeds from paycheck protection program 

Deferred offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

Supplemental non-cash financing and investing transactions: 

Conversion of convertible promissory notes to equity 

Unpaid issuance costs and non-cash adjustments attributed to convertible notes and private placement 

Non-cash issuance of broker warrants in connection with convertible notes and private placements 

Operating lease right of use asset obtained in exchange for operating lease 

Payroll protection program loan forgiveness 

Unpaid deferred offering costs 

Unpaid purchases of property and equipment 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

83 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

under the Paycheck Protection Program, which was forgiven by the U.S. Small Business
Administration in June 2021. The development of the Company s technology was delayed in fiscal year 2021 due to interruptions
in global manufacturing and shipping as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Additionally, the Company s own staff has been impacted
by infections and mandatory quarantines. Further testing and clinical trials, manufacturing, component
supply, shipping and research and development operations may be further impacted by the continuing effects of COVID-19. 

million as of September 30, 2021. To date,
the Company s revenues have not been sufficient to cover its full operating costs, and as such, has been dependent on funding operations
through the issuance of debt and sale of equity securities. The Company does not have adequate liquidity to fund its operations without
raising additional funds and such actions are not solely within the control of the Company. These factors raise substantial doubt about
its ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this condition. If the Company is unable to raise additional funds, or the Company s anticipated operating results are not achieved,
management believes planned expenditures may need to be reduced in order to extend the time period that existing resources can fund the
Company s operations. The Company intends to fund ongoing activities by utilizing its current cash on hand, from product and collaborations
revenue and by raising additional capital through equity or debt financings. If management is unable to obtain the necessary capital,
it may have a material adverse effect on the operations of the Company and the development of its technology, or the Company may have
to cease operations altogether. There was also substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern
for the financial statements as of and for the year ended September 30, 2020. 

84 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

operating segment,
which is the business of development and commercialization of products related to comprehensive neuromodulation cEEG and sEEG recording,
monitoring, ablation, and brain stimulation solutions. Accordingly, the Company has a single reporting segment. 

million of deposits in excess of federally insured amounts. 

85 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

86 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

Total liabilities at fair value 

Conversion of convertible promissory notes to common stock 

Change in fair value including accrued interest 

Balance as of end of period September 30, 2021 

87 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

Fair value attributed to note extinguishment 

Conversion of convertible promissory notes to common stock 

Change in fair value including accrued interest 

Balance as of end of period September 30, 2020 

licensing agreements with major research institutions, which allow for access to certain patented technology
and know-how. Payments under those agreements are capitalized and amortized to general and administrative expense over the expected useful
life of the acquired technology. 

and for software. Tangible assets acquired for research and development activities and that have alternative
use are capitalized over the useful life of the acquired asset. Estimated useful lives are periodically reviewed, and, when appropriate,
changes are made prospectively. Software purchased for internal use consists primarily of amounts paid for perpetual licenses to third-party
software providers and installation costs. When certain events or changes in operating conditions occur, asset lives may be adjusted and
an impairment assessment may be performed on the recoverability of the carrying amounts. Maintenance and repairs are charged directly
to expense as incurred. 

88 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

Stock options 

Restricted stock units 

Unissued vested restricted stock units 

Convertible notes 

89 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

90 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

for 2020,
 for 2021 and for 2022 and each calendar year thereafter that the WARF License is in effect. The minimum annual royalty
payment for calendar year 2020 in the amount of was paid in January 2021. If we or any of our sublicensees contest the validity
of any licensed patent, the royalty rate will be doubled during the pendency of such contest and, if the contested patent is found to
be valid and would be infringed by us if not for the WARF License, the royalty rate will be tripled for the remaining term of the WARF
License. 

in royalty fees were incurred given the commencement of commercial sales and were reflected as a component of cost of product revenue
during the year ended September 30, 2021. 

91 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

in Rule 11 sanctions and Fredrickson
 in Rule 11 sanctions with respect to PMT s misconduct relating to the Fredrickson noncompete. PMT and its former litigation
counsel, Barnes Thornburg, were jointly and severally liable for these awards, which were paid on December 11, 2020 and have been
recognized in other income in the statements of operations. The Court granted NeuroOne, Inc. s motion to amend to permit its assertion
of the right to assert a punitive damages claim against PMT associated with fighting the allegations relating to the Fredrickson noncompete. 

92 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

square feet. The Company took possession of the office space on July 2, 2021. The initial
monthly rent under the New Lease is approximately . 

per month. 

and , respectively. 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: 

Operating leases 

Lease liability 

Weighted average remaining lease term (years) 

Weighted average discount rate 

93 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

2022 

2023 

2024 

2025 

Total lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

Total 

Short-term portion 

Long-term portion 

Deferred offering costs 

Other 

Total 

- years 

Less: amortization 

() 
 
 Net Intangibles, September 30, 2020 

Less: amortization 

() 
 
 Net Intangibles, September 30, 2021 

per year for fiscal year 2022 through 2026 based upon the two current license agreements. 

Software 

Total property and equipment 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

and for
the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

94 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

Operating lease liability, short term 

Accrued issuance costs 

Royalty Fees 

Other 

Total 

95 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

million (the Initial Exclusivity
Fee to the Company. 

, plus the amount of any Interim Fee Bonuses earned pursuant to Section 6.1(c), including
any such Interim Fee Bonus earned after June 30, 2021 pursuant to Section 6.1(c)(iv) following the delivery of a Design Modification
Notice; 

, plus if Zimmer timely issues a Design A-9 Modification Notice,
any Interim Fee Bonus earned pursuant to Section 6.1(c)(iv); 

; and 

. 

96 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

and during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to the development
of the Products completed during the periods in connection with the Initial Exclusivity Fee payment. The Zimmer Development Agreement
was accounted for under the provisions of ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. 

Revenue recognized 

Balance as of September 30, 2020 

Revenue recognized 

Balance as of September 30, 2021 

. 

for the year ended September
30, 2021. Advertising expense during the prior year period was negligible. 

Accrued interest 

Fair value adjustments 

97 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

convertible promissory notes (each, a 2019 Paulson Note 
and collectively, the 2019 Paulson Notes and warrants (each, a 2019 Paulson Warrant and collectively, the
 2019 Paulson Warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock. 

to the subscribers for gross proceeds equaling the principal amount. The 2019 Paulson Private
Placement terminated on December 3, 2019. 

per annum and required the Company to repay the principal and accrued and unpaid interest thereon on November 1, 2020 (the Maturity
Date ). Interest on principal amounted to and during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively,
and was recorded under the net valuation change of instruments measured at fair value in the statements of operations. The subscriber,
prior to the Second 2019 Paulson Notes Amendment, had the option to convert the outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest
of such subscriber s 2019 Paulson Note (the Outstanding Balance into common stock in an amount equal to the Outstanding
Balance divided by the ten day volume weighted average closing price of the common stock prior to conversion. In addition, both before
and after the Second 2019 Paulson Note Amendment, if the Company raised more than in an equity financing (the Qualified
Financing before the Maturity Date, each subscriber had the option to convert the Outstanding Balance into the securities issued
by the Company in such Qualified Financing in an amount equal to Change of control meant a merger or consolidation with another entity in which the Company s stockholders did
not own more than of the outstanding voting power of the surviving entity or the disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s
assets. 

and was recorded to interest expense in the statements of operations during the year ended September 30,
2020. Subsequent to issuance, the fair value change of the 2019 Paulson Notes amounted to a benefit of and during the
years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and was recorded under the net valuation change of instruments measured at fair
value in the statements of operations. 

As of the final closing on December 3, 2019, the
Company issued 2019 Paulson Warrants exercisable for shares of common stock in connection with all closings of the 2019 Paulson
Private Placement. The 2019 Paulson Warrants are immediately exercisable and expire on . The exercise price is subject
to adjustment in the event of any stock dividends or splits, reverse stock split, recapitalization, reorganization or similar transaction,
as described therein. The 2019 Paulson warrants were deemed to be a free-standing instrument and were accounted for as equity. Given that
the fair value of the 2019 Paulson Notes exceeded the proceeds received at issuance, there was no value attributed to the 2019 Paulson
Warrants in the financial statements. 

98 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

during the year ended September 30, 2020. Lastly, in connection
with the Second 2019 Paulson Notes Amendment, legal costs in the amount of were incurred and recorded as a component of interest
in the accompanying statements of operations. 

and shares of common stock, respectively. All of the 2019 Paulson notes
were converted into shares of common stock by December 31, 2020. 

convertible promissory notes (each, a 2020 Paulson Note 
and collectively, the 2020 Paulson Notes and warrants (each, a 2020 Paulson Warrant and collectively, the
 2020 Paulson Warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock. 

to the Subscribers. The 2020 Paulson Private Placement was terminated
on June 30, 2020. 

99 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

per annum and require the Company to repay the principal and accrued and unpaid interest thereon on the earlier of December 31,
2020 or a change of control transaction. Interest on principal amounted to during the year ended September 30, 2020 and was recorded
under the net valuation change of instruments measured at fair value in the statements of operations. 

upon the execution of such transaction or definitive agreement, and provides for terms of collaboration,
manufacturing, distribution, licensing or supply of the Company s products (a Strategic Transaction before the maturity
date, without any action on the part of the subscribers, the Outstanding Balance would be converted into that number of shares of common
stock equal to: (i) the Outstanding Balance divided by (ii) the lower of 0.6 multiplied by (A) the VWAP of the common stock for the ten
(10) trading days immediately preceding the first announcement of the Strategic Transaction or (B) closing price of the common stock on
the day preceding the first announcement by the Company of a Strategic Transaction. 

and was recorded to interest expense in the statements of operations during
the year ended September 30, 2020. Subsequent to issuance, the fair value change of the 2020 Paulson Notes amounted to an expense of 
during the year ended September 30, 2020 and was recorded under the net valuation change of instruments measured at fair value in the
statements of operations. 

. The 2020 Paulson Warrants are immediately exercisable
and expire on April 30, 2023. The exercise price is subject to adjustment in the event of any stock dividends or splits, reverse stock
split, recapitalization, reorganization or similar transaction. The Company issued 2020 Paulson Warrants exercisable for shares
of common stock in connection with all closings of the 2020 Paulson Private Placement through June 30, 2020. The 2020 Paulson warrants
were deemed to be a free-standing instrument and were accounted for as equity. Given that the fair value of the 2020 Paulson Notes exceeded
the proceeds received at issuance, there was no value attributed to the 2020 Paulson Warrants in the financial statements. 

100 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

of the gross proceeds from the sale of the 2020 Paulson Notes and received -year warrants to purchase
an amount of common stock equal to Broker Warrants ). The Broker Warrants have an exercise price equal to 
per share. The issuance costs incurred during the year ended September 30, 2020 in connection with the 2020 Paulson Private Placement
were . Issuance costs included cash commissions equal to and legal and third-party fees in the amount of .
In addition, issuance costs included the value of the Broker Warrants in the amount of . The issuance costs were recorded as a
component of interest in the accompanying statements of operations. 

Research and development 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

shares of common stock for issuance under the 2016 and 2017 Equity Incentive Plans on a combined basis. 

and stock options were granted to employees, directors and consultants, respectively, with a weighted average grant
date fair value of and per share, respectively. The options granted have vesting periods ranging from being immediate to . All options expire from the date of grant. The total expense for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 related
to the stock options was and , respectively. 

101 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited/Cancelled 

Outstanding at September 30, 2020 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited/Cancelled 

Outstanding at September 30, 2021 

Vested and exercisable at September 30, 2021 

and per share, respectively. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and outstanding options,
respectively, had no intrinsic value. 

Expected life of options (years) 

Expected dividend yield 

Risk free interest rate 

and stock options vested, respectively. 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Vested 

Non-vested at September 30, 2020 

Granted 

Vested 

Non-vested at September 30, 2021 

102 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

and RSUs were granted to members of the Company s board of directors and consultants that vest over a period
ranging from an immediate to a period, with a grant date fair value of and per unit, respectively. During the years
ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, and RSUs vested, respectively. The total expense for the years ended September 30, 2021
and 2020 related to the RSU s was and , respectively. The number of RSUs forfeited during the years ended September
30, 2021 and 2020 was and , respectively. 

shares of common stock were issued and vested as of September 30, 2021. 

shares of common stock were issued and vested as of September 30, 2021. 

and 
for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and was included in stock-based compensation expense. The expense recognition
related to the grants was based on the fair value of the underlying common stock at the point of vesting which ranged from to 
per share. 

shares were
available for future issuance on a combined basis under the 2016 and 2017 Equity Incentive Plans. Unrecognized stock-based compensation
was million as of September 30, 2021. The unrecognized share-based expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period
of years. 

103 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

shares of the common stock of the Company and warrants to purchase an aggregate of
 shares of common stock (the 2021 Warrants at an aggregate purchase price of per share of common stock and
corresponding warrant, resulting in total gross proceeds of million before deducting placement agent fees and estimated offering
expenses. The 2021 Warrants have an initial exercise price of per share. The 2021 Warrants are immediately exercisable and will
expire on the fifth anniversary of issuance. Prior to expiration, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the 2021 Warrants,
the holders of such 2021 Warrants may exercise the 2021 Warrants for shares of common stock by providing notice to the Company and paying
the exercise price per share for each share so exercised or by utilizing the cashless exercise feature contained in each
2021 Warrant. The fair value of the 2021 Warrants was million and was based on the Black-Scholes pricing model. Input assumptions
used were as follows: a risk-free interest rate of ; expected volatility of ; expected life of years; expected dividend yield
of ; and the underlying traded stock price. million of the total proceeds was allocated to the 2021 Warrants based on the
relative fair value allocation method, which has been reflected in stockholders equity. The 2021 Warrants were classified in stockholders 
equity as the number of shares were fixed and determinable, and no other provisions precluded equity treatment. The private placement
closed on January 14, 2021. 

shares
to such investor, at per share for gross proceeds amounting to . 

shares of the Company s common stock to the accredited investors at a price of per share, for gross proceeds amounting
to . The Company filed a registration statement with the SEC covering the resale of the shares of common stock sold in the private
placement on August 11, 2020. 

- 

Issued 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Outstanding and exercisable at September 30, 2020 

- 

Issued 

Exercised 

() 

- 

Forfeited 

Outstanding and exercisable at September 30, 2021 

- 

104 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

Total 

percent. A reconciliation of income tax computed at the statutory federal income tax
rate to the provision (benefit) for income taxes included in the accompanying statements of operations for the years ended September 30
is as follows: 

State income tax, net of federal benefit 

Disqualified interest and other 

Research credits 

Stock-based compensation 

Valuation allowance 

Effective tax rate 

Acquired intangibles 

Accruals and other 

Research and development credit carryforwards 

Stock-based compensation 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Fixed assets 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

105 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

and , respectively. Realization of the deferred assets is primarily
dependent upon future taxable income, if any, the amount and timing of which are uncertain. The Company has had significant pre-tax losses
since its inception. The Company has not yet generated revenues from sales and faces significant challenges to becoming profitable. Accordingly,
the net deferred tax assets have been fully offset by a valuation allowance of approximately and as of September
30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The U.S. net deferred tax assets will continue to require a valuation allowance until the Company can
demonstrate their realizability through sustained profitability or another source of income. 

and , respectively. The Company had federal research
credit carryforwards as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 of approximately and , respectively. The federal net operating
loss incurred prior to January 1, 2018 and tax credit carryforwards will begin to expire in 2036 if not utilized. Federal net operating
losses incurred after December 31, 2017 will not expire. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company had state net operating loss carryforwards
of approximately and , respectively. The Company had state research credit carryforwards of approximately 
and as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The state net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2031,
if not utilized, and the state research credit carryforwards will begin to expire in 2032 if not utilized. 

of their compensation through payroll
withholdings into the 401K Plan subject to federal law limits. The Company may match of deferrals up to of one s contributions.
The Company s matching contributions to employee deferrals are discretionary. The Company may also make discretionary profit sharing
contributions under the 401K Plan in the future, but it has not done so through September 30, 2021. 

106 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

vested upon contribution.
Discretionary employer matches to employee deferrals vest over a six year period beginning on the second anniversary of an employee s
date of hire. Discretionary profit sharing contributions vest over a five year period beginning on the first anniversary of an employee s
date of hire. The amount of contributions made by the Company under the 401K Plan during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 was
 and zero, respectively. 

shares of its common stock to be used exclusively for grants of awards to individuals who were not previously employees or directors
of the Company, as an inducement material to the individual s entry into employment with the Company within the meaning of Rule
5635(c)(4) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules. The Plan was approved by the Company s Board of Directors without stockholder approval in
accordance with such rule. 

million prior to deducting underwriting discounts and other offering expenses payable by the Company. 

107 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURE 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) which are controls and other procedures that are designed to provide
reasonable assurance that that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to
allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As of September 30, 2021, our management, with
the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation
of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Disclosure controls and
procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports
we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level
as of September 30, 2021. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that,
in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and Board;
and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, recognizes that our internal control over financial reporting cannot prevent or detect all errors
and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the
control system s objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints,
and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems,
no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues
and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about
the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential
future conditions. 

Management, with the participation of the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, the end
of our fiscal year. Management based its assessment on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that evaluation, management has concluded that the Company s
internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2021. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

No change in our system of internal control over
financial reporting occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2021 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING
FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

108 

PART III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors and Executive Officers 

The Board of Directors of the Company (the Board is divided into three classes. Members of each class serve staggered three-year terms. The following table provides information as to
each person who is, as of the filing hereof, a director and/or executive officer of the Company: 

Name 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Age 
 
 David Rosa 
 
 Class II Director, Chief Executive Officer, and President 
 
 57 
 
 Mark Christianson 
 
 Business Development Director, Medical Sales Liaison 
 
 54 
 
 Steve Mertens 
 
 Chief Technology Officer 
 
 59 
 
 Ronald McClurg 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 63 
 
 Jeffrey Mathiesen 
 
 Class III Director 
 
 61 
 
 Paul Buckman 
 
 Class I Director and Chairman of the Board 
 
 66 
 
 Edward Andrle 
 
 Class III Director 
 
 64 

No Family Relationships 

There is no family relationship
between any director and executive officer or among any directors or executive officers. 

Business Experience and Background of Directors
and Executive Officers 

David Rosa has
served as the Chief Executive Officer, President and a director of the Company since July 2017 and served as Chief Executive Officer and
a director of NeuroOne, Inc., formerly our wholly-owned subsidiary, from October 2016 until December 2019, when NeuroOne, Inc. merged
with and into the Company. From November 2009 to November 2015, Mr. Rosa served as the chief executive officer and president of Sunshine
Heart, Inc., n/k/a Nuwellis, Inc. (Nasdaq: NUWE), a publicly-held early-stage medical device company. From 2008 to November 2009, Mr.
Rosa served as chief executive officer of Milksmart, Inc., a company that specializes in medical devices for animals. From 2004 to 2008,
Mr. Rosa served as the vice president of global marketing for cardiac surgery and cardiology at St. Jude Medical, Inc. Currently, he serves
as a director on the board of directors of Biotricity Inc. (Nasdaq: BTCY) Biorestorative Therapies (Nasdaq: BRTX) and Healthcare Triangle,
Inc. (Nasdaq: HCTI). Mr. Rosa holds an MBA from Duquesne University and a B.S. in Commerce and Engineering from Drexel University. 

Mr. Rosa s qualifications
to serve on the Board include his senior leadership experience in the medical device industry. In addition, his day-to-day leadership
of the Company gives him critical insights into the Company s operations, strategy and competition, and he facilitates the Board s
ability to perform its oversight function. Throughout his career at the Company and his former positions, he has demonstrated strong technical,
strategic, and operational expertise, and he possesses in-depth knowledge of the medical device industry on a global basis. 

Mark Christianson is
a co-founder of the Company and has served as Business Development Director and Medical Sales Liaison of the Company since February 2019.
Previously, he served as Vice President of Business Development and Marketing of the Company from July 2017 until February 2019 and served
as vice president of sales and marketing of our wholly-owned subsidiary, NeuroOne, Inc., since December 2016. From May 2013 to December
2016 Mr. Christianson served as North American sales manager for Cortec Corporation. From February 2012 to May 2013 Mr. Christianson held
the position of business development executive for Robert Half International. From May 2009 to February 2012, Mr. Christianson held the
position of regional sales manager for PMT Corporation. Mr. Christianson studied accounting at Augsburg College in Minneapolis. Mr. Christianson
brings 15 years of high performing sales, sales management, and project management experience to the NeuroOne team. In addition, he has
contributed to the development and corporate strategy of the Company given his experience in the neurological field and his close relationships
with key epilepsy opinion leaders. 

109 

Steve Mertens has
served as Chief Technology Officer of the Company since April 2019. From September 2018 through April 2019, Mr. Mertens was a consultant
at Steve Mertens Consulting, L.L.C., of which he was the principal and owner. From November 2012 through September 2018, Mr. Mertens served
as the senior vice president of research and development and operations at Nuvaira Inc., a privately held lung denervation company developing
minimally invasive product for obstructive lung diseases. Prior to Nuvaira , Mr. Mertens served as a senior vice president of research
and development for Boston Scientific Corporation (NYSE: BSX), guiding a wide range of technologies through product development for the
cardiology, electrophysiology and peripheral vascular markets. He holds a bachelor s degree in chemical engineering from the University
of Minnesota and a Master s degree in business administration from the University of St. Thomas. Currently, he serves on the board
of directors of the University Enterprise Laboratories. 

Ronald McClurg has served as Chief
Financial Officer of the Company since January 2021. Prior to joining the Company, from October 2003 to June 2019, Mr. McClurg served
as vice president - finance administration and chief financial officer of Incisive Surgical, Inc., a privately-held medical device
manufacturer. From 1997 to 2002, Mr. McClurg served as chief financial officer and treasurer of Wavecrest Corporation, a privately-held
manufacturer of electronic test instruments for the semiconductor industry. Prior to 1997, Mr. McClurg served as chief financial officer
for several publicly-held companies, including Video Sentry Corporation, Insignia Systems, Inc. (Nasdaq: ISIG), and Orthomet, Inc. Currently,
he serves on the board of governors of Biomagnetic Sciences, LLC. Mr. McClurg holds a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in accounting
from the University of Wisconsin Eau Claire. 

Paul Buckman has served as Chairman
of the Board of the Company since August 2017, and served as Chairman of the board of NeuroOne, Inc., from October 2016 until December
2019. Mr. Buckman has served as the president of North America for LivaNova PLC (Nasdaq: LIVN) since April 2019 and previously served
as the general manager of Structural Heart for LivaNova PLC from April 2017 to December 2019. Prior to joining LivaNova PLC, Mr. Buckman
served as chief executive officer of Conventus Orthopaedics, a Minnesota-based company specializing in peri-articular bone fracture fixation,
from September 2013 until March of 2017. Mr. Buckman was chief executive officer of Sentreheart, Inc., a medical technology company focused
on closure of various anatomic structures, from February 2012 to September 2013. Previously, Mr. Buckman served as chief executive officer
and chairman of Pathway Medical Technologies, Inc., a medical device company focused on treatment of peripheral arterial disease, from
September 2008 to February 2012; as chief executive officer of Devax, Inc., a developer and manufacturer of drug eluting stents, from
December 2006 to September 2008; as president of the cardiology division of St. Jude Medical, Inc., a publicly traded diversified medical
products company, from August 2004 to December 2006; and as chairman of the board of directors and chief executive officer of ev3, LLC,
a Minnesota-based medical device company focused on endovascular therapies that Mr. Buckman co-founded from January 2001 to January 2004.
Mr. Buckman has worked in the medical device industry for over 40 years, including 10 years at Scimed Life Systems, Inc. and Boston Scientific
Corporation (NYSE: BSX), a publicly traded medical device manufacturer, where he held several executive positions before becoming president
of the cardiology division in January 2000. Mr. Buckman also currently serves as a director for Helius Medical Technologies Corporation
(Nasdaq: HSDT), Ablative Solutions, Inc., ActivOrtho, Inc., a privately held company, Shoulder Innovations, Inc., a privately held company,
MDMA, and as chairman of Miromatrix, Inc. He previously served as a director of Aortica, Inc., DyaMX, Inc., Conventus Orthopaedics, Caisson
Interventional LLC, Velocimed, Inc., where he was a co-founder, EndiCor, Inc., Microvena, Inc., Sunshine Heart, Inc., n/k/a Nuwellis,
Inc. (Nasdaq: NUWE), a publicly-held early-stage medical device company, NexGen Medical, and Micro Therapeutics, Inc. Mr. Buckman received
a Master s degree in Business Administration and Finance and a B.A. degree in Business Administration from Western Michigan University.
We believe that Mr. Buckman s strong executive experience in medical device companies provides the Company with valuable guidance
on product development and operational matters. 

110 

Jeffrey Mathiesen has
served as a member of the Board of the Company since August 2017, and served as a director of NeuroOne, Inc., from April 2017 until December
2019. He has served as chief financial officer of Helius Medical Technologies, Inc. (Nasdaq: HSDT), a publicly traded medical device company,
developing noninvasive platform technologies focused on neurological wellness since June 2021, where he previously served as a director
and audit committee chair from June 2020 until June 2021. Additionally, Mr. Mathiesen has served as vice chair and lead independent director
since March 2020 and as director and audit committee chair, since 2015, of Panbela Therapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq: PBLA), a publicly traded
biopharmaceutical company developing therapies for pancreatic diseases, and from 2018 to 2020 he served as a member of the board of directors
of eNeura, Inc., a privately-held medical technology company providing therapy for both acute treatment and prevention of migraine. Mr.
Mathiesen served as advisor to the CEO of Teewinot Life Sciences Corporation, a privately held global leader in the biosynthetic development
and production of cannabinoids and their derivatives for consumer and pharmaceutical products from October 2019 to December 2019, and
served as chief financial officer from March 2019 to October 2019. In August 2020, Teewinot Life Insurance Sciences filed a voluntary
petition under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. Mr. Mathiesen previously served as chief financial officer of Gemphire
Therapeutics Inc., which was acquired by NeuroBo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq: NRBO) in January 2020, a publicly-held clinical-stage
biopharmaceutical company developing therapies for patients with cardiometabolic disorders, from 2015 to 2018, and as chief financial
officer of Sunshine Heart, Inc., n/k/a Nuwellis, Inc. (Nasdaq: NUWE), a publicly-held early-stage medical device company, from 2011 to
2015. Mr. Mathiesen received a B.S. in Accounting from the University of South Dakota and is a Certified Public Accountant. We believe
that Mr. Mathiesen brings financial insight and leadership and a wealth of experience in capital markets to the Board, as well as knowledge
of public company accounting and financial reporting requirements and familiarity with the life sciences industry. 

Edward Andrle has
served as a member of the Board of the Company since February 2020. He is also a member of the Board of Rainbow Medical, a medical device
incubator in Israel, since August 2020. Mr. Andrle most recently served as the general manager of Neuromodulation of LivaNova PLC (Nasdaq:
LIVN), a publicly-traded medical device company, from January 2018 to January 2020, and as senior vice president of strategy and business
development of LivaNova PLC from September 2015 to January 2018. Prior to these roles, Mr. Andrle served as vice president of business
development and strategy of Sorin S.p.A from 2010 to September 2015, when Sorin S.p.A. was merged with Cyberonics, Inc. to become LivaNova
PLC. Prior to joining Sorin, he co-founded three medical device companies, Myocor Inc., TERAMED Inc. and StarFire Medical Inc. All three
companies were eventually acquired. He also held executive positions with Boston Scientific, Inc. (NYSE: BSX) and Baxter International,
Inc. (NYSE: BAX), leading large product portfolios in cardiovascular and dialysis. Mr. Andrle received his MBA from Stanford Graduate
School of Business and his B.S. in Chemical Engineering from the University of Notre Dame. We believe that Mr. Andrle s substantial
experience in medical device companies and business development experience provides the Company with valuable insight on product development
and strategy. 

Board and Committee Information 

During the Company s
fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, the Board held a total of eleven meetings, and each director attended at least 75 of such meetings.
Under the policies of the Board, Directors are expected to attend regular Board meetings, Board committee meetings, as applicable, and
the Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Board Leadership Structure 

Our Board is currently chaired
by Paul Buckman, who has authority, among other things, to call and preside over meetings of our Board, to set meeting agendas and to
determine materials to be distributed to the Board and, accordingly, has substantial ability to shape the work of the Board. The positions
of our chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer are presently separated. Separating these positions allows our Chief Executive
Officer, Mr. Rosa, to focus on our day-to-day business, while allowing Mr. Buckman to lead the Board. 

Role of the Board in Risk Oversight 

Our Board does not have a
standing risk management committee, but rather administers its risk oversight function directly through the Board as a whole. The Board s
risk oversight is administered primarily through the following: 

review and approval of an annual business plan; 

review of a summary of risks and opportunities at meetings
of the Board; 

review of business developments, business plan implementation
and financial results; 

oversight of internal controls over financial reporting; and 

review of employee compensation and its relationship to our
business plans. 

111 

Structure and Operation of the Board 

Because our Common Stock is
listed on Nasdaq, the Company is subject to the Nasdaq listing requirements regarding committee matters. The Company currently has the
following committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

The nominating and corporate
governance committee reviews, evaluates and seeks out candidates qualified to become Board members. The Board includes individuals with
a diversity of experience, including scientific, business, financial and academic backgrounds. Nominations may be submitted by directors,
officers, employees, stockholders and others for recommendation to the Board. In fulfilling this responsibility, the Company s nominating
and corporate governance committee also consults with the Board and the Chief Executive Officer concerning director candidates. The nominating
and corporate governance committee s charter is available on our website, www.n1mtc.com , under Investors Governance . 

The responsibilities of the
Company s nominating and corporate governance committee include the following: 

reviewing, evaluating and seeking out candidates qualified
to become members of the Board; 

reviewing committee structure and recommending directors for
appointment to committees; 

developing, reevaluating (not less frequently than every three
years) and recommending the selection criteria for board and committee membership; 

establishing procedures to oversee evaluation of the board,
its committees, individual directors and management; and 

developing and recommending guidelines on corporate governance. 

The current members of our
nominating and corporate governance committee are Mr. Buckman, Mr. Andrle, and Mr. Mathiesen, each of whom has been determined by the
Board to be independent under the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. Mr. Andrle is the chair of the nominating and
corporate governance committee. 

Compensation Committee 

The compensation committee s
charter is available on our website, www.n1mtc.com , under Investors Governance . The responsibilities of the compensation
committee include the following: 

fixing salaries of executive officers and reviewing salary
plans for other executives in senior management positions; 

reviewing and making recommendations with respect to the compensation
and benefits for the Company s non-employee directors, including through equity-based plans; 

evaluating the performance of the Company s chief executive
officer and other senior executives and assisting the Board in developing and evaluating potential candidates for executive positions;
and 

administering the Company s incentive compensation,
deferred compensation and equity-based plans pursuant to the terms of the respective plans. 

112 

The current members of the
compensation committee include Mr. Buckman, Mr. Andrle, and Mr. Mathiesen. Mr. Buckman is the chair of the compensation committee. The
compensation committee may form and delegate authorities to subcommittees as appropriate, including, but not limited to, a subcommittee
composed of one or more members of the Board or officers of the Company to grant stock awards under the Company s equity incentive
plans. 

To qualify as independent
to serve on the Company s compensation committee, the listing standards of Nasdaq require a director not to accept any consulting,
advisory, or other compensatory fee from the Company, other than for service on the Board, and that the Board consider whether a director
is affiliated with the Company and, if so, whether such affiliation would impair the director s judgment as a member of the Company s
compensation committee. The Board has concluded that the members of the compensation committee meet the requirements for independence
under the rules and regulations of Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Audit Committee Matters 

The audit committee reviews
with management and the Company s independent public accountants the Company s financial statements, the accounting principles
applied in their preparation, the scope of the audit, any comments made by the independent accountants upon the financial condition of
the Company and its accounting controls and procedures and such other matters as the audit committee deems appropriate. The audit committee s
charter is available on our website, www.n1mtc.com , under Investors Governance . 

The audit committee currently
consists of three directors: Mr. Buckman, Mr. Mathiesen and Mr. Andrle. The Board has determined that each of Mr. Buckman, Mr. Mathiesen
and Mr. Andrle is independent under Nasdaq independence standards. Additionally, the Board has determined that each of Mr.
Mathiesen and Mr. Buckman qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined in rules promulgated
by the SEC. The designation of an audit committee financial expert does not impose upon such persons any duties, obligations
or liabilities that are greater than those generally imposed on each of them as a member of the audit committee and the Board, and such
designation does not affect the duties, obligations or liabilities of any other member of the audit committee or the Board. Mr. Mathiesen
is the chair of the audit committee. 

The functions of the audit
committee include: 

Selecting our independent auditors; 

Reviewing the results and scope of the audit and other services
provided by our independent auditors; and 

Reviewing and evaluating our audit and control functions. 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

Our Board has adopted a code
of business conduct and ethics that applies to all of our employees, officers and directors, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief
Financial Officer and other executive officers. We intend to disclose future amendments to certain provisions of our code of business
conduct and ethics, or waivers of these provisions, in public filings. A copy of the code of business conduct and ethics is available
on our website, www.n1mtc.com , under Investors Governance . 

Hedging Policy 

As part of its insider trading
policy, the Board has implemented an anti-hedging policy that applies to the Board, executive officers and employees. Under this policy,
these persons are prohibited from engaging in various trading practices which would suggest speculation in Company securities, including
financial instruments such as prepaid variable forwards, equity swaps, collars and exchange funds or other hedging transactions. 

Corporate Governance Guidelines 

Our Board has adopted Corporate
Governance Guidelines that set forth expectations for directors, director independence standards, Board structure and functions and other
policies for the governance of the Company. 

113 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION . 

Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year
2021 

The following table shows
the compensation earned or received during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 and the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020 by each
of our named executive officers (as determined pursuant to the SEC s disclosure requirements for executive compensation in Item
402 of Regulation S-K). 

Name
and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Option Awards )(1) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Dave Rosa, 
 2021 
 410,844 
 1,285,899 
 192,608 
 
 1,889,351 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 
 2020 
 403,914 
 547,091 
 171,886 
 
 1,122,891 

Ron McClurg, 
 2021 
 187,500 
 290,498 
 44,531 
 
 522,529 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2020 

Steve Mertens, 
 2021 
 242,631 
 72,169 
 56,338 
 
 371,138 
 
 Chief Technology Officer 
 2020 
 238,966 
 
 49,281 
 
 288,247 

(1) Amounts reported reflect the aggregate
grant date fair value of option awards, calculated in accordance with FASB Topic 718, excluding the impact of potential forfeitures.
The weighted-average assumptions used in the valuation of option awards under the Black-Scholes option-pricing model are set forth under
 Stock Options in Note 9 to the Company s financial statements in this Report on Form 10-K. 

Narrative to Summary Compensation Table 

The compensation program for
the Company s named executive officers for fiscal 2021 had three components: base salary, annual cash bonus and stock option grants. 

Base Salary . There
was a 1.3 increase for cost of living adjustments for the Company s named executive officers for calendar year 2021, as compared
to calendar year 2020, except for Mr. McClurg, who joined the Company in January 2021. 

Non-Equity Incentive Plan .
In fiscal 2021, each of the Company s named executive officers had a target bonus, set forth as a percentage of annual base salary.
In fiscal 2021, target bonuses for the Company s named executive officers other than Mr. Rosa s were 25 of base salary. Mr.
Rosa s target bonus was set at 50 of base salary pursuant to his employment agreement, as described below. 

114 

In February 2021, the Board
established weighted performance targets for fiscal 2021 that it would consider in approving bonus payments for fiscal 2021. These targets
included various corporate objectives related to uplisting the Company s Common Stock, regulatory submissions, certain research
and development, and commercialization milestones, and cash burn targets. In October 2021, the Compensation Committee determined that
95 of the performance targets had been met, and approved the bonus payments to Messrs. Rosa, McClurg and Mertens at 95 each of their
respective targets, which targets were 50 , 25 and 25 of each of their base salaries, respectively, as discussed above. 

Equity Grants . In connection
with Mr. McClurg s appointment as Chief Financial Officer, the Board granted Mr. McClurg an option exercisable for 60,000 shares
of the Company s Common Stock, with an exercise price of 4.71. Twenty-five percent of the shares underlying the option vest on
January 1, 2022 and the remaining 75 vest in 36 equal monthly installments thereafter. 

In January 2021, the Board
granted Mr. Rosa, Mr. McClurg and Mr. Mertens options exercisable for 416,667, 46,667, and 23,334 shares, respectively, each with an exercise
price of 5.97. Twenty-five percent of the shares underlying the option vest on January 27, 2022 and the remaining 75 vest in 36 equal
monthly installments thereafter, except that Mr. Rosa s options are subject to acceleration upon achieving certain performance milestones.
On May 6, 2021, the Compensation Committee determined that the performance criteria on 83,333 of Mr. Rosa s options were met resulting
in the accelerated vesting of those options on such date. As of September 30, 2021, 20 of the shares underlying Mr. Rosa s options
had vested upon the achievement of performance milestones. 

Employment Agreement and Arrangements 

We have an employment agreement
with our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Rosa, and an offer letter for each of Mr. McClurg and Mr. Mertens. Each of our named executive officers
has also executed our standard form of proprietary information, inventions assignment and non-competition agreement. 

Mr. Rosa 

Mr. Rosa s employment
agreement Amended Employment Agreement was effective on August 4, 2017, continues through the third anniversary and automatically
renews for an additional one-year period at the end of the initial term and each anniversary thereafter, provided that Mr. Rosa notifies
the Board of such renewal at least 30 days prior to the expiration of the initial term or any renewal terms and the Board does not notify
Mr. Rosa of its intention not to renew the Amended Employment Agreement. 

The Amended Employment Agreement
also entitles Mr. Rosa to, among other benefits, the following compensation: (i) an opportunity to participate in any stock option, performance
share, performance unit or other equity based long-term incentive compensation plan commensurate with the terms and conditions applicable
to other senior executive officers; and (ii) participation in welfare benefit plans, practices, policies and programs provided by the
Company and its affiliated companies (including, without limitation, medical, prescription, dental, disability, employee life, group life,
accidental death and travel accident insurance plans and programs) to the extent available generally or to our other senior executive
officers. Mr. Rosa is entitled to receive a target award value, determined in accordance with the policies and practices generally available
to other senior executive officers, for an annual cash bonus and if determined by the Board or a committee of the Board, a long-term incentive
bonus. Mr. Rosa is entitled to retain all shares of Common Stock he held as of the commencement date. Mr. Rosa is also entitled to certain
severance benefits. 

Pursuant to the Amended Employment
Agreement, regardless of the manner in which Mr. Rosa s service terminates, Mr. Rosa is entitled to receive amounts earned during
his term of service, including salary and other benefits. The Company is permitted to terminate Mr. Rosa s employment for the following
reasons: (i) death or disability, (ii) Termination for Cause (as defined below) or (iii) for any other reason or no reason. Mr. Rosa is
permitted Termination for Good Reason (as defined below) of his employment. In addition, he may terminate his employment upon written
notice to the Company 30 days prior to the effective date of such termination. 

115 

In the event of Mr. Rosa s
death during the employment period or a termination due to his disability, his beneficiaries or legal representatives shall be provided
the sum of (i) any annual base salary earned, but unpaid, for services rendered to the Company on or prior to the date on which the employment
period ends and (ii) certain other benefits provided for in the employment agreement (the Unconditional Entitlements ). In
the event of Mr. Rosa s Termination for Cause by the Company or the termination of Mr. Rosa s employment as a result of his
resignation other than a Termination for Good Reason, Mr. Rosa shall be provided the Unconditional Entitlements. 

In the event of a Termination
for Good Reason by Mr. Rosa or the exercise by the Company of its termination rights to terminate Mr. Rosa other than by Termination for
Cause, death or disability, Mr. Rosa shall be provided the Unconditional Entitlements and, subject to his signing and delivering to the
Company and not revoking a general release of claims in favor of the Company and certain related parties, the Company shall provide Mr.
Rosa: (a) a severance amount equal to the aggregate annual base salary he would have earned from the day after his termination date through
the end of the employment period and a prorated portion of his cash bonus for the year in which the termination date occurs, provided,
however, in no event would the severance amount be less than 12 months or more than 18 months of his annual base salary; (b) continued
health insurance coverage for 12 months following his termination date, provided that such coverage shall cease if Mr. Rosa becomes eligible
to receive health insurance coverage from another employer group health plan; (c) vesting of all stock options in accordance with the
stock option award documents, subject to the same conditions that would be applicable to Mr. Rosa if he remained employed through the
end of the employment period; and (d) continued vesting of equity awards in accordance with the terms of the award agreements, provided,
however, Mr. Rosa would have 90 days from the termination date to exercise any vested options (the Conditional Benefits ). 

In the event of a change in
control during the employment period or within two years after a change in control, if the Company terminates Mr. Rosa other than due
to Mr. Rosa s death or disability or a Termination for Cause, or Mr. Rosa effects a Termination for Good Reason, the Company will
pay to Mr. Rosa, in a lump sum in cash within 30 days after the termination date, the aggregate of: (i) the Unconditional Entitlements;
and (ii) the amount equal to the product of 1.5 times the sum of (y) Mr. Rosa s annual base salary, and (z) the greater of the target
bonus for the then current fiscal year under the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan and 2017 Equity Incentive Plan or any successor annual bonus
plan and the average annual bonus paid to or for the benefit of Mr. Rosa for the prior three full years (or any shorter period during
which Mr. Rosa had been employed by the Company). In addition, the Company shall provide Mr. Rosa the Conditional Benefits minus Mr. Rosa s
severance amount. 

Under the Amended Employment
Agreement, Termination for Cause means a termination of Mr. Rosa s employment by the Company due to (A) an act or
acts of dishonesty undertaken by Mr. Rosa and intended to result in substantial gain or personal enrichment to Mr. Rosa at the expense
of the Company, (B) unlawful conduct or gross misconduct that is willful and deliberate on Mr. Rosa s part and that, in either event,
is materially injurious to the Company, (C) the conviction of Mr. Rosa of, or Mr. Rosa s entry of a no contest or nolo contendere
plea to, a felony, (D) breach by Mr. Rosa of his fiduciary obligations as an officer or director of the Company, (E) a persistent failure
by Mr. Rosa to perform his duties and responsibilities of his employment under the Amended Employment Agreement, which failure is not
remedied by Mr. Rosa within 30 days after his receipt of written notice from the Company of such failure, provided, however, the Company
is not obligated to provide written notice and opportunity to cure if the action or conduct is not reasonably susceptible to cure, or
(F) material breach of any terms and conditions of the Amended Employment Agreement, any contract or agreement between Mr. Rosa and the
Company, or of any Company policy, or of any statutory duty he owes to the Company, which breach has not been cured by Mr. Rosa within
ten days after written notice thereof to Mr. Rosa from the Company. 

Under the Amended Employment
Agreement, Termination for Good Reason means a termination of Mr. Rosa s employment by Mr. Rosa within 30 days of
the Company s failure to cure, in accordance with the procedures set forth below, any of the following events: (A) a reduction in
his annual base salary as in effect immediately prior to such reduction by more than 10 without his written consent, unless such reduction
is made pursuant to an across the board reduction applicable to all senior executives of the Company; (B) a material reduction in his
duties, position and responsibilities as in effect immediately prior to such reduction without his written consent; provided, however,
that a mere change in title or reporting relationship following a Change in Control by itself will not constitute Good Reason 
for Mr. Rosa s resignation, and further provided that the acquisition of the Company and subsequent conversion of the Company to
a division or unit of the acquiring entity will not by itself result in a reduction of duties, position or responsibility;
or (C) a material breach of any material provision of the Amended Employment Agreement by the Company. A termination by Mr. Rosa shall
not be treated as a Termination for Good Reason if Mr. Rosa consented in writing to the occurrence of the event giving rise to the claim
of Termination for Good Reason or unless Mr. Rosa shall have delivered a written notice to the Board within 45 days of Mr. Rosa s
having actual knowledge of the occurrence of one of such events stating that Mr. Rosa intends to terminate his employment by Termination
for Good Reason and specifying the factual basis for such termination, and such event, if capable of being cured, shall not have been
cured within 21 days of the receipt of such notice. 

116 

Mr. McClurg 

On January 1, 2021, the Company
and Mr. McClurg executed an employment offer letter (the McClurg Offer Letter under which, effective January 1, 2021, Mr.
McClurg was appointed Chief Financial Officer of the Company. The McClurg Offer Letter provides that Mr. McClurg is an at-will employee
of the Company meaning that either Mr. McClurg or the Company may end the employment relationship at any time, for any reason, and with
or without notice or cause. Under the McClurg Offer Letter, the Company agreed to provide Mr. McClurg: (a) an annual base salary in the
amount of 250,000, subject to review and adjustment based upon the Company s normal performance review practices; (b) an annual
performance bonus of up to 25 of Mr. McClurg s then effective base salary for the applicable bonus year based upon his performance
and the Company s performance, all as determined in the sole discretion of the Board or committee thereof; (c) the right to participate
in the benefit programs and arrangements that the Company makes available to its employees, including paid vacation and sick leave, contributory
and non-contributory welfare and benefit plans, disability plans, and medical, death benefit and life insurance plans for which Mr. McClurg
is eligible under the terms of those plans; and (d) subject to the terms of Company s 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, a stock option
award to purchase 60,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock with an exercise price of 4.71 per share, 25 of which will vest
on January 1, 2022, with the balance vesting in equal monthly installments on the last day of each month over the next thirty-six (36)
months following January 1, 2022. 

Mr. Mertens 

On March 6, 2019, the Company
and Mr. Mertens executed an employment offer letter (the Mertens Offer Letter under which, effective April 1, 2019, Mr.
Mertens was appointed Chief Technology Officer of the Company. The Mertens Offer letter provides that Mr. Mertens is an at-will employee
of the Company meaning that either Mr. Mertens or the Company may end the employment relationship at any time, for any reason, and with
or without notice or cause. Under the Mertens Offer Letter, the Company agreed to provide Mr. Mertens: (a) an annual base salary in the
amount of 235,000, subject to applicable deductions and adjustment; (b) an annual discretionary bonus of up to 25 percent of Mr. Merten s
base salary based on his performance and the Company s performance, all as determined in the sole discretion of the Board or committee
thereof; (c) subject to the terms of Company s 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, a stock option award to purchase 43,149 shares of the
Company s common stock with an exercise price of 7.14 per share, 25 of which vested on May 13, 2019, and 75 of which vest in
36 equal monthly installments beginning on April 1, 2020; and (d) the right to participate in the benefit programs and arrangements that
the Company makes available to its employees, including paid vacation and sick leave, contributory and non contributory welfare and
benefit plans, disability plans, and medical, death benefit and life insurance plans for which Mr. Mertens is eligible under the terms
of those plans. 

Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change
in Control 

David Rosa 

For a discussion of payments
to Mr. Rosa upon termination or change in control under his Amended Employment Agreement, see Employment Agreement and Arrangements 
Mr. Rosa above. 

2017 Equity Incentive Plan 

In April 2017, the Board adopted
and the stockholders approved the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. The 2017 Equity Incentive Plan is designed to provide a vehicle under which
a variety of stock-based and other awards can be granted to the Company s employees, consultants and directors, which align the
interests of award recipients with those of our stockholders, reinforce key goals and objectives that help drive stockholder value, and
attract, motivate and retain experienced and highly qualified individuals who contribute to the Company s financial success. The
Board believes that the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan serves a critical role in attracting and retaining high caliber employees, consultants
and directors essential to our success and in motivating these individuals to strive to meet our goals. 

Corporate Transactions.
 The 2017 Equity Incentive Plan provides that in the event of certain specified significant corporate transactions, including: (1)
a sale of all or substantially all of our assets, (2) the sale or disposition of more than 90 of our outstanding securities, (3) the
consummation of a merger or consolidation where we do not survive the transaction, and (4) the consummation of a merger or consolidation
where we do survive the transaction but the shares of our Common Stock outstanding before such transaction are converted or exchanged
into other property by virtue of the transaction, unless otherwise provided in an award agreement or other written agreement between us
and the award holder, the plan administrator may take one or more of the following actions with respect to such stock awards: 

arrange for the assumption, continuation, or substitution
of a stock award by a successor corporation; 

arrange for the assignment of any reacquisition or repurchase
rights held by us to a successor corporation; 

117 

accelerate the vesting, in whole or in part, of the stock
award and provide for its termination before the transaction; 

arrange for the lapse, in whole or in part, of any reacquisition
or repurchase rights held by us; 

cancel or arrange for the cancellation of the stock award
before the transaction in exchange for a cash payment, or no payment, as determined by the Board; or 

make a payment, in the form determined by our Board, equal
to the excess, if any, of the value of the property the participant would have received on exercise of the awards before the transaction
over any exercise price payable by the participant in connection with the exercise. 

The plan administrator is
not obligated to treat all stock awards or portions of stock awards, even those that are of the same type, in the same manner and is not
obligated to treat all participants in the same manner. In the event of a change in control, awards granted under the 2017 Equity Incentive
Plan will not receive automatic acceleration of vesting and exercisability, although this treatment may be provided for in an award agreement.
Under the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, a change in control is defined to include (1) the acquisition by any person or company of more than
50 of the combined voting power of our then outstanding stock, (2) a merger, consolidation, or similar transaction in which our stockholders
immediately before the transaction do not own, directly or indirectly, more than 50 of the combined voting power of the surviving entity
(or the parent of the surviving entity), (3) a sale, lease, exclusive license, or other disposition of all or substantially all of our
assets other than to an entity more than 50 of the combined voting power of which is owned by our stockholders, and (4) an unapproved
change in the majority of the Board. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End
2021 

As of September 30, 2021,
our named executive officers had no outstanding stock awards. The following table sets forth information regarding outstanding option
awards held by our named executive officers as of September 30, 2021: 

NAME 
 
 GRANT DATE 
 
 NUMBER OF 
SECURITIES 
UNDERLYING 
UNEXERCISED 
OPTIONS 
EXERCISABLE 
(#) 

NUMBER OF 
SECURITIES 
UNDERLYING 
UNEXERCISED 
OPTIONS 
UNEXERCISABLE 
(#) 
 
 OPTION 
EXERCISE 
PRICE ) 

OPTION 
EXPIRATION 
DATE 
 
 Steven Mertens 
 
 May 13, 2019 
 
 26,968 
 (1) 

16,181 

7.14 

May 13, 2029 
 
 Steven Mertens 
 
 January 27, 2021 
 
 0 
 (2) 

23,334 

5.97 

January 27, 2031 
 
 David Rosa 
 
 November 5, 2019 
 
 143,797 
 (3) 

2,870 

6.42 

November 5, 2029 
 
 David Rosa 
 
 January 27, 2021 
 
 83,333 
 (4) 

333,334 

5.97 

January 27, 2031 
 
 Ronald McClurg 
 
 January 1, 2021 
 
 0 
 (5) 

60,000 

4.71 

January 1, 2031 
 
 Ronald McClurg 
 
 January 27, 2021 
 
 0 
 (6) 

46,667 

5.97 

January 27, 2031 

(1) 
 
 25 
of the shares underlying the option vested immediately upon grant; the remaining vest monthly in equal increments over a 36 month period
beginning April 1, 2020. 

(2) 
 
 25 of the shares underlying the option vest on
 January 27, 2022; the remaining vest monthly in equal increments over a 36 month period thereafter. 

(3) 
 
 25 of the shares underlying the option vested
 on November 5, 2020 and the remaining 75 vest in 36 equal monthly installments beginning on December 1, 2020, subject to acceleration
 upon achieving certain performance milestones. As of September 30, 2021, 20 of the shares underlying the options had vested upon the
 achievement of performance milestones. 

(4) 
 
 25 of the shares underlying the option vest on
 January 27, 2022; the remaining vest monthly in equal increments over a 36 month period thereafter, subject to acceleration upon achieving
 certain performance milestones. As of September 30, 2021, 20 of the shares underlying the options had vested upon the achievement of
 performance milestones. 

(5) 
 
 25 of the shares underlying the option vest on
 January 1, 2022; the remaining vest monthly in equal increments over a 36 month period thereafter. 

(6) 
 
 25 of the shares underlying the option vest
on January 27, 2022; the remaining vest monthly in equal increments over a 36 month period thereafter. 

118 

Chief Executive Officer Pay Ratio 

As a smaller reporting
company , we are not required to provide information relating to the ratio of total compensation of our Chief Executive Officer
to the median of the annual total compensation of all of our employees, as required by the Investor Protection and Securities Reform Act
of 2010, which is part of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 

Non-Employee Director Compensation 

On March 29, 2018, our Board
approved a Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy effective as of January 1, 2018 whereby our non-employee directors receive a mix
of cash and share-based compensation intended to encourage non-employee directors to continue to serve on our Board, further align the
interests of the directors and stockholders, and attract new non-employee directors with outstanding qualifications. Directors who are
employees or officers of the Company do not receive any additional compensation for Board service. 

Pursuant to this policy, each
of our non-employee directors receive an annual retainer of 50,000, except that our non-executive chairman receives an annual retainer
of 100,000. Additionally, the chairman and members of our Audit Committee receive an additional annual payment of 12,500 and 5,000,
respectively, and the chairmen and members of each of our Compensation and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees receive an additional
annual payment of 10,000 and 4,000, respectively. 

Additionally, on the date
of each annual stockholder meeting of the Company, each director automatically receives an equity award with an aggregate value on the
date of grant equal to 50,000. Two-thirds of the equity award is issued in the form of restricted stock units, and one-third is issued
in the form of stock options, each of which vest in twelve monthly installments, subject to such director s continued service. 

The following table provides
compensation information for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 for each non-employee member of the Board. 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) (1) 
 Stock Awards ) (2) 
 Option Awards ) (2) 
 Total ) 
 
 Paul Buckman 
 112,000 
 33,338 (3) 
 16,666 (4) 
 162,004 
 
 Edward Andrle 
 62,000 
 33,338 (5) 
 16,666 (6) 
 112,004 
 
 Jeffrey Mathiesen 
 66,500 
 33,338 (7) 
 16,666 (8) 
 116,504 

(1) These represent amounts earned in fiscal year 2021. 

(2) 
 Stock option and RSU awards were granted under the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. The amounts reported reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of each equity award granted to the Company s non-employee directors during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, as computed in accordance with ASC 718. As required by SEC rules, the amounts shown exclude the impact of estimated forfeitures related to service-based vesting conditions. 

(3) 
 At the end of fiscal year 2021, Mr. Buckman had 3,446 outstanding stock awards. 

(4) 
 At the end of fiscal year 2021, Mr. Buckman had 77,466 outstanding stock options. 

(5) 
 At the end of fiscal year 2021, Mr. Andrle had 3,446 outstanding stock awards. 

(6) 
 At the end of fiscal year 2021, Mr. Andrle had 12,591 outstanding stock options. 

(7) 
 At the end of fiscal year 2021, Mr. Mathiesen had 3,446 outstanding stock awards. 

(8) 
 At the end of fiscal year 2021, Mr. Mathiesen had 66,126 outstanding stock options. 

As a named executive officer
of the Company, compensation paid to Mr. Rosa for fiscal 2021 is fully reflected under Executive Compensation Summary
Compensation Table. 

119 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth
the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of December 6, 2021 for: 

each person, or group of affiliated persons, who is known
by us to beneficially own more than 5 of our Common Stock; 

each of our named executive officers; 

each of our directors; and 

all of our current executive officers and directors as a group. 

The table lists applicable
percentage ownership based on 16,187,722 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of December 6, 2021. 

We have determined beneficial
ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC. These rules generally attribute beneficial ownership of securities to persons who possess
sole or shared voting power or investment power with respect to those securities. Unless otherwise indicated, the persons or entities
identified in this table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares shown as beneficially owned by them, subject
to applicable community property laws. In addition, the rules include shares of our Common Stock issuable pursuant to the exercise of
stock options and warrants that are either immediately exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of December 6, 2021. These shares are
deemed to be outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding those options for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership
of that person, but they are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 

Except as otherwise noted
below, the address for persons listed in the table is c/o NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation, 7599 Anagram Dr., Eden Prairie, MN
55344. 

Name and address of beneficial owner 
 Number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned 
 Percentage of Common Stock beneficially owned (1) 
 
 Greater than 5 Stockholders: 

James E. Besser (2) 2 Calle Candina, #1701 San Juan, Puerto Rico, 00907 United States of America 
 1,747,651 
 10.8 

Directors and Named Executive Officers: 

David Rosa 
 606,669 (3) 
 3.7 
 
 Paul Buckman 
 105,804 (4) 

Jeffrey Mathiesen 
 99,852 (5) 

Edward Andrle 
 23,906 (6) 

Steve Mertens 
 37,296 (7) 

Ronald McClurg 
 27,917 (8) 

All Current Directors and Officers as a Group (7 persons) 
 1,252,614 (9) 
 7.5 

(1) 
 Based on 16,187,722 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of December 6, 2021. 

(2) 
 Based on Form 3 filed by James E. Besser, Morgan C. Frank, Manchester Management Co LLC, Manchester Management PR, LLC, and Manchester Explorer, L.P.on January 21, 2021 (the Form 3 and Form 13G filed by Manchester Explorer, L.P., Manchester Management Company, LLC, Manchester Management PR, LLC, JEB Partners, L.P., Messrs. Frank and Besser on January 21, 2021. The Form 3 also reported ownership of 1,666,669 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding warrants. The reported securities and warrants are directly owned by Manchester Explorer, L.P., JEB Partners, L.P. and by Mr. Frank in his personal capacity. The reported securities and warrants are indirectly beneficially owned by Manchester Management PR, LLC and Manchester Management Company, LLC as a result of having investment discretion over Manchester Explorer, L.P. and JEB Partners, L.P. The reported securities and warrants may also be deemed to be indirectly beneficially owned by Mr. Besser, as the Managing Member of Manchester Management PR, LLC and Manchester Management Company, LLC and by Mr. Frank, who serves as a portfolio manager and as a consultant for Manchester Management Company, LLC. Manchester Explorer, L.P. reports shared voting power over 1,181,930 shares and shared investment power over 1,333,334 shares; Manchester Management Company, LLC and Manchester Management PR, LLC report shared voting power over 1,181,930 shares and shared investment power over 1,500,000 shares; JEB Partners, L.P. reports shared voting and investment powers over 166,667 shares; Mr. Besser reports sole voting power over 164,317 shares, shared voting power over 1,181,930 shares, sole investment power over 164,317, and shared investment power over 1,664,317 shares; and Mr. Frank reports sole voting and investment powers over 83,334 shares, shared voting power over 1,181,930 shares, and shared investment power over 1,583,334 shares. The reporting persons disclaim beneficial ownership of the reported securities and warrants except to the extent of their pecuniary interest therein. The percentage in this table reflects that the reporting persons may not exercise the warrants to the extent such exercise would cause the reporting persons to beneficially own a number of shares of common stock that would exceed 9.99 of our then outstanding common stock following such exercise. 

120 

(3) 
 Includes 342,061 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options that have vested or vest within 60 days of December 6, 2021. 

(4) 
 Includes 765 restricted stock units that vest within 60 days of December 6, 2021, and 75,905 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options. 

(5) 
 Includes 765 restricted stock units that vest within 60 days of December 6, 2021, and 64,565 shares
 of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options. 

(6) 
 Includes 765 restricted stock units that vest within
 60 days of December 6, 2021, and 11,030 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options. 

(7) 
 Includes 37,296 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options that have vested or vest within 60 days of December 6, 2021. 

(8) 
 Includes 27,917 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options that have vested or vest within 60 days of December 6, 2021. 

(9) 
 Includes 2,296 restricted stock units that vest within 60 days of December 6, 2021, and 558,774 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options. 

Less than 1 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act requires our officers and directors, and greater than 10 stockholders, to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership of our
securities with the SEC. Based on our review of these reports and written representations from reporting persons, we believe that all
reporting persons complied with all filing requirements during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, except for David A. Rosa who
had one late Form 4 filing related to the vesting of a portion of a stock option grant from the Company. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

The following table presents
information as of September 30, 2021 with respect to compensation plans under which shares of our Common Stock may be issued. 

Plan Category 
 Number of 
Securities to be issued 
upon exercise of outstanding 
options, 
warrants and 
rights (a) 
 Weighted-average 
exercise 
price of outstanding 
options, 
warrants and 
rights (b) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column(a))(1)(2) (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders(3) 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Equity compensation plan approved by security holders 
 1,122,560 
 5.89 
 389,709 
 
 Total 
 1,122,560 
 5.89 
 389,709 

(1) 
 The number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under our 2017 Equity Incentive Plan automatically increases on January 1st of each calendar year, starting on January 1, 2018 through January 1, 2027, to an amount equal to 13 of the total number of fully-diluted shares of our common stock as of December 31 of the preceding calendar year, or a lesser number of shares determined by our Board. 

(2) 
 Consists of 241,338 shares remaining available for issuance under the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan and 148,371 shares remaining available for issuance under the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan. 

(3) 
 There are no other securities available for future issuance under Company Plans as of September 30, 2021. The Company adopted an Inducement Plan subsequent to September 30, 2021. 

121 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

The following includes a summary
of transactions since October 1, 2019 to which NeuroOne, Inc. or the Company has been a participant in which the amount involved exceeded
or will exceed the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of the Company s total assets at year end for the last two completed
fiscal years, and in which any of our directors, executive officers or holders of more than five percent of our capital stock, or any
members of their immediate family, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest.. Other than described below, there have not
been, nor are there currently any proposed, transactions or series of similar transactions to which we have been or will be a party other
than compensation arrangements, which include equity and other compensation, termination, change in control and other arrangements, which
are described under Item 11 - Executive Compensation. 

Lock-Up Agreements 

On October 21, 2019, Wade
Fredrickson, a holder of over 5 of our Common Stock, entered into a lock-up agreement with the Company in which he agreed, subject to
certain exceptions, not to offer, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of the Company s securities for a period of 18 months following
the effective date of the agreement. On January 12, 2021, all of our directors, officers, and certain stockholders (including Wade Fredrickson)
entered into lock-up agreements in which they agreed, subject to certain exceptions, not to offer, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose
of the Company s securities for a period of 90 days following the effectiveness of a resale registration statement to be filed in
connection with the Company s January 2021 private placement. 

Indemnification Agreements 

Our Certificate of Incorporation
contains provisions limiting the liability of directors, and our bylaws provides that we indemnify each of our directors to the fullest
extent permitted under Delaware law. Our Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws also provide our Board with discretion to indemnify our
officers and employees when determined appropriate by the Board. In addition, we have entered into an indemnification agreement with our
directors and our executive officers. 

Policies and Procedures for Transactions with
Related Parties 

To assist the Company in complying
with its disclosure obligations and to enhance the Company s disclosure controls, the Board approved a formal policy in January
2018 regarding related person transactions. A related person is a director, officer, nominee for director or a more than
5 stockholder (of any class of the Company s voting stock) since the beginning of the Company s last completed fiscal year,
and their immediate family members. A related person transaction is any transaction or any series of transactions in which the Company
was or is to be a participant, the amount involved exceeds 120,000, and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect
material interest. 

Specifically, the policy establishes
a process for identifying related persons and procedures for reviewing and approving such related person transactions. In addition, directors
and executive officers are required to complete an annual questionnaire in connection with the Company s proxy statement for its
annual meeting of stockholders, which includes questions regarding related person transactions, and such persons also are required to
provide written notice to the Company or outside legal counsel of any updates to such information prior to the annual meeting. 

The Audit Committee and/or
the independent directors of the Board review such proposed business transactions to ensure that the Company s involvement in such
transactions is on terms comparable to those that could be obtained in arm s length dealings with an unrelated third party and is
in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. 

122 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards require
that the Company s Board consist of a majority of independent directors, as determined under the applicable rules and regulations
of Nasdaq. Based upon information requested from and provided by each proposed director concerning his or her background, employment and
affiliations, including family relationships, the Company believes that each current member of the Board qualifies as an independent
director as defined under the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the listing requirements and rules of Nasdaq, except
Mr. Rosa, the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer. In making such independence determinations, the Board considers the
current and prior relationships that each non-employee director has with the Company and all other facts and circumstances that the Board
deems relevant in determining each non-employee director s independence, including the participation by the Company s non-employee
directors, or their affiliates, in certain financing transactions and the beneficial ownership of the Company s Common Stock by
each non-employee director. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The following table shows
the fees for professional services rendered to us by Baker Tilly US, LLP Baker Tilly or BDO USA, LLP BDO for services in respect of the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, which were approved by the Audit Committee in accordance
with its established policies and procedures. 

FISCAL YEAR 2021 
 FISCAL YEAR 2020 
 
 FEE CATEGORY 
 Baker Tilly 
 BDO 
 Baker Tilly 
 BDO 
 
 Audit fees 
 126,745 
 159,633 
 
 251,799 
 
 Audit-related fees 

Tax fees 

All other fees 

Total fees 
 126,745 
 159,633 
 
 251,799 

Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit
and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Our Audit Committee generally
pre-approves all audit and permitted non-audit and tax services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm. Pre-approval
is detailed as to the particular service or category of services and is generally subject to a specific budget. The independent registered
public accounting firm and management are required to periodically report to the Audit Committee regarding the extent of services provided
by the independent registered public accounting firm in accordance with this pre-approval, and the fees for the services performed to
date. Our Audit Committee may also pre-approve particular services on a case-by-case basis. All of the services relating to the fees described
in the table above were approved by our Audit Committee. 

123 

PART IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) The following documents are filed as part
of this Annual Report: 

(1) Financial
Statements: The financial statements filed as part of this Annual Report are listed in Part II, Item 8. 

(2) Financial
Statement Schedules: 

No financial statement schedules are provided
because the information called for is not required or is shown either in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

(3) Exhibits:
The exhibits incorporated by reference or filed as part of this Annual Report are listed in the Index to Exhibits below. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Document 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization by and among NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation, OSOK Acquisition Company and NeuroOne, Inc. dated as of July 20, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 20, 2017) 

2.2 
 
 Plan of Conversion of NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation dated June 20, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 29, 2017) 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June, 29, 2017) 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 31, 2021). 

3.3 
 
 Bylaws of NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 29, 2017) 

4.1 
 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 20, 2017) 

4.2 
 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 on the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on December 20, 2019) 

10.1 # 
 
 Amended and Restated Exclusive Start-up Company License Agreement effective January 21, 2020 by and between NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation and Wisconsin Alumni Research Foundation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 24, 2020) 

10.2 ## 
 
 Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research Amended and Restated License and Development Agreement by and between Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research, and NeuroOne LLC dated as of May 25, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 20, 2017) 

10.3 + 
 
 2016 Equity Incentive Plan of NeuroOne, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 20, 2017) 

10.4 + 
 
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement pursuant to 2016 Equity Incentive Plan of NeuroOne, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 20, 2017) 

124 

10.5 + 
 
 Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement by and between NeuroOne, Inc. and Thomas Bachinski, dated as of April 10, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 20, 2017) 

10.6 + 
 
 2017 Equity Incentive Plan of the Company (incorporated by reference to Appendix G to Schedule 14C filed on April 20, 2017) 

10.7 + 
 
 NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 2017 Equity Incentive Plan Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 20, 2017) 

10.8 + 
 
 NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 2017 Equity Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 20, 2017) 

10.9 + 
 
 NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 2021 Inducement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2021) 

10.10 + 
 
 NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 2021 Inducement Plan Form of Option Grant Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2021) 

10.11 + 
 
 Offer Letter to Mark Christianson from NeuroOne, Inc. dated December 1, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 20, 2017) 

10.12 + 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement with the Company s Officers and Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit E to Appendix B to Schedule 14C filed on April 20, 2017) 

10.13 + 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation and David A. Rosa dated August 4, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 7, 2017) 

10.14 
 
 Form of Capital Stock Purchase Warrant pursuant to August 2017 Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 23, 2017) 

10.15 
 
 Form of Capital Stock Purchase Warrant issued pursuant to October 2017 Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 6, 2017) 

10.16 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Capital Stock Purchase Warrant issued pursuant to Amended and Restated Promissory Note and Warrant Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 20, 2017) 

10.17 
 
 Form of Replacement Warrant issued pursuant to August 2017 Subscription Agreement, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 16, 2018) 

10.18 
 
 Form of Additional Warrant issued pursuant to August 2017 Subscription Agreement, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 16, 2018) 

10.19 + 
 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to 10-K filed April 16, 2018) 

125 

10.20 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to 8-K filed July 13, 2018) 

10.21 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to 8-K filed July 13, 2018) 

10.22 + 
 
 Employee Proprietary Information, Inventions, Assignment and Non-Competition Agreement. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.52 on the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-KT filed on December 12, 2018) 

10.23 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 4, 2019) 

10.24 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 4, 2019) 

10.25 + 
 
 Offer Letter between Steve Mertens and NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation, effective April 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 10, 2019) 

10.26 
 
 Form of Conversion Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 6, 2019) 

10.27 
 
 Form of Paulson Placement Agent Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 5, 2019) 

10.28 
 
 Form of HRA Placement Agent Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 5, 2019) 

10.29 
 
 Lease Agreement dated October 7, 2019, by and among NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation and Biynah Cleveland, LLC, BIP Cleveland, LLC, and Edenvale Investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 11, 2019) 

10.30 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 29, 2019) 

10.31 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued pursuant to November 2019 Promissory Note and Warrant Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 7, 2019) 

10.32 
 
 Form of Broker Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 24, 2020) 

10.33 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 1, 2020) 

10.34 
 
 Exclusive Development and Distribution Agreement dated as of July 20, 2020 by and between the Company and Zimmer, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 22, 2020). 

10.35 + 
 
 Employment Offer Letter, dated as of January 1, 2021, by and between Ron McClurg and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2021). 

10.36 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 15, 2021). 

10.37 
 
 Form of Common Stock and Warrant Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 15, 2021). 

10.38 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated October 13, 2021, between NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 14, 2021). 

10.39 
 
 Amendment to Exclusive Development and Distribution Agreement by and between the Company and Zimmer, Inc. dated January 6, 2021 

126 

16.1 
 
 Letter from BDO USA, LLP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 24, 2021). 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Baker Tilly US, LLP 

23.2 
 
 Consent of BDO USA, LLP 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a), as
 Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a), as
 Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant
 to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant
 to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104.1 
 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K, the Registrant
agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the Agreement and Plan of Merger to the Securities and
Exchange Commission upon request. 

# Certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item
601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished to the SEC upon request. Certain portions
of the exhibits that are not material and would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed have been redacted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv)
of Regulation S-K. Copies of the unredacted exhibits will be furnished to the SEC upon request. 

## Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request
for confidential treatment and have been separately filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

+ Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 

(b) The exhibits listed in Item 15(a)(3) are hereby filed with this
Annual Report. 

(c) None. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

127 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: December 15, 2021 
 NEUROONE MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/ DAVID ROSA 

David Rosa 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

SIGNATURE 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/s/ DAVID ROSA 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 December 15, 2021 
 
 David Rosa 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ RONALD MCCLURG 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 December 15, 2021 
 
 Ronald McClurg 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ PAUL BUCKMAN 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 December 15, 2021 
 
 Paul Buckman 

/s/ EDWARD ANDRLE 
 
 Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 December 15, 2021 
 
 Edward Andrle 

/s/ JEFFREY MATHIESEN 
 
 Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 December 15, 2021 
 
 Jeffrey Mathiesen 

128 

<EX-10.39>
 2
 f10k2021ex10-39_neuroonemed.htm
 AMENDMENT TO EXCLUSIVE DEVELOPMENT AND DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND ZIMMER, INC. DATED JANUARY 6, 2021

Exhibit 10.39 

ZIMMER BIOMET 

 Via Email 

January 6, 2021 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

 ATTN: Dave Rosa 

 7599 Anagram Drive 

 Eden Prairie, MN 55344 

 DaveR@N1MTC.com 

 Dear Dave: 

 As a follow-up to our recent discussions, this letter will confirm
that the parties have agreed to extend the deadline for the Design freeze for the SEEG Products as set forth in Section 6.1(c)(i)
of the Exclusive Development and Distribution Agreement Agreement from November 30, 2020 to December 15, 2020. 

 Other than extension of the SEEG Product design freeze milestone
deadline, no other provision of the Agreement shall be amended or modified herein and all other provisions of the Agreement shall remain
in full force and effect. 

 If you are in agreement, please sign and return to me at your
earliest convenience. 

Very truly yours, 

Brian Hatcher 

 General Manager 

 CMF, Thoracic and Surgery Assisting Technology 

By signing below, NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation indicates
that it has read and understood the terms of this letter and agrees to the modifications herein. 

NEUROONE MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/ Dave Rosa 
 
 Name: 
 Dave Rosa 
 
 Its: 
 CEO 
 
 Date: 
 1/6/21 

</EX-10.39>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 f10k2021ex21-1_neuroonemed.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit 21.1 

 None. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 f10k2021ex23-1_neuroonemed.htm
 CONSENT OF BAKER TILLY US, LLP

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements
on Form S-1 (No. 333-232656, No. 333-244487 and No. 333-252951), Form S-3 (No. 333-256830) and Form S-8 (No. 333-224572 and No. 333-261302)
of NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation of our report dated December 15, 2021, relating to the financial statements, which report
expresses an unqualified opinion on the financial statements for the year ended September 30, 2021 and includes an explanatory paragraph
relating to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern as described in Note 2 to the financial statements, appearing herein. 

/s/ Baker Tilly US, LLP 

Minneapolis, Minnesota 

December 15, 2021 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 f10k2021ex23-2_neuroonemed.htm
 CONSENT OF BDO USA, LLP

Exhibit 23.2 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

 Eden Prairie, Minnesota 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference
in the Registration Statements on Form S-1 (No. 333-232656, No. 333-244487 and No. 333-252951), Form S-3 (No. 333-256830) and Form S-8
(No. 333-224572 and No. 333-261302) of NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation of our report dated December 8, 2020, relating to the
financial statements, which appears in the Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our report contains an explanatory paragraph regarding the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. 

/s/ BDO USA, LLP 

Minneapolis, Minnesota 

December 15, 2021 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 f10k2021ex31-1_neuroonemed.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a),
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, David Rosa, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021 (the report of NeuroOne Medical Technologies
Corporation; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 15, 2021 
 /s/ David Rosa 

Name: 
 David Rosa 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 f10k2021ex31-2_neuroonemed.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a),
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Ronald McClurg, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021 (the report of NeuroOne Medical Technologies
Corporation; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 15, 2021 
 /s/ Ronald McClurg 

Name: 
 Ronald McClurg 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 f10k2021ex32-1_neuroonemed.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant to the requirement
set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and
Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, David Rosa, Chief Executive Officer of NeuroOne Medical Technologies
Corporation (the Company hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge: 

1. The
Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021 (the Report to which this Certification
is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange
Act, and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company at the end of the
period covered by the Report and results of operations of the Company for the period covered by the Report. 

/s/ David Rosa 

David Rosa 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: December 15, 2021 

This certification accompanies the report to which it relates,
is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act made before or after the date of the
report, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 f10k2021ex32-2_neuroonemed.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER, 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant to the requirement
set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and
Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, Ronald McClurg, Chief Financial Officer of NeuroOne Medical Technologies
Corporation (the Company hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge: 

1. The
Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021 (the Report to which this Certification
is attached as Exhibit 32.2 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange
Act, and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company at the end of the
period covered by the Report and results of operations of the Company for the period covered by the Report. 

/s/
Ronald McClurg 

Ronald McClurg 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

Dated: December 15, 2021 

This certification accompanies the report to which it relates,
is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act made before or after the date of the
report, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 nmtc-20210930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 nmtc-20210930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 nmtc-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 nmtc-20210930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 nmtc-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

