<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211109_10-K_edgar_data_1024478_0001024478-21-000083.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19160418</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>287814</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2559436</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7150619</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4622989</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4186013</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001024478-21-000083.hdr.sgml : 20211109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211109134619
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001024478-21-000083
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		139
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ROCKWELL AUTOMATION, INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001024478
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEASURING & CONTROLLING DEVICES, NEC [3829]
		IRS NUMBER:				251797617
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12383
		FILM NUMBER:		211391284

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1201 SOUTH 2ND STREET
		CITY:			MILWAUKEE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53204
		BUSINESS PHONE:		414-382-2000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1201 SOUTH 2ND STREET
		CITY:			MILWAUKEE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53204

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ROCKWELL AUTOMATION INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061109

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ROCKWELL  AUTOMATION INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020507

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ROCKWELL INTERNATIONAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970106

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001024478-21-000083.txt : 20211109

10-K
 1
 rok-20210930.htm
 10-K

rok-20210930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ____________ 
 Form 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from _______ to _______ 
 Commission file number 
 . 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 +1 ) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
 _________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of registrant s voting stock held by non-affiliates of registrant on March 31, 2021 was approximately billion. 
 shares of registrant s Common Stock, par value 1 per share, were outstanding on October 31, 2021. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 Page 
 Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 6 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 13 
 Item 2. Properties 
 13 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 13 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 14 
 Item 4A. Information about our Executive Officers 
 14 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 15 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 17 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 17 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 41 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 42 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 
 42 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 
 43 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 44 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
 45 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF SHAREOWNERS EQUITY 
 46 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 47 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 91 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 91 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 91 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 92 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 92 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 92 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 93 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 93 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedul es 
 94 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 98 
 SIGNATURES 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report contains statements (including certain projections and business trends) that are forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as believe , estimate , project , plan , expect , anticipate , will , intend and other similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, including but not limited to: 
 the severity and duration of disruptions to our business due to pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, natural disasters (including those as a result of climate change), acts of war, strikes, terrorism, social unrest or other causes, including the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and efforts to manage it on the global economy, liquidity and financial markets, demand for our hardware and software products, solutions and services, our supply chain, our work force, our liquidity and the value of the assets we own; 
 the availability and price of components and materials; 
 macroeconomic factors, including global and regional business conditions (including adverse impacts in certain markets, such as Oil Gas), commodity prices, the cyclical nature of our customers capital spending, sovereign debt concerns and currency exchange rates; 
 the availability and cost of capital; 
 our ability to attract, develop, and retain qualified personnel; 
 the successful integration and management of strategic transactions and achievement of the expected benefits of these transactions; 
 laws, regulations and governmental policies affecting our activities in the countries where we do business, including those related to tariffs, taxation, trade controls, and climate change; 
 the availability, effectiveness and security of our information technology systems; 
 our ability to manage and mitigate the risk related to security vulnerabilities and breaches of our hardware and software products, solutions and services; 
 the successful development of advanced technologies and demand for and market acceptance of new and existing hardware and software products; 
 our ability to manage and mitigate the risks associated with our solutions and services businesses; 
 the successful execution of our cost productivity initiatives; 
 competitive hardware and software products, solutions and services and pricing pressures, and our ability to provide high quality products, solutions and services; 
 disruptions to our distribution channels or the failure of distributors to develop and maintain capabilities to sell our products; 
 intellectual property infringement claims by others and the ability to protect our intellectual property; 
 the uncertainty of claims by taxing authorities in the various jurisdictions where we do business; 
 the uncertainties of litigation, including liabilities related to the safety and security of the hardware and software products, solutions and services we sell; 
 risks associated with our investment in common stock of PTC Inc., including the potential for volatility in our reported quarterly earnings associated with changes in the market value of such stock; 
 our ability to manage costs related to employee retirement and health care benefits; and 
 other risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those detailed from time to time in our Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings. 
 These forward-looking statements reflect our beliefs as of the date of filing this report. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for more information. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

Item 1. Business 
 General 
 Rockwell Automation, Inc. Rockwell Automation or the Company is a global leader in industrial automation and digital transformation. We connect the imaginations of people with the potential of technology to expand what is humanly possible, making the world more productive and more sustainable. Our hardware and software products, solutions and services are designed to meet our customers needs to reduce total cost of ownership, maximize asset utilization, improve time to market and reduce enterprise business risk. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) for additional information on our business and long-term strategy. 
 The Company continues the business founded as the Allen-Bradley Company in 1903. The privately-owned Allen-Bradley Company was a leading North American manufacturer of industrial automation equipment when the former Rockwell International Corporation (RIC) purchased it in 1985. 
 The Company was incorporated in Delaware in connection with a tax-free reorganization completed on December 6, 1996, pursuant to which we divested our former aerospace and defense businesses (the A D Business) to The Boeing Company (Boeing). In the reorganization, RIC contributed all of its businesses, other than the A D Business, to the Company and distributed all capital stock of the Company to RIC s shareowners. Boeing then acquired RIC. 
 As used herein, the terms we , us , our , Rockwell Automation or the Company include wholly-owned and controlled majority-owned subsidiaries and predecessors unless the context indicates otherwise. Information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K refers to our continuing businesses unless otherwise indicated. 
 Whenever an Item of this Annual Report on Form 10-K refers to information in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Meeting of Shareowners to be held on February 1, 2022 (the Proxy Statement), or to information under specific captions in Item 7. MD A , or in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data (the Consolidated Financial Statements), the information is incorporated in that Item by reference. All date references to years and quarters refer to our fiscal year and quarters unless otherwise stated. 
 Operating Segments 
 Starting in fiscal 2021, we have three operating segments: Intelligent Devices, Software Control, and Lifecycle Services. The Intelligent Devices segment includes drives, motion, safety, sensing, industrial components, and configured-to-order products. The Software Control segment includes control and visualization software and hardware, information software, and network and security infrastructure. The Lifecycle Services segment includes consulting, professional services and solutions, connected services, and maintenance services, as well as the Sensia joint venture. 
 Our operating segments share a common sales organization and supply chain and conduct business globally. Major markets served by all segments consist of discrete end markets (e.g., Automotive, Semiconductor, and Warehousing Logistics), hybrid end markets (e.g., Food Beverage, and Life Sciences), and process end markets (e.g., Oil Gas, Metals, and Chemicals). 
 During fiscal 2020 and 2019, we had two operating segments: Architecture Software and Control Products Solutions. Segment information presented for those periods has been recast to reflect our new operating segments. See Note 19 in the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our operating segments. 
 Geographic Information 
 We do business in more than 100 countries around the world. The largest sales outside the United States on a country-of-destination basis are in China, Canada, Italy, Mexico, Germany, and the United Kingdom. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of risks associated with our global operations. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Competition 
 Our competitors range from large diversified corporations that may also have business interests outside of industrial automation to smaller companies that offer a limited portfolio of industrial automation products, solutions and services. Factors that influence our competitive position include the breadth of our product portfolio and scope of solutions, technology differentiation, domain expertise, installed base, distribution network, quality of hardware and software products, solutions and services, global presence and price. Major competitors include Siemens AG, ABB Ltd, Schneider Electric SA, Emerson Electric Co., Mitsubishi Electric Corp., Honeywell International Inc., AVEVA Group plc, Dassault Systemes, and Aspen Technology, Inc. 
 Distribution 
 In most countries, we sell primarily through independent distributors in conjunction with our direct sales force. Approximately 75 percent of our global sales are through independent distributors. Sales to our largest distributor in 2021, 2020, and 2019 were approximately 10 percent of our total sales. 
 Employees 
 See Item 7. MD A for information on our employees, including information related to attracting, developing, and retaining highly qualified talent. 
 Raw Materials 
 We purchase a wide range of equipment, components, finished products and materials used in our business. The raw materials essential to the manufacture of our products generally are available at competitive prices. We have a broad base of suppliers and subcontractors. We depend upon the ability of our suppliers and subcontractors to meet performance and quality specifications and delivery schedules. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of risks associated with our reliance on third party suppliers. 
 Backlog 
 Our total order backlog consists of (in millions): 
 September 30, 2021 2020 Intelligent Devices 1,052.8 392.4 Software Control 618.2 156.3 Lifecycle Services 1,239.5 1,008.4 2,910.5 1,557.1 
 See Note 2 in the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the nature of our products and services and revenue recognition. 
 Environmental Protection Requirements 
 Information about the effect of compliance with environmental protection requirements and resolution of environmental claims is contained in Note 17 in the Consolidated Financial Statements. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of risks associated with liabilities and costs related to environmental remediation. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Patents, Licenses and Trademarks 
 We own or license numerous patents and patent applications related to our hardware and software products, solutions, and services. While in the aggregate our patents and licenses are important in the operation of our business, we do not believe that loss or termination of any one of them would materially affect our business or financial condition. We have received various claims of patent infringement and requests for patent indemnification. We believe that none of these claims or requests will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of risks associated with our intellectual property. 
 The Company s name and its registered trademark Rockwell Automation and other trademarks such as Allen-Bradley , A-B , PlantPAx Process Automation System , and The Connected Enterprise are important to all of our business segments. In addition, we own other important trademarks that we use, such as ControlLogix and CompactLogix for our control systems, PowerFlex for our AC drives, and Rockwell Software , FactoryTalk , Plex Systems , and Fiix for our software and cloud offerings. 
 Seasonality 
 Our business segments are not subject to significant seasonality. However, the calendarization of our results can vary and may be affected by the seasonal spending patterns of our customers due to their annual budgeting processes and their working schedules. 
 Available Information 
 We maintain a website at https://www.rockwellautomation.com . Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to such reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act), as well as our annual reports to shareowners and Section 16 reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5, are available free of charge on this site through the Investors link as soon as reasonably practicable after we file or furnish these reports with the SEC. All reports we file with the SEC are also available free of charge via EDGAR through the SEC s website at https://www.sec.gov . Our Guidelines on Corporate Governance and charters for our Board committees are also available on our website. The information contained on and linked from our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we face various strategic, operating, compliance and financial risks. These risks could have an impact on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. Our most significant risks are set forth below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) process seeks to identify and address significant risks. Our ERM process assesses, manages, and monitors risks consistent with the integrated risk framework in the Enterprise Risk Management - Integrated Framework (2017) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). We believe that risk-taking is an inherent aspect of the pursuit of our strategy. Our goal is to manage risks prudently rather than avoid risks. We can mitigate risks and their impact on the Company only to a limited extent. 
 A team of senior executives prioritizes identified risks and assigns an executive to address each major identified risk area and lead action plans to manage risks. Our Board of Directors provides oversight of the ERM process and reviews significant identified risks. The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors also reviews significant financial risk exposures and the steps management has taken to monitor and manage them. Our other Board committees also play a role in risk management, as set forth in their respective charters. 
 Our goal is to proactively manage risks using a structured approach in conjunction with strategic planning, with the intent to preserve and enhance shareowner value. However, the risks set forth below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other risks and uncertainties could adversely affect us and cause our results to vary materially from recent results or from our anticipated future results. 
 Industry and Economic Risks 
 We face the potential harms of natural disasters, including those as a result of climate change, pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, acts of war, terrorism, international conflicts or other disruptions to our operations, the duration and severity of which are highly uncertain and difficult to predict. 
 
 Our business depends on the movement of people and goods around the world. Natural disasters (including but not limited to those as a result of climate change), pandemics (including the COVID-19 pandemic), acts or threats of war or terrorism, international conflicts, power outages, fires, explosions, equipment failures, sabotage, political instability and the actions taken by governments could cause damage to or disrupt our business operations, our suppliers or our customers, and could create economic instability. Disruptions to our IT infrastructure from system failures, shutdowns, power outages, telecommunication or utility failures, and other events, including disruptions at third party IT and other service providers, could also interfere with or disrupt our operations. Although it is not possible to predict such events or their consequences, these events could decrease demand for our hardware and software products, solutions or services, increase our costs, or make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver products, solutions or services. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has caused significant disruption to the global economy, including in all of the regions in which we, our suppliers, distributors, business partners and customers do business and in which our workforce is located. The COVID-19 pandemic and efforts to manage it, including those by governmental authorities, have had, and could continue to have, significant impacts on global markets. While the duration and severity of those impacts on our business are highly uncertain, they have had, and could continue to have, an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations in many ways, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and responses to it have significantly limited or prevented the movement of goods and services worldwide, which has resulted in and could continue to result in disruptions in our supply chain and our difficulty in procuring or inability to procure components and materials necessary for our hardware and software products, solutions and services. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and responses to it has increased and could continue to increase the costs of making and distributing our hardware and software products, solutions and services or result in delays in delivering, or an inability to deliver, them to our customers. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Our workforce may be unable or unwilling to work on-site or travel as a result of vaccine requirements, event cancellations, facility closures, shelter-in-place, travel and other restrictions and changes in industry practice, or if they, their co-workers or their family members become ill or otherwise require care arrangements. Regulations for vaccines and COVID-19 testing have been announced and additional regulations may be announced in the jurisdictions in which our business operates. These workforce disruptions and regulations have adversely affected and could continue to adversely affect our ability to efficiently operate, including to develop, manufacture, generate sales of, promote, market, and deliver our hardware and software products, solutions and services, and provide customer support. Implementation of new regulations for vaccines may result in attrition of skilled labor and impact our ability to attract and retain talent necessary for our business operations. For additional information, see the risk factor on attracting, developing, and retaining highly qualified personnel. 
 Our customers are, and continue to be, subject to significant risks and have had, and could continue to have, adverse impacts to their business operations and financial condition related to the COVID-19 pandemic, which could lead to a decrease in their liquidity and/or industrial spending. This has resulted in, and could continue to result in, a decrease in demand for our hardware and software products, solutions and services, as well as impact our customers ability to pay for such hardware and software products, solutions and services. 
 The unprecedented and continuously evolving nature of the COVID-19 pandemic make the duration and severity of its impacts difficult to predict, which could limit our ability to respond to those impacts. Additionally, the impacts described above and other impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and responses to it could substantially increase the risk to us from the other risks described in this Item 1A. Risk Factors . 
 Adverse changes in macroeconomic or industry conditions may result in decreases in our sales and profitability. 
 We are subject to macroeconomic cycles and when recessions occur, we may experience reduced, canceled or delayed orders, payment delays or defaults, supply chain disruptions or other adverse events as a result of the economic challenges faced by our customers, prospective customers and suppliers. 
 Demand for our hardware and software products, solutions and services is sensitive to changes in levels of industrial production and the financial performance of major industries that we serve. As economic activity slows, credit markets tighten, or sovereign debt concerns arise, companies tend to reduce their levels of capital spending, which could result in decreased demand for our hardware and software products, solutions and services. 
 Oil Gas is a major industry that we serve. Demand for our hardware and software products, solutions and services is sensitive to industry volatility and risks including those related to commodity prices, supply and demand dynamics, productions costs, geological and political activities, and environmental regulations including those intended to reduce the impact of climate change. When adverse Oil Gas industry events arise, companies may reduce their levels of spending, which could result in decreased demand for our hardware and software products, solutions and services. 
 Volatility and disruption of the capital and credit markets may result in increased costs to maintain our capital structure. 
 Our ability to access the credit markets and the costs of borrowing are affected by the strength of our credit rating and current market conditions. If our access to credit, including the commercial paper market, is adversely affected by a change in market conditions or otherwise, our cost of borrowings may increase or our ability to fund operations may be reduced. 
 The London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) is the basis for determining the amount of our interest payments on borrowings under our 1.25 billion unsecured revolving credit facility. The U.K. Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates LIBOR, has announced that it intends to phase out LIBOR. Banks currently reporting information used to set U.S dollar LIBOR are currently expected to stop doing so during 2023. Various parties, including government agencies, are seeking to identify an alternative rate to replace LIBOR. If LIBOR ceases to exist, we may need to amend certain agreements that use LIBOR as a benchmark and we cannot predict what alternative index or other amendments may be negotiated with our counterparties. As a result, our interest expense could increase and our available cash flow for general corporate requirements may be adversely affected. Additionally, uncertainty as to the nature of a potential discontinuance or modification of LIBOR, alternative reference rates or other reforms may materially and adversely affect the trading market for securities linked to such benchmarks. For additional information, see Financial Condition in Item 7. MD A . 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Our industry is highly competitive. 
 We face strong competition in all of our market segments in several significant respects. We compete based on breadth and scope of our hardware and software product portfolio and solution and service offerings, technology differentiation, the domain expertise of our employees and partners, product performance, quality of our hardware and software products, solutions and services, knowledge of integrated systems and applications that address our customers business challenges, pricing, delivery and customer service. The relative importance of these factors differs across the geographic markets and product areas that we serve and across our market segments. We seek to maintain competitive pricing levels across and within geographic markets by continually developing advanced technologies for new hardware and software products and product enhancements and offering complete solutions for our customers business problems. In addition, we continue to drive productivity to reduce our cost structure. If we fail to achieve our objectives, to keep pace with technological changes, or to provide high quality hardware and software products, solutions and services, we may lose business or experience price erosion and correspondingly lower sales and margins. We expect the level of competition to remain high in the future, which could limit our ability to maintain or increase our market share or profitability. 
 Business and Operational Risks 
 We rely on suppliers to provide equipment, components and services. 
 Our business requires that we buy equipment, components and services including finished products, electronic components and commodities. Our reliance on suppliers involves certain risks, including: 
 shortages of components, commodities or other materials, which could adversely affect our manufacturing efficiencies and ability to make timely delivery of our products, solutions and services; 
 changes in the cost of these purchases due to inflation, exchange rate fluctuations, taxes, tariffs, commodity market volatility or other factors that affect our suppliers; 
 poor quality or an insecure supply chain, which could adversely affect the reliability and reputation of our hardware and software products, solutions and services; 
 embargoes, sanctions and other trade restrictions that may affect our ability to purchase from various suppliers; and 
 intellectual property risks such as challenges to ownership of rights or alleged infringement by suppliers. 
 Any of these uncertainties could adversely affect our profitability and ability to compete. We also maintain several single-source supplier relationships because either alternative sources are not available or the relationship is advantageous due to performance, quality, support, delivery, capacity, or price considerations. Unavailability of, or delivery delays for, single-source components or products could adversely affect our ability to ship the related products in a timely manner. The effect of unavailability or delivery delays would be more severe if associated with our higher volume and more profitable products. Even where substitute sources of supply are available, qualifying alternative suppliers and establishing reliable supplies could cost more or result in delays and a loss of sales. 
 Our business success depends on attracting, developing, and retaining highly qualified personnel. 
 Our success depends in part on the efforts and abilities of our management team and key employees, and the effective implementation of processes and technology to increase employee engagement, productivity, and efficiency. The skills, experience and industry knowledge of our employees significantly benefit our operations and performance. Difficulty attracting, developing, and retaining members of our management team and key employees with the necessary expertise, including by offering attractive compensation, benefits, and development opportunities, could have a negative effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. We continuously evaluate, modify, and enhance our internal processes and technologies to increase employee engagement, productivity, and efficiency, and to mitigate failure risks from older technologies currently in use. Failure to identify and successfully implement new processes and technologies could add costs and complications to ongoing operations and negatively impact employee engagement, productivity, and efficiency. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

We sell to customers around the world and are subject to the risks of doing business in many countries. 
 We do business in more than 100 countries around the world. Less than half of our total sales in 2021 were to customers outside the U.S. In addition, our manufacturing operations, suppliers and employees are located in many places around the world. The future success of our business depends in large part on growth in our sales in non-U.S. markets. Our global operations are subject to numerous financial, legal and operating risks, such as political and economic instability; prevalence of corruption in certain countries; enforcement of contract and intellectual property rights; and compliance with existing and future laws, regulations and policies, including those related to exports, imports, tariffs, embargoes and other trade restrictions, investments, taxation, product content and performance, employment and repatriation of earnings. In addition, we are affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, inflation rates and interest rates. The occurrence or consequences of these risks may make it more difficult to operate our business and may increase our costs, which could decrease our profitability and have an adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 Failures or security breaches of our products, connected services, manufacturing environment, supply chain, or information technology systems could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 We rely heavily on information technology (IT) in our hardware and software products, solutions and services for customers, manufacturing environment, and in our enterprise infrastructure. Despite the implementation of security measures, our IT systems are vulnerable to unauthorized access by nation states, hackers, cyber-criminals, malicious insiders, and other actors who may engage in fraud, theft of confidential or proprietary information, or sabotage. Our systems could be compromised by malware (including ransomware), cyber attacks, and other events, ranging from widespread, non-targeted, global cyber threats to targeted advanced persistent threats. Given that our hardware and software products, solutions and services are used in critical infrastructure, these threats could indicate increased risk for our products, services, solutions, manufacturing, and IT infrastructure. Past global cyber attacks have also been perpetuated by compromising software updates in widely-used software products, increasing the risk that vulnerabilities or malicious content could be inserted into our products. In some cases, malware attacks were spread throughout the supply chain, moving from one company to the next via authorized network connections. 
 Our hardware and software products, solutions, and services are used by our direct and indirect customers in applications that may be subject to information theft, tampering, sabotage, or cyber-attacks. Careless or malicious actors could cause a customer s process to be disrupted or could cause equipment to operate in an improper manner that could result in harm to people or property. While we continue to improve the security attributes of our hardware and software products, solutions and services, we can reduce risk, not eliminate it. To a significant extent, the security of our customers systems depends on how those systems are designed, installed, protected, configured, updated and monitored, and much of this is typically outside our control. In addition, the software supply chain introduces security vulnerabilities into many products across the industry. 
 Our business uses IT resources on a dispersed, global basis for a wide variety of functions including development, engineering, manufacturing, sales, accounting, and human resources. Our vendors, partners, employees and customers have access to, and share, information across multiple locations via various digital technologies. In addition, we rely on partners and vendors, including cloud providers, for a wide range of products and outsourced activities as part of our internal IT infrastructure and our commercial offerings. Secure connectivity is important to these ongoing operations. Also, our partners and vendors frequently have access to our confidential information as well as confidential information about our customers, employees, and others. We design our security architecture to reduce the risk that a compromise of our partners infrastructure, for example a cloud platform, could lead to a compromise of our internal systems or customer networks. In addition, our Third Party Risk Program manages risk posed by our suppliers that have access to our confidential information, systems, or network, but this risk cannot be eliminated and vulnerabilities at third parties could result in unknown risk exposure to our business and information. 
 The current cyber threat environment indicates increased risk for all companies, including those in industrial automation and information. Like other global companies, we have experienced cyber threats and incidents, although none have been material or had a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. Our information security efforts, under the leadership of our Chief Information Security Officer and Chief Product Security Officer, with the support of the entire management team, include major programs designed to address security governance and risk, product security, identification and protection of critical assets, insider risk, third-party risk, security awareness, and cyber defense operations. We believe these measures reduce, but cannot eliminate, the risk of a cybersecurity incident. Any significant security incidents could have an adverse impact on sales, harm our reputation and cause us to incur legal liability and increased costs to address such events and related security concerns. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

An inability to respond to changes in customer preferences could result in decreased demand for our products. 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and offer hardware and software products that appeal to the changing needs and preferences of our customers in the various markets we serve. Developing new hardware and software products requires high levels of innovation, and the development process is often lengthy and costly. If we are not able to anticipate, identify, develop, and market products that respond to changes in customer preferences and emerging technological and broader industry trends, demand for our products could decline. 
 There are inherent risks in our solutions and services businesses. 
 Risks inherent in the sale of solutions and services include assuming greater responsibility for successfully delivering projects that meet a particular customer specification, including defining and controlling contract scope, efficiently executing projects, and managing the performance and quality of our subcontractors and suppliers. If we are unable to manage and mitigate these risks, we could incur cost overruns, liabilities and other losses that would adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We rely on our distribution channel for a substantial portion of our sales. 
 In North America, a large percentage of our sales are through distributors. In certain other countries, the majority of our sales are also through a limited number of distributors. We depend on the capabilities and competencies of our distributors to sell our hardware and software products, solutions and services and deliver value to our customers. Disruptions to our existing distribution channel or the failure of distributors to maintain and develop the appropriate capabilities to sell our hardware and software products, solutions and services could adversely affect our sales. A disruption could result from the sale of a distributor to a competitor, financial instability of a distributor or other events. 
 Intellectual property infringement claims of others and the inability to protect our intellectual property rights could harm our business and our customers. 
 Others may assert intellectual property infringement claims against us or our customers. We frequently provide a limited intellectual property indemnity in connection with our terms and conditions of sale to our customers and in other types of contracts with third parties. Indemnification payments and legal expenses to defend claims could be costly. 
 In addition, we own the rights to many patents, trademarks, brand names and trade names that are important to our business. The inability to enforce our intellectual property rights may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Expenses related to enforcing our intellectual property rights could be significant. 
 Increasing employee benefit costs and funding requirements could have a negative effect on our operating results and financial condition. 
 One important aspect of attracting and retaining qualified personnel is continuing to offer competitive employee retirement and health care benefits. The expenses we record for our pension and other postretirement benefit plans depend on factors such as changes in market interest rates, the value of plan assets, mortality assumptions and healthcare trend rates. Significant unfavorable changes in these factors would increase our expenses and funding requirements. Expenses and funding requirements related to employer-funded healthcare benefits depend on laws and regulations, which could change, as well as healthcare cost inflation. An inability to control costs and funding requirements related to employee and retiree benefits could negatively impact our operating results and financial condition. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Strategic Transactions and Investments Risks 
 Failure to identify, manage, complete, and integrate strategic transactions may adversely affect our business or we may not achieve the expected benefits of these transactions. 
 As part of our strategy, we may pursue strategic transactions, including acquisitions, joint ventures, investments, other business opportunities and purchases of technology from third parties. In order to be successful, we must identify attractive transaction opportunities, effectively complete the transaction, and manage post-closing matters, such as integration of the acquired business or technology (including related personnel) and cooperation with our joint venture and other strategic partners. We may not be able to identify or complete beneficial transaction opportunities given the intense competition for them. Even if we successfully identify and complete such transactions, we may not achieve the expected benefits of such transactions and we may not be able to successfully address risks and uncertainties inherent in such transactions, including: 
 
 difficulties in integrating the purchased or new operations, technologies, products or services, retaining customers and achieving the expected benefits of the transaction, such as sales increases, access to technologies, cost savings and increases in geographic or product presence, in the desired time frames; 
 loss of key employees or difficulties integrating personnel; 
 legal and compliance issues; 
 difficulties implementing and maintaining consistent standards, financial systems, internal and other controls, procedures, policies and information systems; 
 difficulties maintaining relationships with our joint venture and other strategic partners (including as a result of such joint venture and other strategic partners having differing business objectives) and managing disputes with such joint venture and other strategic partners that may arise in connection with our relationships with them; and 
 diversion of management s attention from other business concerns. 
 
 Future strategic transactions and technology investments could result in debt, dilution, liabilities, increased interest expense, restructuring charges, and impairment and amortization expenses related to intangible assets. 
 We own common stock in PTC Inc. and are exposed to the volatility, liquidity and other risks inherent in holding that stock. 
 We own common stock of PTC Inc. (PTC), a Nasdaq-listed company, that we acquired for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 1.0 billion. We present this investment on our Consolidated Balance Sheet at its fair value at the end of each reporting period. The fair value of our shares of PTC common stock (PTC Shares) is subject to fluctuation in the future due to the volatility of the stock market, changes in general economic conditions, and the performance of PTC. We recognize all changes in the fair value of the PTC Shares (whether realized or unrealized) as gains or losses in our Consolidated Statement of Operations. Accordingly, changes in the fair value of the PTC Shares can materially impact the earnings we report, which introduces volatility in our earnings that is not associated with the results of our business operations. In particular, significant declines in the fair value of the PTC Shares would produce significant declines in our reported earnings. 
 
 While there is an established trading market for shares of PTC common stock, there are limitations on our ability to dispose of some or all of the PTC Shares should we wish to reduce our investment. Until September 2023, we are subject to contractual restrictions on our ability to transfer the PTC Shares, subject to certain exceptions. In addition, we are subject to certain restrictions on our ability to transfer the PTC Shares under the securities laws. Further, the reported value of the PTC Shares does not necessarily reflect their lowest current market price. If we were forced to sell some or all of the PTC Shares in the market, there can be no assurance that we would be able to sell them at prices equivalent to the value of the PTC Shares that we have reported on our Consolidated Balance Sheet, and we may be forced to sell them at significantly lower prices. 
 
 Finally, our equity position in PTC is a minority position which exposes us to further risk as we are not able to exert control over PTC. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Legal, Tax and Regulatory Risks 
 New legislative and regulatory actions could adversely affect our business. 
 Legislative and regulatory action, including those related to corporate income taxes or climate change, may be taken in the various countries and other jurisdictions where we operate that may affect our business activities in those countries and other jurisdictions or may otherwise increase our costs to do business. For example, we are increasingly required to comply with various environmental and other material, product, certification and labeling laws and regulations. Our customers may also be required to comply with such legislative and regulatory requirements. These requirements could increase our costs and could potentially have an adverse effect on our ability to do business in certain jurisdictions. Changes in these requirements could impact demand for our hardware and software products, solutions and services. Compliance with state, federal and foreign privacy regulations, such as the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), could increase our operating costs as part of our efforts to protect and safeguard our sensitive data and personal information. Failure to maintain information privacy could result in legal liability or reputational harm. 
 In addition, increased public awareness and concern regarding climate change may result in more requirements or expectations that could mandate more restrictive or expansive standards, such as more prescriptive reporting of environmental, social, and governance metrics. There continues to be a lack of consistent climate change legislation and standards, which creates uncertainty. While the Company has adopted certain voluntary targets, environmental laws, regulations, or standards may be changed, accelerated, or adopted and impose significant operational restrictions and compliance requirements upon the Company, its products, or customers, which could negatively impact the Company s business, capital expenditures, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Claims from taxing authorities could have an adverse effect on our income tax expense and financial condition. 
 We conduct business in many countries, which requires us to interpret and comply with the income tax laws and rulings in each of those taxing jurisdictions. Due to the ambiguity of tax laws among those jurisdictions as well as the uncertainty of how underlying facts may be construed, our estimates of income tax liabilities may differ from actual payments or assessments. We must successfully defend any claims from taxing authorities to avoid an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 
 Potential liabilities and costs from litigation (including asbestos claims and environmental remediation) could reduce our profitability. 
 Various lawsuits, claims and proceedings have been or may be asserted against us relating to the conduct of our business, including those pertaining to the safety and security of the hardware and software products, solutions and services we sell, employment, contract matters, and environmental remediation. 
 We have been named as a defendant in lawsuits alleging personal injury as a result of exposure to asbestos that was used in certain of our products many years ago. Our products may also be used in hazardous industrial activities, which could result in product liability claims. The uncertainties of litigation (including asbestos claims) and the uncertainties related to the collection of insurance proceeds make it difficult to predict the ultimate resolution of these lawsuits. 
 Our operations are subject to various environmental regulations concerning human health, the limitation and control of emissions and discharges into the air, ground, and water, the quality of air and bodies of water, and the handling, use and disposal of specified substances. Our financial responsibility to clean up contaminated property or for natural resource damages may extend to previously owned or used properties, waterways and properties owned by unrelated companies or individuals, as well as properties that we currently own and use, regardless of whether the contamination is attributable to prior owners. We have been named as a potentially responsible party at cleanup sites and may be so named in the future, and the costs associated with these current and future sites may be significant. 
 We have, from time to time, divested certain of our businesses. In connection with these divestitures, certain lawsuits, claims and proceedings may be instituted or asserted against us related to the period that we owned the businesses, either because we agreed to retain certain liabilities related to these periods or because such liabilities fall upon us by operation of law. In some instances, the divested business has assumed the liabilities; however, it is possible that we might be responsible for satisfying those liabilities if the divested business is unable to do so. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 We operate manufacturing facilities in the United States and multiple other countries. Manufacturing space occupied approximately 2.8 million square feet. Our global headquarters are located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin in a facility that we own. We lease the remaining facilities noted below. Most of our facilities are shared by operations of all segments and may be used for multiple purposes such as administrative, manufacturing, warehousing and / or distribution. 
 The following table sets forth information regarding our headquarter locations as of September 30, 2021: 
 Location Segment/Region Milwaukee, Wisconsin, United States Global and North America Headquarters, Intelligent Devices, and Lifecycle Services Mayfield Heights, Ohio, United States Software Control Capelle, Netherlands / Diegem, Belgium Europe, Middle East and Africa Hong Kong Asia Pacific Weston, Florida, United States Latin America The following table sets forth information regarding the manufacturing square footage of our principal locations as of September 30, 2021: 
 Location Manufacturing Square Footage Monterrey, Mexico 607,000 Katowice, Poland 238,000 Mequon, Wisconsin, United States 230,000 Tecate, Mexico 225,000 Twinsburg, Ohio, United States 200,000 Richland Center, Wisconsin, United States 189,000 Cambridge, Canada 165,000 Ladysmith, Wisconsin, United States 150,000 Harbin, China 118,000 Shanghai, China 106,000 Jundiai, Brazil 95,000 Singapore 79,000 
 There are no major encumbrances (other than financing arrangements, which in the aggregate are not significant) on any of our plants or equipment. In our opinion, our properties have been well maintained, are in sound operating condition, and contain all equipment and facilities necessary to operate at present levels. The square footage of a given manufacturing facility is not indicative of the sales contribution of the products manufactured there. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 The information required by this Item is contained in Note 17 in the Consolidated Financial Statements within the section entitled Other Matters . 
 13 

Table of Contents 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 Item 4A. Information about our Executive Officers 
 The name, age, office and position held with the Company and principal occupations and employment during the past five years of each of the executive officers of the Company as of November 1, 2021 are: 
 Name, Office and Position, and Principal Occupations and Employment Age Blake D. Moret Chairman of the Board since January 1, 2018, and President and Chief Executive Officer since July 1, 2016 
 58 Sujeet Chand Senior Vice President, Technology since July 1, 2021; previously Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer 
 63 Elik I. Fooks Senior Vice President, Corporate Development since March 16, 2017; previously Vice President and General Manager, Sensing, Safety, and Connectivity Business 
 70 Nicholas C. Gangestad Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since March 1, 2021; previously Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, 3M Company (consumer goods, health care and worker safety) 
 57 Scott Genereux - Senior Vice President and Chief Revenue Officer since February 1, 2021; previously Executive Vice President of Worldwide Field Operations at Veritas (provider of information management services) (2017 to 2020), and Senior Vice President at Oracle (cloud applications and platform services) 
 58 Rebecca W. House Senior Vice President, Chief People (since July 2020) and Legal Officer and Secretary since January 3, 2017; previously Assistant General Counsel, Operations and Compliance, and Assistant Secretary at Harley-Davidson, Inc. (motorcycle manufacturer) 
 48 Frank C. Kulaszewicz Senior Vice President Lifecycle Services since October 1, 2020; previously Senior Vice President 
 57 Veena M. Lakkundi Senior Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development since November 1, 2021; previously Senior Vice President, Strategy Business Development (2020-2021), Vice President and General Manager, Industrial Adhesives and Tapes Division (2019-2020), Vice President and Chief Ethics Compliance Officer, Compliance and Business Conduct, Legal Affairs (2017-2019) at 3M Company (consumer goods, health care and worker safety) 
 52 John M. Miller Vice President and Chief Intellectual Property Counsel 
 54 Christopher Nardecchia Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer since November 1, 2017; previously Vice President and Chief Information Officer, Global Operations and Supply Chain, Amgen, Inc. (biopharmaceutical company) 
 59 Ernest Nicolas, Jr. Senior Vice President, Chief Supply Chain Officer since November 4, 2020; previously Senior Vice President, Operations and Engineering Services (from November 2019 to November 2020), Vice President, Global Supply Chain (from July 2018 to November 2019), and Vice President, Strategic Sourcing and Supply Management 
 44 Cyril Perducat Senior Vice President (since June 1, 2021) and Chief Technology Officer since July 1, 2021; previously Executive Vice President, Schneider Electric (energy and automation digital solutions) 
 52 Terry L. Riesterer Vice President and Controller since November 29, 2019; previously Vice President, Corporate Financial Planning and Analysis and Corporate Development (from August 2016 - November 2019) and Vice President, Global Finance Operations 
 53 Brian A. Shepherd - Senior Vice President Software and Control since February 1, 2021; previously President, Production Software SFx (2019-2020) and Senior Vice President, Software Solutions (2017-2019) at Hexagon Manufacturing Intelligence (metrology and manufacturing solution specialist), and Executive Vice President, PTC Inc. (digital technology) 
 
 56 Isaac Woods Vice President and Treasurer since October 1, 2020; previously Director, Finance, Power Control Business (from March 2019 - October 2020), Director, Capital Markets (from January 2017 to March 2019), and Manager, Corporate Finance and Investor Relations 
 36 Francis S. Wlodarczyk Senior Vice President Intelligent Devices since October 1, 2020; previously Senior Vice President (since July 2, 2018) and Vice President, Control and Visualization Business 
 56 
 There are no family relationships, as defined by applicable SEC rules, between any of the above executive officers and any other executive officer or director of the Company. No officer of the Company was selected pursuant to any arrangement or understanding between the officer and any person other than the Company. All executive officers are elected annually. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock, 1 par value, is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and trades under the symbol ROK . On October 31, 2021, there were 13,207 shareowners of record of our common stock. 
 Company Purchases 
 The table below sets forth information with respect to purchases made by or on behalf of us of shares of our common stock during the three months ended September 30, 2021: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid Per Share (2) 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Approx. Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (3) 
 July 1 31, 2021 76,727 293.14 76,727 591,003,972 August 1 31, 2021 62,574 316.31 62,574 571,211,496 September 1 30, 2021 60,788 310.74 60,788 552,321,985 Total 200,089 305.73 200,089 
 (1) All of the shares purchased during the quarter ended September 30, 2021, were acquired pursuant to the repurchase program described in (3) below. 
 (2) Average price paid per share includes brokerage commissions. 
 (3) On July 24, 2019, the Board of Directors authorized us to expend an additional 1.0 billion to repurchase shares of our common stock. Our repurchase program allows us to repurchase shares at management s discretion or at our broker s discretion pursuant to a share repurchase plan subject to price and volume parameters. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Performance Graph 
 The following information is not deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C under the Exchange Act or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, and will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent the Company specifically incorporates it by reference into such a filing. 
 The following line graph compares the cumulative total shareowner return on our common stock against the cumulative total return of the S P Composite-500 Stock Index (S P 500 Index) and the S P Electrical Components Equipment Index for the period of five fiscal years from October 1, 2016, to September 30, 2021, assuming in each case a fixed investment of 100 at the respective closing prices on September 30, 2016, and reinvestment of all dividends. 
 
 The cumulative total returns on Rockwell Automation common stock and each index as of September 30, 2016 through 2021 plotted in the above graph are as follows: 
 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 Rockwell Automation 100.00 148.54 159.26 143.26 195.79 264.96 S P 500 Index 100.00 118.61 139.85 145.80 167.89 218.26 S P Electrical Components Equipment 100.00 120.13 139.16 134.49 156.25 226.35 Cash dividends per common share 2.90 3.04 3.51 3.88 4.08 4.28 
 Includes the reinvestment of all dividends in our common stock. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. Reserved 
 Not required. 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Results of Operations 
 Non-GAAP Measures 
 The following discussion includes organic sales, total segment operating earnings and margin, Adjusted Income, Adjusted EPS, Adjusted Effective Tax Rate and free cash flow, which are non-GAAP measures. See Supplemental Sales Information for a reconciliation of reported sales to organic sales and a discussion of why we believe this non-GAAP measure is useful to investors. See Results of Operations for a reconciliation of income before income taxes to total segment operating earnings and margin and a discussion of why we believe these non-GAAP measures are useful to investors. See Results of Operations for a reconciliation of income from continuing operations, diluted EPS from continuing operations and effective tax rate to Adjusted Income, Adjusted EPS and Adjusted Effective Tax Rate, respectively, and a discussion of why we believe these non-GAAP measures are useful to investors. See Financial Condition for a reconciliation of cash flows from operating activities to free cash flow and a discussion of why we believe this non-GAAP measure is useful to investors. 
 Overview 
 Rockwell Automation, Inc. is a global leader in industrial automation and digital transformation. We connect the imaginations of people with the potential of technology to expand what is humanly possible, making the world more productive and more sustainable. Overall demand for our hardware and software products, solutions and services is driven by: 
 investments in manufacturing, including upgrades, modifications and expansions of existing facilities or production lines and new facilities or production lines; 
 investments in basic materials production capacity, which may be related to commodity pricing levels; 
 our customers needs for faster time to market, operational productivity, asset management and reliability, and enterprise risk management; 
 our customers needs to continuously improve quality, safety and sustainability; 
 industry factors that include our customers new product introductions, demand for our customers products or services and the regulatory and competitive environments in which our customers operate; 
 levels of global industrial production and capacity utilization; 
 regional factors that include local political, social, regulatory and economic circumstances; and 
 the spending patterns of our customers due to their annual budgeting processes and their working schedules. 
 Long-term Strategy 
 Our strategy is to bring The Connected Enterprise to life by integrating control and information across the enterprise. We deliver customer outcomes by combining advanced industrial automation with the latest information technology. Our growth and performance strategy seeks to: 
 achieve organic sales growth in excess of the automation market by expanding our served market and strengthening our competitive differentiation; 
 grow market share of our core platforms; 
 drive double digit growth in information solutions and connected services; 
 drive double digit growth in annual recurring revenue; 
 acquire companies that serve as catalysts to organic growth by increasing our information solutions and high-value services offerings and capabilities, expanding our global presence, or enhancing our process expertise; 
 enhance our market access by building our channel capability and partner network; 
 deploy human and financial resources to strengthen our technology leadership and our intellectual capital business model; 
 continuously improve quality and customer experience; and 
 drive annual cost productivity. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

By implementing the above strategy, we seek to achieve our long-term financial goals, including above-market organic sales growth, increasing the portion of our total revenue that is recurring in nature, EPS growth above sales growth, return on invested capital in excess of 20 percent and free cash flow equal to about 100 percent of Adjusted Income. We expect acquisitions to add a percentage point or more per year to long-term sales growth. 
 Our customers face the challenge of remaining globally cost competitive and automation can help them achieve their productivity and sustainability objectives. Our value proposition is to help our customers reduce time to market, lower total cost of ownership, improve asset utilization and manage enterprise risks. 
 Differentiation through Technology Innovation and Domain Expertise 
 Our integrated control and information architecture, with Logix at its core, is an important differentiator. We are the only automation provider that can support discrete, process, batch, safety, motion and power control on the same hardware platform with the same software programming environment. Our integrated architecture is scalable with standard open communications protocols making it easier for customers to implement it more cost effectively. Our information software portfolio, combined with the software made available as a result of our strategic alliance with PTC, is the most comprehensive and flexible information platform in the industry. Through the combination of this technology and our domain expertise we help customers to achieve additional productivity benefits, such as reduced unplanned downtime, improved energy efficiency, higher quality and increased throughput yield. 
 Intelligent motor control is one of our core competencies and an important aspect of an automation system. These hardware and software products and solutions enhance the availability, efficiency and safe operation of our customers critical and most energy-intensive plant assets. Our intelligent motor control offering can be integrated seamlessly with the Logix architecture. 
 Domain expertise refers to the industry and application knowledge required to deliver solutions and services that support customers through the entire life cycle of their automation investment. The combination of industry-specific domain expertise of our people with our innovative technologies enables us to help our customers solve their manufacturing and business challenges. 
 Global Expansion 
 As the manufacturing world continues to expand, we must be able to meet our customers needs around the world. Approximately 66 percent of our employees and less than half of our total sales are outside the U.S. We continue to expand our footprint in emerging markets. 
 As we expand in markets with considerable growth potential and shift our global footprint, we expect to continue to broaden the portfolio of hardware and software products, solutions and services that we provide to our customers in these regions. We have made significant investments to globalize our manufacturing, product development and customer-facing resources in order to be closer to our customers throughout the world. The emerging markets of Asia Pacific, including China and India, Latin America, Central and Eastern Europe and Africa are projected to be the fastest growing over the long term, due to higher levels of infrastructure investment and the growing middle-class population. We believe that increased demand for consumer products in these markets will lead to manufacturing investment and provide us with additional growth opportunities in the future. 
 Enhanced Market Access 
 Over the past decade, our investments in technology and globalization have enabled us to expand our addressed market to over 90 billion. Our process initiative has been the most important contributor to this expansion and remains our largest growth opportunity. 
 Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) represent another area of addressed market expansion and an important growth opportunity. To remain competitive, OEMs need to find the optimal balance of machine cost and performance while reducing their time to market. Our scalable integrated architecture and intelligent motor control offerings, along with design productivity tools and our motion and safety products, can assist OEMs in addressing these business needs. 
 We have developed a powerful network of channel partners, technology partners and commercial partners that act as amplifiers to our internal capabilities and enable us to serve our customers needs around the world. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

Broad Range of Industries Served 
 We apply our knowledge of manufacturing applications to help customers solve their business challenges. We serve customers in a wide range of industries, which we group into three broad categories: discrete, hybrid, and process. 
 Discrete Hybrid Process Automotive Food Beverage Oil Gas Semiconductor Life Sciences Mining Warehousing E-commerce Household Personal Care Metals General Industries Tire Chemicals Printing Publishing Eco Industrial Pulp Paper Marine Water / Wastewater Other Process Glass Waste Management Fiber Textiles Mass Transit Airports Renewable Energy Aerospace Other Discrete 
 Outsourcing and Sustainability Trends 
 Demand for our hardware and software products, solutions and services across all industries benefits from the outsourcing and sustainability needs of our customers. Customers increasingly desire to outsource engineering services to achieve a more flexible cost base. Our manufacturing application knowledge enables us to serve these customers globally. 
 We help our customers meet their sustainability needs pertaining to energy efficiency, environmental, and safety goals. Customers across all industries are investing in more energy-efficient manufacturing processes and technologies, such as intelligent motor control, and energy-efficient solutions and services. In addition, environmental and safety objectives, including those related to combating climate change, often spur customers to invest to ensure compliance and implement sustainable business practices. As customers seek to be more sustainable, our offering of hardware and software products provide strategic opportunities to appeal to their changing needs and preferences. 
 Acquisitions and Investments 
 Our acquisition and investment strategy focuses on hardware and software products, solutions and services that will be catalytic to the organic growth of our core offerings. 
 In August 2021, we acquired Plex Systems (Plex), a cloud-native smart manufacturing platform. Plex offers a single-instance, multi-tenant Software-as-a-Service manufacturing platform operating at scale, including advanced manufacturing execution systems, quality, and supply chain management capabilities. 
 In December 2020, we acquired Fiix Inc., a privately-held, artificial intelligence enabled computerized maintenance management system (CMMS) company based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Fiix s cloud-native CMMS creates workflows for the scheduling, organizing, and tracking of equipment maintenance; connects seamlessly to business systems; and drives data-driven decisions. 
 In October 2020, we acquired Oylo, a privately-held industrial cybersecurity services provider based in Barcelona, Spain. Oylo is dedicated to providing a broad range of industrial control system cybersecurity services and solutions including assessments, turnkey implementations, managed services and incident response. 
 In April 2020, we acquired ASEM, S.p.A. (ASEM), a provider of digital automation technologies. ASEM s products will allow us to provide customers with a high degree of configurability for their industrial computing needs, allow them to achieve faster time to market, lower their cost of ownership, improve asset utilization, and better manage enterprise risk. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

In April 2020, we also acquired Kalypso, LP (Kalypso), a privately-held US-based software delivery and consulting firm specializing in the digital transformation of industrial companies with a strong client base in life sciences, consumer products and industrial high-tech. This acquisition enhances our ability to implement and deploy technology and deliver even greater value to our customers. 
 In January 2020, we acquired Avnet Data Security, LTD (Avnet), an Israel-based cybersecurity provider with over 20 years of experience providing cybersecurity services. Avnet s combination of service delivery, training, research, and managed services enables us to service a much larger set of customers globally while also continuing to accelerate our portfolio development in this market. 
 On October 1, 2019, we completed the formation of a joint venture, Sensia, a fully integrated digital oilfield automation solutions provider. The joint venture leverages Schlumberger s oil and gas domain knowledge and our automation and information expertise. Rockwell Automation owns 53 of Sensia and Schlumberger owns 47 of Sensia. 
 In October 2019, we also acquired MESTECH Services (MESTECH), a global provider of Manufacturing Execution Systems / Manufacturing Operations Management, digital solutions consulting, and systems integration services. The acquisition of MESTECH expands our capabilities to profitably grow information solutions and connected services globally and accelerate our ability to help our customers execute digital transformation initiatives. 
 In January 2019, we acquired Emulate3D, an innovative engineering software developer whose products digitally simulate and emulate industrial automation systems. This acquisition enables our customers to virtually test machine and system designs before incurring manufacturing and automation costs and committing to a final design. 
 In 2018, we made several investments, including in shares of PTC common stock (the PTC Shares ). PTC is the leader in the Industrial Internet of Things and augmented reality. Our investment in and alliance with PTC is accelerating growth for both companies and enabling us to be the partner of choice for customers around the world who want to transform their physical operations with digital technology in order to achieve increased productivity, heightened plant efficiency, reduced operational risk and better system interoperability. 
 We believe these acquisitions and investments will help us expand our served market and deliver value to our customers. 
 Attracting, Developing, and Retaining Highly Qualified Talent 
 At Rockwell Automation, we promise to expand human possibility within our company and throughout the world of industrial production, and we work to attract and develop highly engaged people who can and want to do their best work. 
 Our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion starts at the top. Our 11 board members, 10 of whom are independent, include three female and two African American directors. In fiscal year 2021, we hired our first chief diversity officer and made investments to accelerate our efforts to increase diversity, equity, and inclusion across the company. 
 A culture of integrity is fundamental to Rockwell s core values, including a formal ethics and compliance organization and an Ombuds office that investigates ethical and legal concerns brought forth by employees. In fiscal year 2020, we refreshed our code of conduct that along with our partner code of conduct and supplier code of conduct prohibits corrupt acts, bribery and anticompetitive behavior. Employee training is used to reinforce our values companywide, with participation in trainings related to ethics, environment, health and safety, and emergency responses at or near 100 . 
 20 

Table of Contents 

There are several ways in which we attract, develop, and retain highly qualified talent, including: 
 We make the safety and health of our employees a top priority. We strive for zero workplace injuries and illnesses and operate in a manner that recognizes safety as fundamental to Rockwell Automation being a great place to work. In fiscal year 2021, we achieved 0.27 recordable cases per 100 employees. 
 We capture and act upon employee feedback through our annual employee engagement survey. It measures several engagement indicators and drivers and provides an overall employee engagement index (EEI) with external benchmark comparison. The latest survey, conducted in February 2021, showed an EEI of 74, which was equal to a global norm for this index. Our global inclusion index score was 76, three points higher than the global benchmark of 73. 
 We invest in growth and development of our employees. As the pace of change increases, it is important we provide re-skilling and upskilling opportunities for our technical talent, along with soft skills and leadership development for all. We offer a portfolio of all employee, managerial and leader training that spans on-demand self-paced and virtual live instructor-led formats. Our programs focus on basic as well as transformational skills. We take pride in our culture and in fiscal year 2021 created an opportunity for our employees to participate in team-based culture workshops. In fiscal 2021, the majority of our employees completed one or more of our training programs representing over 100,000 learning hours. 
 We offer employee assistance and work life benefits to all global employees. Our comprehensive benefits include healthcare benefits, disability and life insurance benefits, paid time off, and leave programs. Rockwell offers plans and resources to help employees meet future savings goals through defined benefit and retirement savings plans. We offer flextime, remote work, and part-time arrangements whenever business conditions permit. 
 We monitor employee retention and attrition rates by demographic factors including by gender, ethnicity, generation, years of service, career role, region, business, and function. We generally experienced higher attrition rates in fiscal year 2021 as compared to fiscal year 2020. We believe the increase is consistent with market trends experienced broadly across labor markets in fiscal 2021. We use attrition rate information to identify and address unfavorable trends to mitigate risk to our business. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of risks relating to our inability to attract, develop, and retain highly qualified talent. 
 At September 30, 2021, our employees, including those employed by consolidated subsidiaries, by region were approximately: 
 North America 9,500 Europe, Middle East and Africa 5,000 Asia Pacific 5,500 Latin America 4,500 Total employees 24,500 
 Our employees had the following global gender demographics: 
 September 30, 2021 Women Men All employees 32 68 Engineers 15 85 Manufacturing Associates 49 51 Individual Contributors 36 64 People Managers 25 75 
 21 

Table of Contents 

Our U.S. employees had the following race and ethnicity demographics based on voluntary disclosure: 
 September 30, 2021 All U.S. Employees Engineers Manufacturing Associates Individual Contributors People Managers Black / African American 7 4 14 6 6 Asian 10 12 14 6 8 Hispanic / Latinx 5 5 4 6 5 White 75 77 56 79 80 Multiracial, Native American and Pacific Islander 1 1 2 2 1 Undisclosed 2 1 10 1 
 Continuous Improvement 
 Productivity and continuous improvement are important components of our culture. We have programs in place that drive ongoing process improvement, functional streamlining, material cost savings and manufacturing productivity. These are intended to improve profitability that can be used to fund investments in growth and to offset inflation. Our ongoing productivity initiatives target both cost reduction and improved asset utilization. Charges for workforce reductions and facility rationalization may be required in order to effectively execute our productivity programs. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

U. S. Industrial Economic Trends 
 In 2021, sales in the U.S. accounted for over half of our total sales. The various indicators we use to gauge the direction and momentum of our served U.S. markets include: 
 The Industrial Production (IP) Index, published by the Federal Reserve, which measures the real output of manufacturing, mining, and electric and gas utilities. The IP Index is expressed as a percentage of real output in a base year, currently 2017. Historically, there has been a meaningful correlation between the changes in the IP Index and the level of automation investment made by our U.S. customers in their manufacturing base. 
 The Manufacturing Purchasing Managers Index (PMI), published by the Institute for Supply Management (ISM), which indicates the current and near-term state of manufacturing activity in the U.S. According to the ISM, a PMI measure above 50 indicates that the U.S. manufacturing economy is generally expanding while a measure below 50 indicates that it is generally contracting. 
 The table below depicts the trends in these indicators from fiscal 2019 to 2021. These figures are as of the date of this filing and are subject to revision by the issuing organizations. The IP index continued to improve during the quarter, reaching the pre-pandemic level in August before declining below that level again in September. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, PMI continues to be well above 50. The September PMI represents the sixteenth consecutive month of expansion in the overall economy. 
 IP Index PMI Fiscal 2021 quarter ended: September 2021 100.9 61.1 June 2021 99.9 60.6 March 2021 98.3 64.7 December 2020 97.4 60.5 Fiscal 2020 quarter ended: September 2020 95.5 55.4 June 2020 87.1 52.6 March 2020 100.0 49.1 December 2019 101.7 47.8 Fiscal 2019 quarter ended: September 2019 102.4 48.2 June 2019 102.4 51.6 March 2019 103.0 54.6 December 2018 103.9 54.3 
 Non-U.S. Economic Trends 
 In 2021, sales to customers outside the U.S. accounted for less than half of our total sales. These customers include both indigenous companies and multinational companies with a global presence. In addition to the global factors previously mentioned in the Overview section, international demand, particularly in emerging markets, has historically been driven by the strength of the industrial economy in each region, investments in infrastructure and expanding consumer markets. We use changes in key countries' gross domestic product and IP as indicators of the growth opportunities in each region where we do business. 
 Industrial output and PMI outside the U.S. was mixed in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. Industrial output projections for the first quarter of fiscal 2022 are varied with some regions projected to grow sequentially and others projected to contract. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

Supply Chain 
 We have a global supply chain, including a network of suppliers and distribution and manufacturing facilities. The supply chain is stressed by increased demand, along with pandemic-related and other global events that have put additional pressures on manufacturing output and freight lanes. This has resulted in and could continue to result in: 
 disruptions in our supply chain; 
 difficulty in procuring or inability to procure components and materials necessary for our hardware and software products, solutions and services; 
 increased costs for commodities, components, and freight services; and 
 delays in delivering, or an inability to deliver, our hardware and software products, solutions, and services. 
 We are closely managing our end-to-end supply chain, from sourcing to production to customer delivery, with a particular focus on all critical and at-risk suppliers and supplier locations globally. 
 COVID-19 Pandemic 
 In fiscal 2020, we experienced a significant disruption to our business as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic which impacted demand for our hardware and software products, services and solutions. In response to the pandemic we implemented enhanced policies and procedures for employee safety and we implemented temporary cost reduction actions and other adjustments to our cost structure. Restrictions on physical access to customer, manufacturing and office facilities has created and continues to create inefficiencies and execution delays. 
 We continue to monitor the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on all aspects of our business and geographies. Uncertainty on the duration and severity of those impacts remain as new variants of the virus have emerged and the evolving nature of vaccine roll-outs and regulations. New regulations for vaccines and COVID-19 testing and health and safety requirements have been announced and additional regulations may be announced in the jurisdictions in which our business operates. We are continuously responding to the changing conditions created by the pandemic and evolving regulations and remain focused on our priorities including employee health and safety, our customer needs, and protecting critical investments to drive long-term differentiation. 
 We have seen a recovery in demand for our hardware and software products, services, and solutions during fiscal 2021, allowing us to reverse our temporary cost reduction actions, and we expect this to continue into fiscal 2022. We continue to monitor and to respond to the impacts on our businesses from macroeconomic effects including the ongoing impacts of the pandemic, supply chain constraints, and materials and labor shortages. 
 Outlook 
 The table below provides guidance for sales growth and earnings per share for fiscal 2022. Our guidance reflects strong demand as well as record backlog entering into fiscal year 2022. Supply chain challenges remain dynamic, and our projections assume gradual improvement over the course of the year. 
 Sales Growth Guidance EPS Guidance Reported sales growth 16 - 19 Diluted EPS 9.91 - 10.51 Organic sales growth 1 
 14 - 17 Adjusted EPS 1 
 10.50 - 11.10 Inorganic sales growth 2 
 ~ 2 Currency translation ~ 0 
 1 Organic sales growth and Adjusted EPS are non-GAAP measures. See Supplemental Sales Information and Adjusted Income, Adjusted EPS and Adjusted Effective Tax Rate Reconciliation for more information on these non-GAAP measures. 
 2 Estimate for incremental sales resulting from businesses acquired in fiscal year 2021. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Summary of Results of Operations 
 The following table reflects our sales and operating results (in millions, except per share amounts): 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Sales Intelligent Devices (a) 3,311.9 2,956.0 3,279.7 Software Control (b) 1,947.0 1,681.3 1,790.0 Lifecycle Services (c) 1,738.5 1,692.5 1,625.1 Total sales (d) 6,997.4 6,329.8 6,694.8 Segment operating earnings 1 
 Intelligent Devices (e) 702.1 587.8 697.0 Software Control (f) 531.0 473.8 531.2 Lifecycle Services (g) 158.2 196.3 245.4 Total segment operating earnings 2 (h) 
 1,391.3 1,257.9 1,473.6 Purchase accounting depreciation and amortization (55.1) (41.4) (16.6) Corporate and other (120.6) (98.9) (108.8) Non-operating pension and postretirement benefit (cost) credit (63.8) (37.4) 8.4 Gain (loss) on investments 397.4 153.9 (402.2) Valuation adjustments related to the registration of PTC Shares 33.7 Legal settlement 70.0 Interest (expense) income, net (93.0) (98.0) (87.1) Income before income taxes (i) 1,526.2 1,136.1 901.0 Income tax provision (181.9) (112.9) (205.2) Net income 1,344.3 1,023.2 695.8 Net (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests (13.8) (0.2) Net income attributable to Rockwell Automation 1,358.1 1,023.4 695.8 Diluted EPS 11.58 8.77 5.83 Adjusted EPS 3 
 9.43 7.87 8.78 Diluted weighted average outstanding shares 117.1 116.6 119.3 Pre-tax margin (i/d) 21.8 17.9 13.5 Intelligent Devices segment operating margin (e/a) 21.2 19.9 21.3 Software Control segment operating margin (f/b) 27.3 28.2 29.7 Lifecycle Services segment operating margin (g/c) 9.1 11.6 15.1 Total segment operating margin 2 (h/d) 
 19.9 19.9 22.0 
 (1) See Note 19 in the Consolidated Financial Statements for the definition of segment operating earnings. 
 (2) Total segment operating earnings and total segment operating margin are non-GAAP financial measures. We exclude purchase accounting depreciation and amortization, corporate and other, non-operating pension and postretirement benefit (cost) credit, gains and losses on investments, the 70 million legal settlement in fiscal 2021, valuation adjustments related to the registration of the PTC Shares in fiscal 2019, interest (expense) income - net, and income tax provision because we do not consider these costs to be directly related to the operating performance of our segments. We believe total segment operating earnings and total segment operating margin are useful to investors as measures of operating performance. We use these measures to monitor and evaluate the profitability of our operating segments. Our measures of total segment operating earnings and total segment operating margin may be different from measures used by other companies. 
 (3) Adjusted EPS is a non-GAAP earnings measure. See Adjusted Income, Adjusted EPS and Adjusted Effective Tax Rate Reconciliation for more information on this non-GAAP measure. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

2021 Compared to 2020 
 Sales 
 Sales in fiscal 2021 increased 10.5 percent compared to 2020. Organic sales increased 6.7 percent of which approximately 1 percent was due to pricing. Currency translation increased sales by 2.3 percentage points. Acquisitions increased sales by 1.5 percentage points. Organic annual recurring revenue (ARR) at September 30, 2021 grew approximately 18 percent compared to September 30, 2020. See Organic Annual Recurring Revenue for information on this measure. 
 The table below presents our sales, attributed to the geographic regions based upon country of destination, for the year ended September 30, 2021, and the percentage change from the same period a year ago (in millions, except percentages): 
 Change vs. Change in Organic 
 Sales (1) vs. 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 Year Ended September 30, 2020 Year Ended September 30, 2020 North America 4,132.8 9.9 8.0 Europe, Middle East and Africa 1,405.7 12.5 2.8 Asia Pacific 1,012.2 16.5 10.3 Latin America 446.7 (1.1) (0.1) Total sales 6,997.4 10.5 6.7 
 (1) Organic sales and organic sales growth exclude the effect of acquisitions, changes in currency exchange rates, and divestitures. See Supplemental Sales Information for information on these non-GAAP measures. 
 Reported and organic sales in North America increased in discrete and hybrid industries, partially offset by weakness in process industries, particularly Oil Gas. 
 EMEA reported and organic sales increased primarily due to strength in Food Beverage and Tire. Reported sales also increased due to currency translation and sales from acquisitions. 
 Asia Pacific reported and organic sales increased year over year, primarily due to strength in Semiconductor, Life Sciences, and Tire. Reported sales also increased due to favorable currency translation. 
 Reported and organic sales in Latin America decreased year over year, primarily due to weakness in Mining and Oil Gas, partially offset by growth in Food Beverage. 
 Corporate and Other 
 Corporate and other expenses were 120.6 million in fiscal 2021 compared to 98.9 million in fiscal 2020. The increase was primarily driven by deal costs associated with the acquisition of Plex Systems. 
 Income before Income Taxes 
 Income before income taxes increased to 1,526.2 million in 2021 from 1,136.1 million in 2020, primarily due to fair-value adjustments recognized in 2021 and 2020 in connection with our investment in PTC (the PTC adjustments ), higher operating earnings, and a 70 million pre-tax favorable legal settlement in the first quarter of fiscal 2021. Total segment operating earnings increased to 1,391.3 million from 1,257.9 million in 2020, primarily due to higher sales, partially offset by the reinstatement of incentive compensation and the reversal of temporary pay actions taken in fiscal 2020. 
 Income Taxes 
 The effective tax rate in 2021 was 11.9 percent compared to 9.9 percent in 2020. The increase in the effective tax rate was primarily due to the effect of tax benefits recognized upon the formation of the Sensia joint venture in fiscal 2020 and other discrete items. The Adjusted Effective Tax Rate in 2021 was 11.6 percent compared to 12.4 percent in 2020. The decrease in the Adjusted Effective Tax Rate was primarily due to higher discrete benefits in the current year. 
 See Note 16 in the Consolidated Financial Statements for a complete reconciliation of the United States statutory tax rate to the effective tax rate and more information on tax events in 2021 and 2020 affecting each year s respective tax rates. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Diluted EPS and Adjusted EPS 
 Fiscal 2021 net income attributable to Rockwell Automation was 1,358.1 million or 11.58 per share, compared to 1,023.4 million or 8.77 per share in fiscal 2020. The increase in net income attributable to Rockwell Automation and diluted EPS were primarily due to higher sales and the PTC adjustments, partially offset by the reinstatement of incentive compensation and the reversal of temporary pay actions taken in fiscal 2020. Adjusted EPS was 9.43 in fiscal 2021, up 19.8 percent compared to 7.87 in fiscal 2020, primarily due to higher sales, partially offset by the reinstatement of incentive compensation and the reversal of temporary pay actions taken in fiscal 2020. 
 Operating Segments 
 The following is a discussion of our results by operating segment. See Note 19 in the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on each segment and our definition of segment operating earnings. 
 Intelligent Devices 
 Sales 
 Intelligent Devices sales increased 12.0 percent in 2021 compared to 2020. Organic sales increased 9.7 percent. The effects of currency translation increased sales by 2.3 percentage points. All regions experienced sales increases. 
 Segment Operating Margin 
 Intelligent Devices segment operating earnings increased 19.4 percent. Segment operating margin increased to 21.2 in 2021 from 19.9 in 2020, primarily due to higher sales, partially offset by the reinstatement of incentive compensation. 
 Software Control 
 Sales 
 Software Control sales increased 15.8 percent in 2021 compared to 2020. Organic sales increased 10.0 percent. The effects of currency translation increased sales by 2.5 percentage points and acquisitions increased sales by 3.3 percentage points. All regions experienced sales increases. 
 Segment Operating Margin 
 Software Control segment operating earnings increased 12.1 percent year over year. Segment operating margin decreased to 27.3 in 2021 from 28.2 percent a year ago, primarily due to higher planned investment spend and the reinstatement of incentive compensation, partially offset by higher sales. 
 Lifecycle Services 
 Sales 
 Lifecycle Services sales increased 2.7 percent in 2021 compared to 2020. Organic sales decreased 1.8 percent. The effects of currency translation increased sales by 2.2 percentage points and acquisitions increased sales by 2.3 percentage points. Reported sales increased in EMEA and Asia Pacific, were flat in North America, and decreased in Latin America. Organic sales decreased in all regions except Asia Pacific. 
 Segment Operating Margin 
 Lifecycle Services segment operating earnings decreased 19.4 percent year over year. Segment operating margin decreased to 9.1 in 2021 from 11.6 percent a year ago, primarily due to the reinstatement of incentive compensation. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

2020 Compared to 2019 
 Sales 
 Sales in fiscal 2020 decreased 5.5 percent compared to 2019. Organic sales decreased 7.8 percent of which pricing increased sales by approximately 1 percentage point. Currency translation decreased sales by 1.2 percentage points. Acquisitions increased sales by 3.5 percentage points. 
 The table below presents our sales, attributed to the geographic regions based upon country of destination, for the year ended September 30, 2020, and the percentage change from the same period a year ago: 
 Change vs. Change in Organic 
 Sales (1) vs. 
 (in millions, except percentages) Year Ended September 30, 2020 Year Ended September 30, 2019 Year Ended September 30, 2019 North America 3,760.2 (6.3) (8.5) Europe, Middle East and Africa 1,249.3 (6.5) Asia Pacific 868.7 (4.4) (5.3) Latin America 451.6 (13.5) (9.5) Total sales 6,329.8 (5.5) (7.8) 
 (1) Organic sales and organic sales growth exclude the effect of acquisitions, changes in currency exchange rates, and divestitures. See Supplemental Sales Information for information on these non-GAAP measures. 
 
 Sales in North America decreased year over year, led by weakness in Oil Gas, Metals, and Pulp Paper. 
 
 EMEA sales remained flat year over year. Organic sales decreased, driven by weak process industries and Tire. 
 
 Asia Pacific sales decreased year over year, due to weakness in Oil Gas and Food Beverage. 
 
 Sales in Latin America decreased year over year, primarily due to Oil Gas, Automotive, and Mining. 
 Corporate and other 
 Corporate and other expenses were 98.9 million in fiscal 2020 compared to 108.8 million in fiscal 2019. 
 Income before Income Taxes 
 Income before income taxes increased 26 percent from 901.0 million in 2019 to 1,136.1 million in 2020, primarily due to the PTC adjustments, partially offset by lower sales. Total segment operating earnings decreased 15 percent year over year from 1,473.6 million in 2019 to 1,257.9 million in 2020, primarily due to lower sales, partially offset by a combination of temporary and structural cost actions. 
 Income Taxes 
 The effective tax rate in 2020 was 9.9 percent compared to 22.8 percent in 2019. The decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily due to the PTC adjustments, tax benefits recognizable upon the formation of the Sensia joint venture, and other discrete items. The Adjusted Effective Tax Rate in 2020 was 12.4 percent compared to 17.9 percent in 2019. The decrease in the Adjusted Effective Tax Rate was primarily due to our benefit from non-U.S. tax rates, tax benefits recognizable upon the formation of the Sensia joint venture, and other discrete items. 
 See Note 16 in the Consolidated Financial Statements for a complete reconciliation of the United States statutory tax rate to the effective tax rate and more information on tax events in 2020 and 2019 affecting each year s respective tax rates. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

Diluted EPS and Adjusted EPS 
 Fiscal 2020 net income attributable to Rockwell Automation was 1,023.4 million or 8.77 per share, compared to 695.8 million or 5.83 per share in fiscal 2019. The increase in net income attributable to Rockwell Automation and diluted EPS were primarily due to the PTC adjustments, partially offset by lower sales. Fiscal 2020 Adjusted EPS was 7.87, down 10.4 percent compared to 8.78 in fiscal 2019, primarily due to lower sales, partially offset by a combination of temporary and structural cost actions. 
 Operating Segments 
 The following is a discussion of our results by operating segment. See Note 19 in the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on each segment and our definition of segment operating earnings. 
 Intelligent Devices 
 Sales 
 Intelligent Devices sales decreased 9.9 percent in 2020 compared to 2019. Organic sales decreased 8.8 percent and the effect of currency translation decreased sales by 1.1 percentage points. All regions experienced sales declines. 
 Segment Operating Margin 
 Intelligent Devices segment operating earnings decreased 15.7 percent. Operating margin was 19.9 percent in 2020 compared to 21.3 percent in 2019, primarily due to lower sales, partially offset by a combination of temporary and structural cost actions. 
 Software Control 
 Sales 
 Software Control sales decreased 6.1 percent in 2020 compared to 2019. Organic sales decreased 5.9 percent, the effect of currency translation decreased sales by 1.2 percentage points, and acquisitions increased sales by 1.0 percentage points. All regions experienced sales declines. 
 Segment Operating Margin 
 Software Control segment operating earnings decreased 10.8 percent year over year. Segment operating margin was 28.2 percent in 2020 compared to 29.7 percent a year ago, primarily due to lower sales, partially offset by a combination of temporary and structural cost actions. 
 Lifecycle Services 
 Sales 
 Lifecycle Services sales increased 4.1 percent in 2020 compared to 2019. Organic sales decreased 7.8 percent, the effect of currency translation decreased sales by 1.4 percentage points, and acquisitions increased sales by 13.3 percentage points. Reported sales increased in all regions except Latin America, and all regions experienced organic sales declines. 
 Segment Operating Margin 
 Lifecycle Services segment operating earnings decreased 20.0 percent year over year. Segment operating margin was 11.6 percent in 2020 compared to 15.1 percent a year ago, primarily due to lower organic sales and the impact of acquisitions, partially offset by a combination of temporary and structural cost actions. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

Supplemental Segment Information 
 Purchase accounting depreciation and amortization and non-operating pension and postretirement benefit cost (credit) are not allocated to our operating segments because these costs are excluded from our measurement of each segment s operating performance for internal purposes. If we were to allocate these costs, we would attribute them to each of our segments as follows (in millions): 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Purchase accounting depreciation and amortization Intelligent Devices 2.7 2.9 3.3 Software Control 19.2 6.7 4.8 Lifecycle Services 32.1 30.8 7.4 Non-operating pension and postretirement benefit cost (credit) Intelligent Devices 14.1 7.4 (4.2) Software Control 14.1 7.4 (4.2) Lifecycle Services 18.8 9.9 (5.5) 
 30 

Table of Contents 

Adjusted Income, Adjusted EPS and Adjusted Effective Tax Rate Reconciliation 
 Adjusted Income, Adjusted EPS and Adjusted Effective Tax Rate are non-GAAP earnings measures that exclude non-operating pension and postretirement benefit cost (credit), purchase accounting depreciation and amortization attributable to Rockwell Automation, net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests, and gains and losses on investments, including their respective tax effects. Non-operating pension and postretirement benefit cost (credit) is defined as all components of our net periodic pension and postretirement benefit cost except for service cost. See Note 14 in the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on our net periodic pension and postretirement benefit cost. 
 Beginning in fiscal 2021, we changed our definition of Adjusted Income and Adjusted EPS to exclude the impact of purchase accounting depreciation and amortization attributable to Rockwell Automation, including the related tax effects. The definition of Adjusted Effective Tax Rate also changed to correspond to the purchase accounting items now being excluded from Adjusted Income. We believe these new definitions provide more useful information about our operating performance and allow management and investors to better compare our operating performance period over period, compared to our prior definitions of these measures given our increased inorganic investments. All previously reported amounts within this filing have been recast to conform to this new definition. Adjusted EPS is also used as a financial measure of performance for our annual incentive compensation. Our measures of Adjusted Income, Adjusted EPS and Adjusted Effective Tax Rate may be different from measures used by other companies. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered a substitute for net income attributable to Rockwell Automation, diluted EPS and effective tax rate. 
 The following are reconciliations of net income attributable to Rockwell Automation, diluted EPS and effective tax rate to Adjusted Income, Adjusted EPS and Adjusted Effective Tax Rate, respectively (in millions, except per share amounts and percentages): 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Net income attributable to Rockwell Automation 1,358.1 1,023.4 695.8 Non-operating pension and postretirement benefit cost (credit) 63.8 37.4 (8.4) Tax effect of non-operating pension and postretirement benefit cost (credit) (16.0) (10.1) 1.0 Purchase accounting depreciation and amortization attributable to Rockwell Automation 43.2 29.4 16.6 Tax effect of purchase accounting depreciation and amortization attributable to Rockwell Automation (10.5) (7.0) (3.2) Change in fair value of investments 1 
 (397.4) (153.9) 368.5 Tax effect of change in fair value of investments 1 
 64.7 (21.7) Adjusted Income 1,105.9 919.2 1,048.6 Diluted EPS 11.58 8.77 5.83 Non-operating pension and postretirement benefit cost (credit) 0.55 0.32 (0.07) Tax effect of non-operating pension and postretirement benefit cost (credit) (0.14) (0.09) 0.01 Purchase accounting depreciation and amortization attributable to Rockwell Automation 0.37 0.25 0.14 Tax effect of purchase accounting depreciation and amortization attributable to Rockwell Automation (0.09) (0.06) (0.03) Change in fair value of investments 1 
 (3.39) (1.32) 3.08 Tax effect of change in fair value of investments 1 
 0.55 (0.18) Adjusted EPS 9.43 7.87 8.78 Effective tax rate 11.9 9.9 22.8 Tax effect of non-operating pension and postretirement benefit cost (credit) 0.5 0.6 0.1 Tax effect of purchase accounting depreciation and amortization attributable to Rockwell Automation 0.4 0.4 Tax effect of change in fair value of investments 1 
 (1.2) 1.5 (5.0) Adjusted Effective Tax Rate 11.6 12.4 17.9 
 1 Includes (gain) loss on investments and valuation adjustments related to the registration of PTC Shares. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Fiscal 2022 Guidance Diluted EPS 9.91 - 10.51 Purchase accounting depreciation and amortization attributable to Rockwell Automation 0.87 Tax effect of purchase accounting depreciation and amortization attributable to Rockwell Automation (0.21) Non-operating pension and postretirement benefit (credit) cost (0.08) Tax effect of non-operating pension and postretirement benefit (credit) cost 0.01 Change in fair value of investments 1 
 Tax effect of change in fair value of investments 1 
 Adjusted EPS 2 
 10.50 - 11.10 Effective tax rate ~ 16.5 Tax effect of purchase accounting depreciation and amortization attributable to Rockwell Automation ~ 0.5 Tax effect of non-operating pension and postretirement benefit (credit) cost ~ Tax effect of change in fair value of investments 1 
 ~ Adjusted Effective Tax Rate ~ 17.0 
 1 Fiscal 2022 guidance excludes estimates of changes in fair value of investments on a forward-looking basis due to variability, complexity, and limited visibility of these items. 
 2 Fiscal 2022 guidance based on Adjusted Income attributable to Rockwell, which includes an adjustment for Schlumberger's non-controlling interest in Sensia. 
 Organic Annual Recurring Revenue 
 ARR is a key metric that enables measurement of progress in growing our recurring revenue business. It represents the annual contract value of all active recurring revenue contracts at any point in time. Recurring revenue is defined as a revenue stream that is contractual, typically for a period of 12 months or more, and has a high probability of renewal. The probability of renewal is based on historical renewal experience of the individual revenue streams, or management's best estimates if historical renewal experience is not available. Organic ARR growth is calculated as the dollar change in ARR, adjusted to exclude the effects of currency translation and acquisitions, divided by ARR as of the prior period. The effects of currency translation are excluded by calculating Organic ARR on a constant currency basis. When we acquire businesses, we exclude the effect of ARR in the current period for which there was no comparable ARR in the prior period. Organic ARR growth is also used as a financial measure of performance for our annual incentive compensation. Because ARR is based on annual contract value, it does not represent revenue recognized during a particular reporting period or revenue to be recognized in future reporting periods and is not intended to be a substitute for revenue, contract liabilities, or backlog. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Financial Condition 
 The following is a summary of our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities, as reflected in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (in millions): 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Cash provided by (used for): Operating activities 1,261.0 1,120.5 1,182.0 Investing activities (2,626.6) (618.0) 225.0 Financing activities 1,297.8 (798.9) (985.9) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 16.8 8.4 (21.5) Cash (used for) provided by continuing operations (51.0) (288.0) 399.6 
 The following table summarizes free cash flow, which is a non-GAAP financial measure (in millions): 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Cash provided by continuing operating activities 1,261.0 1,120.5 1,182.0 Capital expenditures (120.3) (113.9) (132.8) Free cash flow 1,140.7 1,006.6 1,049.2 
 Our definition of free cash flow takes into consideration capital investments required to maintain our businesses operations and execute our strategy. Cash provided by continuing operating activities adds back non-cash depreciation expense to earnings but does not reflect a charge for necessary capital expenditures. Our definition of free cash flow excludes the operating cash flows and capital expenditures related to our discontinued operations, if any. Operating, investing and financing cash flows of our discontinued operations, if any, are presented separately in our Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. In our opinion, free cash flow provides useful information to investors regarding our ability to generate cash from business operations that is available for acquisitions and other investments, service of debt principal, dividends and share repurchases. We use free cash flow, as defined, as one measure to monitor and evaluate our performance, including as a financial measure for our annual incentive compensation. Our definition of free cash flow may differ from definitions used by other companies. 
 Cash provided by operating activities was 1,261.0 million for the year ended September 30, 2021, compared to 1,120.5 million for the year ended September 30, 2020. Free cash flow was 1,140.7 million for the year ended September 30, 2021, compared to 1,006.6 million for the year ended September 30, 2020. The year-over-year increase in cash provided by operating activities and free cash flow were primarily due to higher pre-tax income, including the 70 million favorable legal settlement in the first quarter of fiscal 2021, and a decrease in incentive compensation payments, partially offset by higher working capital and income tax payments in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020. 
 We repurchased approximately 1.1 million shares of our common stock under our share repurchase program in 2021 at a total cost of 301.4 million and an average cost of 263.43 per share. In 2020, we repurchased approximately 1.4 million shares of our common stock under our share repurchase program at a total cost of 254.7 million and an average cost of 182.18 per share. At September 30, 2021, there were 1.8 million of outstanding common stock share repurchases recorded in accounts payable that did not settle until 2022. At September 30, 2020, there were no outstanding common stock share repurchases recorded in accounts payable. Our decision to repurchase shares in 2022 will depend on business conditions, free cash flow generation, other cash requirements and stock price. On both September 6, 2018 and July 24, 2019, the Board of Directors authorized us to expend 1.0 billion to repurchase shares of our common stock. At September 30, 2021, we had approximately 552.3 million remaining for share repurchases under our existing board authorizations. See Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities , for additional information regarding share repurchases. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

We expect future uses of cash to include working capital requirements, capital expenditures, additional contributions to our retirement plans, acquisitions of businesses and other inorganic investments, dividends to shareowners, repurchases of common stock and repayments of debt. We expect capital expenditures in 2022 to be approximately 165 million. Significant long-term uses of cash include the following (in millions): 
 Payments by Period Total 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Long-term debt and interest (a) 6,051.1 113.0 713.0 110.9 405.9 102.3 4,606.0 Minimum lease payments (Note 18) 446.0 101.8 84.8 64.8 47.1 34.6 112.9 Postretirement benefits (b) 51.5 5.8 5.5 5.1 4.8 4.5 25.8 Pension funding contribution (c) 57.4 57.4 Transition tax (d) 296.0 31.2 31.1 58.4 77.9 97.4 Total 6,902.0 309.2 834.4 239.2 535.7 238.8 4,744.7 
 (a) The amounts for long-term debt assume that the respective debt instruments will be outstanding until their scheduled maturity dates and include interest but exclude unamortized discount. See Note 7 in the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information regarding our long-term debt. 
 (b) Our postretirement benefit plans are unfunded and are subject to change. Amounts reported are estimates of future benefit payments, to the extent estimable. 
 (c) Amounts reported for pension funding contributions reflect current estimates. Contributions to our pension plans beyond 2022 will depend on future investment performance of our pension plan assets, changes in discount rate assumptions and governmental regulations in effect at the time. Amounts subsequent to 2022 are excluded from the summary above, as we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of these amounts. The minimum contribution for our U.S. pension plan as required by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) is currently zero. We may make additional contributions to this plan at the discretion of management. 
 (d) Under the Tax Act, the Company may elect to pay the transition tax interest-free over eight years, with 8 due in each of the first five years, 15 in year six, 20 in year seven, and 25 in year eight. 
 We expect to fund future uses of cash with a combination of existing cash balances, cash generated by operating activities, commercial paper borrowings or a new issuance of debt or other securities. In addition, we have access to unsecured credit facilities with various banks. 
 At September 30, 2021, the majority of our cash and cash equivalents were held by non-U.S. subsidiaries. As a result of the broad changes to the U.S. international tax system under the Tax Act, in fiscal year 2018 we began to account for substantially all of our non-U.S. subsidiaries as being immediately subject to tax, while still concluding that earnings are indefinitely reinvested for a limited number of subsidiaries. 
 Our short-term debt as of September 30, 2021, includes 484.0 million of commercial paper borrowings with a weighted average interest rate of 0.18 percent and weighted average maturity period of 90 days. There were no commercial paper borrowings outstanding as of September 30, 2020. Also included in short-term debt as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 are 23.5 million of interest-bearing loans from Schlumberger to Sensia which were originally due September 30, 2020, and are now due December 31, 2021. The short-term loans from Schlumberger were entered into following formation of Sensia in fiscal 2020. 
 In August 2021, we issued 1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of long-term notes in a registered public offering. The offering consisted of 600.0 million of 0.35 notes due in August 2023, 450.0 million of 1.75 notes due in August 2031, and 450.0 million of 2.80 notes due in August 2061, all issued at a discount. Net proceeds to the Company from the debt offering were 1,485.6 million. We used these net proceeds primarily to fund the acquisition of Plex. Refer to Note 4 in the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on this acquisition. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

We entered into treasury locks to manage the potential change in interest rates in anticipation of the issuance of the 1.5 billion aggregate notes in August 2021. These treasury locks were designated as and accounted for as cash flow hedges. As a result of the changes in the interest rates on the treasury locks between the time we entered into the treasury locks and the time we priced and issued the notes, the Company made a net payment of 28.0 million to the counterparties. The 28.0 million net loss on the settlement of the treasury locks was recorded in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, net of tax effect and is being amortized over the term of the corresponding notes as an adjustment to interest expense in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 In April 2020, we entered into a 400.0 million senior unsecured 364-day term loan credit agreement and were advanced the full loan amount. Interest on these borrowings was based on short-term money market rates in effect during the period the borrowings were outstanding. We repaid the 400.0 million term loan in September 2020. 
 In March 2019, we issued 1 billion aggregate principal amount of long-term notes in a registered public offering. The offering consisted of 425.0 million of 3.50 notes due in March 2029 2029 Notes and 575.0 million of 4.20 notes due in March 2049 2049 Notes ), both issued at a discount. Net proceeds to the Company from the debt offering were 987.6 million. We used these net proceeds primarily to repay our outstanding commercial paper, with the remaining proceeds used for general corporate purposes. 
 We entered into treasury locks to manage the potential change in interest rates in anticipation of the issuance of 1.0 billion of fixed rate debt in March 2019. Treasury locks are accounted for as cash flow hedges. The effective differentials paid on these treasury locks was initially recorded in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, net of tax effect. 
 As a result of the changes in the interest rates on the treasury locks between the time we entered into the treasury locks and the time we priced and issued the 2029 Notes and 2049 Notes, the Company made a payment of 35.7 million to the counterparty on March 1, 2019. The 35.7 million loss on the settlement of the treasury locks was recorded in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss and is being amortized over the term of the 2029 Notes and 2049 Notes, and recognized as an adjustment to interest expense in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 On November 13, 2018, we replaced our former five-year 1.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility with a new five-year 1.25 billion unsecured revolving credit facility expiring in November 2023. We can increase the aggregate amount of this credit facility by up to 750.0 million, subject to the consent of the banks in the credit facility. We did not incur early termination penalties in connection with the termination of the former credit facility. We did not borrow against the facility during the periods ended September 30, 2021 or 2020. Borrowings under the new credit facility bear interest based on short-term money market rates in effect during the period the borrowings are outstanding. This credit facility contains covenants under which we agree to maintain an EBITDA-to-interest ratio of at least 3.0 to 1.0. The EBITDA-to-interest ratio is defined in the credit facility as the ratio of consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the facility) for the preceding four quarters to consolidated interest expense for the same period. 
 LIBOR is the primary basis for determining interest payments on borrowings under our 1.25 billion credit facility. Banks currently reporting information used to set U.S dollar LIBOR are currently expected to stop doing so during 2023. Various parties, including government agencies, are seeking to identify an alternative rate to replace LIBOR. We are monitoring their efforts, and we will likely seek to amend contracts to accommodate any replacement rate where one is not already provided. 
 Separate short-term unsecured credit facilities of approximately 230.8 million at September 30, 2021, were available to non-U.S. subsidiaries. Borrowings under our non-U.S. credit facilities at September 30, 2021 and 2020, were not significant. We were in compliance with all covenants under our credit facilities at September 30, 2021 and 2020. There are no significant commitment fees or compensating balance requirements under our credit facilities. 
 Among other uses, we can draw on our credit facility as a standby liquidity facility to repay our outstanding commercial paper as it matures. This access to funds to repay maturing commercial paper is an important factor in maintaining the short-term credit ratings set forth in the table below. Under our current policy with respect to these ratings, we expect to limit our other borrowings under our credit facility, if any, to amounts that would leave enough credit available under the facility so that we could borrow, if needed, to repay all of our then outstanding commercial paper as it matures. 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, as a result of the additional leverage added to fund the Plex acquisition, Standard Poor s elected to downgrade our Outlook from Stable to Negative . No changes were made to existing ratings by Moody s or Fitch. The following is a summary of our credit ratings as of September 30, 2021: 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Credit Rating Agency Short Term Rating Long Term Rating Outlook Standard Poor s A-1 A Negative Moody s P-2 A3 Stable Fitch Ratings F1 A Stable 
 Our ability to access the commercial paper market, and the related costs of these borrowings, is affected by the strength of our credit ratings and market conditions. Conditions in the commercial paper market have improved since the COVID-19 pandemic negatively affected this market in March and April 2020, and we have not experienced any difficulty in accessing the commercial paper market. If our access to the commercial paper market is adversely affected due to a change in market conditions or otherwise, we would expect to rely on a combination of available cash and our unsecured committed credit facility to provide short-term funding. In such event, the cost of borrowings under our unsecured committed credit facility could be higher than the cost of commercial paper borrowings. 
 We regularly monitor the third-party depository institutions that hold our cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments. We diversify our cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments among counterparties to minimize exposure to any one of these entities. 
 We use foreign currency forward exchange contracts to manage certain foreign currency risks. We enter into these contracts to hedge our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate variability in the expected future cash flows associated with certain third-party and intercompany transactions denominated in foreign currencies forecasted to occur within the next two years. We also use these contracts to hedge portions of our net investments in certain non-U.S. subsidiaries against the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on the translation of foreign currency balances to the U.S. dollar. In addition, we use foreign currency forward exchange contracts that are not designated as hedges to offset transaction gains or losses associated with some of our assets and liabilities resulting from intercompany loans or other transactions with third parties that are denominated in currencies other than our entities functional currencies. Our foreign currency forward exchange contracts are usually denominated in currencies of major industrial countries. We diversify our foreign currency forward exchange contracts among counterparties to minimize exposure to any one of these entities. 
 Cash dividends declared to shareowners were 497.5 million in 2021 4.28 per common share), 472.8 million in 2020 4.08 per common share) and 459.8 million in 2019 3.88 per common share). Our quarterly dividend rate as of September 30, 2021 is 1.07 per common share 4.28 per common share annually), which is determined at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors. 
 
 Supplemental Sales Information 
 We translate sales of subsidiaries operating outside of the United States using exchange rates effective during the respective period. Therefore, changes in currency exchange rates affect our reported sales. Sales by acquired businesses also affect our reported sales. We believe that organic sales, defined as sales excluding the effects of acquisitions and changes in currency exchange rates, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, provides useful information to investors because it reflects regional and operating segment performance from the activities of our businesses without the effect of acquisitions and changes in currency exchange rates. We use organic sales as one measure to monitor and evaluate our regional and operating segment performance. When we acquire businesses, we exclude sales in the current period for which there are no comparable sales in the prior period. We determine the effect of changes in currency exchange rates by translating the respective period s sales using the same currency exchange rates that were in effect during the prior year. When we divest a business, we exclude sales in the prior period for which there are no comparable sales in the current period. Organic sales growth is calculated by comparing organic sales to reported sales in the prior year, excluding divestitures. We attribute sales to the geographic regions based on the country of destination. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

The following is a reconciliation of our reported sales by geographic region to organic sales (in millions): 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 Year Ended September 30, 2020 Sales Effect of Acquisitions Effect of Changes in Currency Organic Sales Sales North America 4,132.8 (48.1) (24.6) 4,060.1 3,760.2 Europe, Middle East and Africa 1,405.7 (44.9) (76.9) 1,283.9 1,249.3 Asia Pacific 1,012.2 (0.6) (53.1) 958.5 868.7 Latin America 446.7 (0.3) 4.7 451.1 451.6 Total Company Sales 6,997.4 (93.9) (149.9) 6,753.6 6,329.8 
 Year Ended September 30, 2020 Year Ended September 30, 2019 Sales Effect of Acquisitions Effect of Changes in Currency Organic Sales Sales North America 3,760.2 (91.5) 4.0 3,672.7 4,014.3 Europe, Middle East and Africa 1,249.3 (97.0) 16.7 1,169.0 1,249.8 Asia Pacific 868.7 (22.3) 13.7 860.1 908.6 Latin America 451.6 (23.1) 43.8 472.3 522.1 Total Company Sales 6,329.8 (233.9) 78.2 6,174.1 6,694.8 
 The following is a reconciliation of our reported sales by operating segment to organic sales (in millions): 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 Year Ended September 30, 2020 Sales Effect of Acquisitions Effect of Changes in Currency Organic Sales Sales Intelligent Devices 3,311.9 (70.5) 3,241.4 2,956.0 Software Control 1,947.0 (54.8) (42.1) 1,850.1 1,681.3 Lifecycle Services 1,738.5 (39.1) (37.3) 1,662.1 1,692.5 Total Company Sales 6,997.4 (93.9) (149.9) 6,753.6 6,329.8 
 Year Ended September 30, 2020 Year Ended September 30, 2019 Sales Effect of Acquisitions Effect of Changes in Currency Organic Sales Sales Intelligent Devices 2,956.0 36.2 2,992.2 3,279.7 Software Control 1,681.3 (17.1) 19.4 1,683.6 1,790.0 Lifecycle Services 1,692.5 (216.8) 22.6 1,498.3 1,625.1 Total Company Sales 6,329.8 (233.9) 78.2 6,174.1 6,694.8 
 37 

Table of Contents 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 We believe the following accounting estimates are the most critical to the understanding of our financial statements as they could have the most significant effect on our reported results and require subjective or complex judgments by management. Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and revenues and expenses during the periods reported. These estimates are based on our best judgment about current and future conditions, but actual results could differ from those estimates. Refer to Note 1 in the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding our significant accounting policies. 
 Goodwill - Sensia Reporting Unit 
 The quantitative test of goodwill for impairment requires us to estimate the fair value of our reporting units. During the second quarter of 2021, we performed a quantitative impairment test for our Sensia reporting unit. We determined the fair value of the reporting unit under a combination of an income approach derived from discounted cash flows and a market multiples approach using selected comparable public companies. 
 Critical assumptions used in this approach included management s estimated future revenue growth rates, estimated future margins, and discount rate. Estimated future revenue growth and margins are based on management s best estimate about current and future conditions. Although we believe the assumptions and estimates made were reasonable and appropriate, these estimates are based on a number of factors, including historical experience and information obtained from reporting unit management. Actual results and forecasts of revenue growth and margins for our Sensia reporting unit may be impacted by its concentration within the Oil Gas industry and with its customer base. Demand for Sensia hardware and software products, solutions and services is sensitive to industry volatility and risks, including those related to commodity prices, supply and demand dynamics, production costs, geological activity, and political activities. We determined the discount rate using our weighted average cost of capital adjusted for risk factors specific to the reporting unit, with comparison to market and industry data. A hypothetical 10 percent decrease in the fair value of this reporting unit would not impact our conclusion that goodwill was not impaired. 
 More information regarding goodwill impairment testing is contained in Note 1 and Note 3 in the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Acquisitions - Plex Intangible Assets Valuation 
 The accounting for a business combination requires the excess of the purchase price for the acquisition over the net book value of assets acquired to be allocated to the identifiable assets of the acquired entity. Any unallocated portion is recognized as goodwill. We engaged an independent third-party valuation specialist to assist with the fair value allocation of the purchase price paid for the acquisition of Plex to intangible assets. This required the use of several assumptions and estimates including the customer attrition rate, forecasted cash flows attributable to existing customers, and the discount rate for the customer relationship intangible asset and the royalty rate, forecasted revenue growth rates, and the discount rate for the technology intangible asset. Although we believe the assumptions and estimates made were reasonable and appropriate, these estimates require judgment and are based in part on historical experience and information obtained from Plex management. 
 The key assumption requiring the use of judgement in the valuation of the customer relationship intangible asset was the customer attrition rate of 5 percent. This rate was selected based on historical experience and information obtained from Plex management. A change in the customer attrition rate of 250 basis points would result in a change of 63 million in intangible assets. The key assumptions requiring the use of judgement in the valuation of the technology intangible asset were the royalty rate of 25 percent and the obsolescence factor. The royalty rate was based on a detailed analysis considering the importance of the technology to the overall enterprise and market royalty data. A change in the royalty rate of 500 basis points would result in a change of 47 million in intangible assets. The obsolescence factor was calculated assuming phase out over ten years based on discussions with Plex management, the nature of the technology, its integration into customers manufacturing systems, and other third-party information for similar transactions. A two-year change in this assumption would result in a change of 52 million in intangible assets. 
 More information regarding this business combination is contained in Note 4 in the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

Retirement Benefits Pension 
 Pension costs and obligations are actuarially determined and are influenced by assumptions used to estimate these amounts, including the discount rate. Changes in any of the assumptions and the amortization of differences between the assumptions and actual experience will affect the amount of pension expense in future periods. 
 Our global pension expense in 2021 was 157.0 million compared to 130.9 million in 2020. Approximately 88 percent of our 2021 global pension expense and 75 percent of our global projected benefit obligation relate to our U.S. pension plan. The discount rate used to determine our 2021 U.S. pension expense was 2.90 percent, compared to 3.30 percent for 2020. 
 For 2022, our U.S. discount rate will increase to 3.10 percent from 2.90 percent in 2021. The discount rate was set as of our September 30 measurement date and was determined by modeling a portfolio of bonds that match the expected cash flow of our benefit plans. 
 The changes in our discount rate has an inverse relationship with our net periodic benefit cost and projected benefit obligation. The following chart illustrates the estimated change in projected benefit obligation and annual net periodic benefit cost assuming a change of 25 basis points in the discount rate for our U.S. pension plans (in millions): 
 Pension Benefits Change in Projected Benefit Obligation Change in Net Periodic Benefit Cost (1) 
 Discount rate 129.7 13.3 
 (1) Change includes both operating and non-operating pension costs. 
 More information regarding pension benefits is contained in Note 14 in the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Revenue Recognition Customer Incentives 
 We offer various incentive programs that provide distributors and direct sale customers with cash rebates, account credits or additional hardware and software products, solutions and services based on meeting specified program criteria. Customer incentives are recognized as a reduction of sales if distributed in cash or customer account credits. We record accruals at the time of revenue recognition as a current liability within Customer returns, rebates and incentives in our Consolidated Balance Sheet or, where a right of setoff exists, as a reduction of Receivables. Customer incentives for additional hardware and software products, solutions and services to be provided are considered distinct performance obligations. As such, we allocate revenue to them based on relative standalone selling price. Until the incentive is redeemed, the revenue is recorded as a contract liability. 
 Our primary incentive program provides distributors with cash rebates or account credits based on agreed amounts that vary depending on the customer to whom our distributor ultimately sells the product. A critical assumption used in estimating the accrual for this program is the time period from when revenue is recognized to when the rebate is processed. Our estimate is based primarily on historical experience. If the time period were to change by 10 percent, the effect would be an adjustment to the accrual of approximately 14.2 million. 
 More information regarding our revenue recognition and returns, rebates and incentives policies are contained in Note 1 and Note 2 in the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Acquisitions - Sensia Joint Venture Intangible Assets Valuation 
 We recorded assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with the formation of Sensia based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date of October 1, 2019. The accounting for a business combination requires the excess of the purchase price for the acquisition over the net book value of assets acquired to be allocated to the identifiable assets of the acquired entity. Any unallocated portion is recognized as goodwill. We engaged an independent third-party valuation specialist to assist with the fair value allocation of the purchase price paid in connection with formation of the Sensia joint venture to intangible assets, which required the use of several assumptions and estimates. Although we believe the assumptions and estimates made were reasonable and appropriate, these estimates are based on historical experience and information obtained from Sensia management. The key assumption requiring the use of judgment was the customer attrition rates ranging from 7.5 percent to 25 percent. A change in the customer attrition rate of 250 basis points would result in a change of 40.4 million in intangible assets. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Acquisitions - Consolidation of Sensia Joint Venture 
 On October 1, 2019, we completed the formation of a joint venture, Sensia, a fully integrated digital oilfield automation solutions provider. Rockwell Automation owns 53 percent of Sensia and Schlumberger owns 47 percent of Sensia. We control Sensia and, as of October 1, 2019, have consolidated Sensia in our financial results. In determining whether to consolidate Sensia, U.S. GAAP requires that we evaluate our ability to control the significant financial and operating decisions of the joint venture. Determining the nature and extent of the noncontrolling interest holder's rights involves management judgment. We have evaluated the noncontrolling interest holder's rights and determined that we control and should consolidate Sensia in our financial results. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1 in the Consolidated Financial Statements regarding recent accounting pronouncements. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are exposed to market risk during the normal course of business from changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. We manage exposure to these risks through a combination of normal operating and financing activities as well as derivative financial instruments in the form of foreign currency forward exchange contracts. We sometimes use interest rate swap contracts to manage the balance of fixed and floating rate debt. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 We are exposed to foreign currency risks that arise from normal business operations. These risks include the translation of local currency balances of foreign subsidiaries, transaction gains and losses associated with intercompany loans with foreign subsidiaries and transactions denominated in currencies other than a location s functional currency. Our objective is to minimize our exposure to these risks through a combination of normal operating activities and the use of foreign currency forward exchange contracts. Contracts are usually denominated in currencies of major industrial countries. The fair value of our foreign currency forward exchange contracts is an asset of 14.1 million and a liability of 17.1 million at September 30, 2021. We enter into these contracts with major financial institutions that we believe to be creditworthy. 
 We do not enter into derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies has an unfavorable impact on our sales and results of operations. While future changes in foreign currency exchange rates are difficult to predict, our sales and profitability may be adversely affected if the U.S. dollar strengthens relative to current levels. 
 Certain of our locations have assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than their functional currencies. We enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to offset the transaction gains or losses associated with some of these assets and liabilities. For such assets and liabilities without offsetting foreign currency forward exchange contracts, a 10 percent adverse change in the underlying foreign currency exchange rates would reduce our pre-tax income by approximately 2.2 million. 
 We record all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value regardless of the purpose for holding them. The use of foreign currency forward exchange contracts allows us to manage transactional exposure to exchange rate fluctuations as the gains or losses incurred on these contracts will offset, in whole or in part, losses or gains on the underlying foreign currency exposure. Derivatives that are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes are adjusted to fair value through earnings. For derivatives that are hedges, depending on the nature of the hedge, changes in fair value are either offset by changes in the fair value of the hedged assets, liabilities or firm commitments through earnings or recognized in other comprehensive loss until the hedged item is recognized in earnings. We recognize the ineffective portion of a derivative s change in fair value in earnings immediately. There was no impact on earnings due to ineffective hedges in 2021, 2020 or 2019. A hypothetical 10 percent adverse change in underlying foreign currency exchange rates associated with the hedged exposures and related contracts would not be significant to our financial condition or results of operations. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 In addition to existing cash balances and cash provided by normal operating activities, we use a combination of short-term and long-term debt to finance operations. We are exposed to interest rate risk on certain of these debt obligations. 
 Our short-term debt as of September 30, 2021, includes 484.0 million of commercial paper borrowings with a weighted average interest rate of 0.18 percent and weighted average maturity period of 90 days. There were no commercial paper borrowings outstanding as of September 30, 2020. Also included in short-term debt as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 are 23.5 million of interest-bearing loans from Schlumberger to Sensia which were originally due September 30, 2020, and are now due December 31, 2021. We have issued, and anticipate continuing to issue, short-term commercial paper obligations as needed. Changes in market interest rates on commercial paper borrowings affect our results of operations. A hypothetical 50 basis point increase in average market interest rates related to our short-term debt would not be significant to our results of operations or financial condition. 
 We had outstanding fixed rate long-term debt obligations with a carrying value of 3,464.6 million at September 30, 2021 and 1,974.7 million at September 30, 2020. The fair value of this debt was approximately 3,874.8 million at September 30, 2021 and 2,497.7 million at September 30, 2020. The potential increase in fair value on such fixed-rate debt obligations from a hypothetical 50 basis point decrease in market interest rates would not be significant to our results of operations or financial condition. We currently have no plans to repurchase our outstanding fixed-rate instruments before their maturity and, therefore, fluctuations in market interest rates would not have an effect on our results of operations or shareowners equity. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 
 (in millions, except per share amounts) 
 September 30, 2021 2020 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Receivables Inventories Other current assets Total current assets Property, net of accumulated depreciation Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Deferred income taxes Long-term investments Other assets Total LIABILITIES AND SHAREOWNERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Short-term debt Accounts payable Compensation and benefits Contract liabilities Customer returns, rebates and incentives Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Retirement benefits Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Commitments and contingent liabilities (Note 17) Shareowners equity: Common stock par value, shares issued: 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Common stock in treasury, at cost (shares held: 2021, ; 2020, 
 ) ) Shareowners equity attributable to Rockwell Automation, Inc. Noncontrolling interests Total shareowners equity Total 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 
 (in millions, except per share amounts) 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Sales Products and solutions Services Cost of sales Products and solutions ) ) ) Services ) ) ) ) ) ) Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) ) Change in fair value of investments ) Other income (expense) (Note 15) ) Interest expense ) ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax provision (Note 16) ) ) ) Net income Net (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Net income attributable to Rockwell Automation, Inc. Earnings per share: Basic Diluted Weighted average outstanding shares: Basic Diluted 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in millions) 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Pension and other postretirement benefit plan adjustments (net of tax (expense) benefit of ), ), and 
 ) Currency translation adjustments ) Net change in cash flow hedges (net of tax benefit of , , and 
 ) ) ) Net change in available-for-sale investments Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to Rockwell Automation, Inc. 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in millions) Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Continuing operations: Operating activities: Net income Adjustments to arrive at cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation Amortization of intangible assets Change in fair value of investments ) ) Share-based compensation expense Retirement benefit expense Pension contributions ) ) ) Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Net loss (gain) on disposition of property ) Settlement of interest rate derivatives ) ) Changes in assets and liabilities, excluding effects of acquisitions and foreign currency adjustments: Receivables ) ) ) Inventories ) ) Accounts payable ) Contract liabilities Compensation and benefits ) ) Income taxes ) ) Other assets and liabilities ) ) Cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Purchases of investments ) ) ) Proceeds from maturities of investments Proceeds from sale of investments Proceeds from sale of property Other investing activities ) ) Cash (used for) provided by investing activities ) ) Financing activities: Net issuance (repayment) of short-term debt ) Issuance of short-term debt, net of issuance costs Issuance of long-term debt, net of discount and issuance costs Repayment of short-term debt ) ) Repayment of long-term debt ) Cash dividends ) ) ) Purchases of treasury stock ) ) ) Proceeds from the exercise of stock options Other financing activities ) ) Cash provided by (used for) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) (Decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of year Components of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash, noncurrent (Other assets) Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF SHAREOWNERS EQUITY 
 (in millions, except per share amounts) 
 Common stock Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss Common stock in treasury, at cost Total attributable to Rockwell Automation, Inc. Noncontrolling interests Total shareowners equity Balance at September 30, 2018 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Common stock issued (including share-based compensation impact) Share Repurchases ) ) ) Cash dividends declared (1) 
 ) ) ) Adoption of accounting standard Balance at September 30, 2019 ) ) Net income ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Common stock issued (including share based compensation impact) Share Repurchases ) ) ) Cash dividends declared (1) 
 ) ) ) Adoption of accounting standard ) Change in noncontrolling interest Balance at September 30, 2020 ) ) Net income ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Common stock issued (including share based compensation impact) Share Repurchases ) ) ) Cash dividends declared (1) 
 ) ) ) Change in noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2021 ) ) 
 (1) per share in 2021; per share in 2020; and per share in 2019. 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 
 million as of October 1, 2018, which reflects the cumulative impact of adopting the new standard. The primary drivers of the impact to retained earnings were changes to the capitalization and deferral of certain contract costs and the timing of revenue, net of costs, for software licenses bundled with services and projects previously accounted for on a completed contract basis. This impact was partially offset by a deferral of revenue, net of costs, related to the allocation of revenue to hardware and software products and services provided to our customers free of charge as incentives. 
 Returns, Rebates and Incentives 
 Our primary incentive program provides distributors with cash rebates or account credits based on agreed amounts that vary depending on the customer to whom our distributor ultimately sells the product. We also offer various other incentive programs that provide distributors and direct sale customers with cash rebates, account credits or additional hardware and software products, solutions and services based on meeting specified program criteria. Certain distributors are offered a right to return product, subject to contractual limitations. 
 We record accruals for customer returns, rebates and incentives at the time of revenue recognition based primarily on historical experience. Returns are presented on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as a right of return asset and refund liability. Incentives in the form of rebates are estimated at the individual customer level and are recorded as a reduction of sales. Customer incentives for additional hardware and software products, solutions and services to be provided are considered distinct performance obligations. As such, we allocate revenue to them based on relative standalone selling price. Until the incentive is redeemed, the revenue is recorded as a contract liability. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million at September 30, 2021 and million at September 30, 2020. In addition, receivables are recorded net of an allowance for certain customer returns, rebates and incentives of million at September 30, 2021 and million at September 30, 2020. The changes to our allowance for doubtful accounts during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, were not material and primarily consisted of current-period provisions, write-offs charged against the allowance, recoveries collected, and foreign currency translation. 
 
 to years for buildings and improvements, to years for machinery and equipment and to years for computer hardware and internal-use software. We capitalize significant renewals and enhancements and write off replaced units. Implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract are recorded in Other current assets and Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and are amortized over the expected service period. We expense maintenance and repairs, as well as renewals of minor amounts. Property acquired during the year that is accrued within accounts payable or other current liabilities at year end is considered to be a non-cash investing activity and is excluded from cash used for capital expenditures in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. Capital expenditures of million, million and million were accrued within accounts payable and other current liabilities at September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 to years for trademarks, to years for customer relationships, to years for technology and to years for other intangible assets. 
 Intangible assets also include costs of software developed or purchased by our software business to be sold, leased or otherwise marketed. Amortization of these computer software products is calculated on a product-by-product basis as the greater of (a) the unamortized cost at the beginning of the year times the ratio of the current year gross revenue for a product to the total of the current and anticipated future gross revenue for that product or (b) the straight-line amortization over the remaining estimated economic life of the product. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million in 2021, million in 2020, and million in 2019. We include R D expenses in cost of sales in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million shares), 2020 million shares), and 2019 million shares), were excluded from the diluted EPS calculation. U.S. GAAP requires unvested share-based payment awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents, whether paid or unpaid, to be treated as participating securities and included in the computation of earnings per share pursuant to the two-class method. Our participating securities are composed of restricted stock and non-employee director restricted stock units. 
 Less: Allocation to participating securities ) ) ) Net income available to common shareowners Basic weighted average outstanding shares Effect of dilutive securities Stock options Performance shares Diluted weighted average outstanding shares Earnings per share: Basic Diluted 

51 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 52 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million and million, respectively. We have implemented necessary changes to accounting policies, processes, controls and systems to enable compliance with this standard. 
 In February 2018, the FASB issued a new standard regarding the reporting of comprehensive loss, which gives entities the option to reclassify tax effects of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the Tax Act stranded in accumulated other comprehensive loss into retained earnings. We adopted this standard as of October 1, 2019, and elected to reclassify tax effects of approximately million from accumulated other comprehensive loss into retained earnings. 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued a new standard that requires companies to utilize a current expected credit losses impairment (CECL) model for certain financial assets, including trade and other receivables. The CECL model requires that estimated expected credit losses, including allowance for doubtful accounts, consider a broader range of information such as economic conditions and expected changes in market conditions. We adopted the new standard as of October 1, 2020. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 We do not expect any recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
 
 2. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million of revenue in future periods from unfulfilled performance obligations from existing contracts with customers. We expect to recognize revenue of approximately million of our remaining performance obligations over the next months with the remaining balance recognized thereafter. 
 We have applied the practical expedient to exclude the value of remaining performance obligations for (i) contracts with an original term of one year or less and (ii) contracts for which we recognize revenue in proportion to the amount we have the right to invoice for services performed. The amounts above also do not include the impact of contract renewal options that are unexercised as of September 30, 2021. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

operating segments (in millions). We attribute sales to the geographic regions based on the country of destination. Information for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, has been recast to reflect our new operating segments. See Note 19 for further information on our change in operating segments. 
 Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) Asia Pacific Latin America Total Company Sales 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Balance as of end of period 
 
 The most significant changes in our contract liabilities balance during the twelve months ended September 30, 2021 were due to amounts billed, partially offset by revenue recognized that was included in the contract liabilities balance at the beginning of the period. 
 
 In the twelve months ended September 30, 2021, we recognized revenue of approximately million that was included in the opening contract liabilities balance. We did t have a material amount of revenue recognized in the twelve months ended September 30, 2021, from performance obligations satisfied or partially satisfied in previous periods. 
 Costs to Obtain and Fulfill a Contract 
 We capitalize and amortize certain incremental costs to obtain and fulfill contracts. These costs primarily consist of incentives paid to sales personnel, which are considered incremental costs to obtain customer contracts. We elected the practical expedient to expense incremental costs to obtain a contract when the contract has a duration of one year or less for most classes of contracts. Our capitalized contract costs, which are included in other assets in our Consolidated Balance Sheet, are not significant. There was no impairment loss in relation to capitalized costs in the period. 
 
 3. 
 Acquisition of businesses Translation Balance as of September 30, 2020 Reallocation due to change in segments ) ) Acquisition of businesses Translation Balance as of September 30, 2021 
 During the first quarter of fiscal 2021, we changed our organizational structure resulting in operating segments: Intelligent Devices, Software Control, and Lifecycle Services. This change also resulted in the identification of new reporting units. We reassigned our goodwill balances to reflect this new structure using the relative fair value allocation approach required under U.S. GAAP. Under this approach, the fair values of each of our new reporting units were compared to the total fair value of their prior respective reporting units immediately prior to the reorganization to arrive at the reassigned goodwill balances. We determined the reporting unit fair values using the same approach for quantitative goodwill impairment tests described in Note 1, and these values are considered level 3 measurements under the U.S. GAAP fair value hierarchy. We also tested goodwill at the affected reporting units for impairment prior to and subsequent to the reassignment of goodwill and concluded that goodwill was not impaired. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

t impaired. We also assessed the changes in events and circumstances subsequent to our annual test and concluded that a triggering event which would require interim quantitative testing has not occurred. Refer to Note 1 for additional information on our annual impairment evaluation. 
 Customer relationships Technology Trademarks Other Total amortized intangible assets Allen-Bradley trademark not subject to amortization 
 Total 
 September 30, 2020 Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Amortized intangible assets: Software products Customer relationships Technology Trademarks Other Total amortized intangible assets Allen-Bradley trademark not subject to amortization 
 Total 
 Software products represent costs of computer software to be sold, leased or otherwise marketed. Software products amortization expense was million in 2021, million in 2020 and million in 2019. Estimated total amortization expense for all amortized intangible assets is million in 2022, million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025 and million in 2026. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

4. 
 
 All other assets Goodwill Intangible assets Total assets acquired Less: Contract liabilities ) Less: Other liabilities assumed ) Less: Deferred income taxes ) Net assets acquired Purchase Consideration Total purchase consideration, net of cash acquired 
 Intangible assets identified include million of customer relationships, million of technology, and million of trade names (approximately weighted average useful life). We assigned the full amount of goodwill and all other assets acquired to our Software Control segment. The goodwill recorded represents intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition. This goodwill arises because the purchase price for Plex reflects a number of factors including the future earnings and cash flow potential of the business, the strategic fit and resulting synergies from the complementary portfolio of leading software-as-a-service applications, industry expertise, and market access. We do not expect the goodwill to be deductible for tax purposes. The intangible assets were valued using an income approach, specifically the relief from royalty method and multi-period excess earnings method. The relief from royalty method calculates value based on hypothetical payments that would be saved by owning an asset rather than licensing it. The multi-period excess earnings method is the isolation of cash flows from a single intangible asset and measures fair value by discounting them to present value. These values are considered level 3 measurements under the U.S. GAAP fair value hierarchy. The key assumption requiring the use of judgement in the valuation of the customer relationship intangible asset was the customer attrition rate of percent; other assumptions included forecasted cash flows attributable to the existing customers and the discount rate. The key assumptions requiring the use of judgement in the valuation of the technology intangible asset were the royalty rate of percent and the obsolescence factor estimating a phase out over years; other assumptions included forecasted revenue growth rates and the discount rate. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

All other assets Goodwill Intangible assets Total assets acquired Less: Liabilities assumed ) Less: Deferred income taxes ) Net assets acquired Purchase Consideration Total purchase consideration, net of cash acquired 
 Intangible assets identified include million of customer relationships, technology, and trade names (approximately -year weighted average useful life). We assigned million of goodwill to our Lifecycle Services segment and million of goodwill to our Software Control segment, which represents intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition. We do not expect the goodwill to be deductible for tax purposes. 
 The allocation of the purchase price to identifiable assets for all of the preceding acquisitions are based on the preliminary valuations performed to determine the fair value of the net assets as of their respective acquisition dates. The measurement period for the valuation of net assets acquired ends as soon as information on the facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition dates becomes available, but not to exceed 12 months following the acquisition date. Adjustments in purchase price allocations may require a change in the amounts allocated to net assets acquired during the periods in which the adjustments are determined. 
 The total sales included in our consolidated results for all of the preceding acquisitions for the year ended September 30, 2021, were approximately million. 
 Pro forma consolidated sales for the year ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, were approximately billion and billion, respectively, and the impact on earnings is not material. The preceding pro forma consolidated financial results of operations are as if all of preceding fiscal 2021 acquisitions occurred on October 1, 2019. The pro forma information is presented for informational purposes only and is not indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved had the transaction occurred as of that time. 
 Acquisition-related costs recorded as expenses for all of the preceding acquisitions in the year ended September 30, 2021, were not material. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

of Sensia and Schlumberger owns of Sensia. As part of the transaction, we made million of net cash payments to Schlumberger, which were funded by cash on hand. We control Sensia and, as of October 1, 2019, have consolidated Sensia in our financial results. As part of the joint venture operations, Sensia regularly transacts with Schlumberger, primarily relating to purchases and sales of goods and services. These transactions are not material to Rockwell Automation for the year ended September 30, 2021 and 2020. 
 We recorded assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with the formation of Sensia based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date of October 1, 2019. 
 Inventory Other current assets Property, plant and equipment Other assets Goodwill Intangible assets Total assets acquired Less: Liabilities assumed ) Less: Deferred income taxes ) Less: Noncontrolling interest portion ) Net assets acquired Purchase Consideration Cash, net of cash acquired Noncontrolling interest portion of Rockwell Automation's contributed business Additional paid in capital adjustment Other Total purchase consideration, net of cash acquired 
 Intangible assets assigned include million of customer relationships, technology, and trade names (approximately weighted average useful life). We assigned the full amount of goodwill and all other assets acquired to our Lifecycle Services segment. The majority of the goodwill recorded is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The assets were valued using an income approach, specifically the relief from royalty method and multi-period excess earnings method. The relief from royalty method calculates value based on hypothetical payments that would be saved by owning an asset rather than licensing it. The multi-period excess earnings method is the isolation of cash flows from a single intangible asset and measures fair value by discounting them to present value. These values are considered level 3 measurements under the U.S. GAAP fair value hierarchy. Key assumptions used in the valuation of these intangible assets included: (1) a discount rate of , (2) the estimated remaining life of technology and trademarks of from to years, and (3) the customer attrition rate ranging from to . 
 The fair value of the noncontrolling interest of the contributed business upon acquisition was million. The consolidated value of Sensia at October 1, 2019, was recorded at fair value for Schlumberger's contribution and at carrying value for Rockwell Automation's contribution. 
 The total incremental sales resulting from the Sensia joint venture included in our consolidated results for the twelve months ended September 30, 2020, were approximately million. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

years of experience providing cybersecurity services. We assigned the full amount of goodwill related to this acquisition to our Lifecycle Services segment. 
 In April 2020, we acquired ASEM, S.p.A. (ASEM), a leading provider of digital automation technologies. We assigned the full amount of goodwill related to this acquisition to our Software Control segment. 
 In April 2020, we also acquired Kalypso, LP (Kalypso), a privately-held U.S.-based software delivery and consulting firm specializing in the digital transformation of industrial companies with a strong client base in life sciences, consumer products and industrial high-tech. We assigned the full amount of goodwill related to this acquisition to our Lifecycle Services segment. 
 We recorded assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with these acquisitions based on their estimated fair values as of the respective acquisition dates. 
 Inventory Other current assets Property, plant and equipment Other assets Goodwill Intangible assets Total assets acquired Less: Liabilities assumed ) Less: Deferred income taxes ) Net assets acquired Purchase Consideration Total purchase consideration, net of cash acquired 
 Intangible assets assigned include million of customer relationships, technology, and trade names (approximately -year weighted average useful life). We assigned million of goodwill to our Software Control segment and million of goodwill to our Lifecycle Services segment. Approximately million of the goodwill recorded is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The purchase consideration includes million of contingent consideration held in an escrow account and recorded in other assets as restricted cash in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 The total sales included in our consolidated results from these four acquisitions for the twelve months ended September 30, 2020, were approximately million. 
 The allocation of the purchase price to identifiable assets for all of the preceding acquisitions are based on the preliminary valuations performed to determine the fair value of the net assets as of the acquisition date. The measurement period for the valuation of net assets acquired ends as soon as information on the facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition dates becomes available, but not to exceed 12 months following the acquisition date. Adjustments in purchase price allocations may require a change in the amounts allocated to net assets acquired during the periods in which the adjustments are determined. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

billion, and the impact on earnings is not material. The preceding pro forma consolidated financial results of operations are as if all of the preceding fiscal 2020 acquisitions occurred on October 1, 2018. The pro forma information is presented for informational purposes only and is not indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved had the transaction occurred as of that time. 
 Acquisition-related costs recorded as expenses for all of the preceding acquisitions in the year ended September 30, 2020, were not material. 
 
 5. 
 Work in process Raw materials Inventories 

6. 
 Buildings and improvements Machinery and equipment Internal-use software Construction in progress Total Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, net 

7. 
 notes, payable in August 2023 
 notes, payable in March 2025 
 debentures, payable in January 2028 
 notes, payable in March 2029 
 notes, payable in August 2031 
 debentures, payable in December 2037 
 notes, payable in March 2049 
 notes, payable in August 2061 
 debentures, payable in January 2098 
 Unamortized discount, capitalized lease obligations and other ) ) Long-term debt 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million of commercial paper borrowings with a weighted average interest rate of percent. There were commercial paper borrowings outstanding as of September 30, 2020. Also included in short-term debt as of September 30, 2021, and 2020, are million of interest-bearing loans from Schlumberger to Sensia, which were originally due September 30, 2020, and are now due December 31, 2021. The short-term loans from Schlumberger were entered into following formation of Sensia in fiscal 2020. 
 In August 2021, we issued billion aggregate principal amount of long-term notes in a registered public offering. The offering consisted of million of notes due in August 2023, million of notes due in August 2031, and million of notes due in August 2061, all issued at a discount. Net proceeds to the Company from the debt offering were million. We used these net proceeds primarily to fund the acquisition of Plex. Refer to Note 4 for additional information on this acquisition. 
 We entered into treasury locks to manage the potential change in interest rates in anticipation of the issuance of the billion aggregate notes in August 2021. These treasury locks were designated as and accounted for as cash flow hedges. As a result of the changes in the interest rates on the treasury locks between the time we entered into the treasury locks and the time we priced and issued the notes, the Company made a net payment of million to the counterparties. The million net loss on the settlement of the treasury locks was recorded in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, net of tax effect, and is being amortized over the term of the corresponding notes, and recognized as an adjustment to interest expense in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 In April 2020, we entered into a million senior unsecured term loan credit agreement and were advanced the full loan amount. Interest on these borrowings was based on short-term money market rates in effect during the period the borrowings were outstanding. We repaid the million term loan in September 2020. 
 In March 2019, we issued billion aggregate principal amount of long-term notes in a registered public offering. The offering consisted of million of notes due in March 2029 2029 Notes and million of notes due in March 2049 2049 Notes ), both issued at a discount. Net proceeds to the Company from the debt offering were million. We used these net proceeds primarily to repay our outstanding commercial paper, with the remaining proceeds used for general corporate purposes. 
 We entered into treasury locks to manage the potential change in interest rates in anticipation of the issuance of billion of fixed rate debt in March 2019. Treasury locks are accounted for as cash flow hedges. The effective differentials paid on these treasury locks was initially recorded in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, net of tax effect. 
 As a result of the changes in the interest rates on the treasury locks between the time we entered into the treasury locks and the time we priced and issued the 2029 Notes and 2049 Notes, the Company made a payment of million to the counterparty on March 1, 2019. The million loss on the settlement of the treasury locks was recorded in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss and is being amortized over the term of the 2029 Notes and 2049 Notes, and recognized as an adjustment to interest expense in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 On November 13, 2018, we replaced our former billion unsecured revolving credit facility with a new billion unsecured revolving credit facility expiring in November 2023. We can increase the aggregate amount of this credit facility by up to million, subject to the consent of the banks in the credit facility. We did not incur early termination penalties in connection with the termination of the former credit facility. We did t borrow against the facility during the periods ended September 30, 2021 or 2020. Borrowings under the new credit facility bear interest based on short-term money market rates in effect during the period the borrowings are outstanding. This credit facility contains covenants under which we agree to maintain an EBITDA-to-interest ratio of at least to 1.0. The EBITDA-to-interest ratio is defined in the credit facility as the ratio of consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the facility) for the preceding four quarters to consolidated interest expense for the same period. 
 Interest payments were million during 2021, million during 2020 and million during 2019. 
 
 We base the fair value of long-term debt upon quoted market prices for the same or similar issues and therefore consider this a Level 2 fair value measurement. The fair value of long-term debt considers the terms of the debt excluding the impact of derivative and hedging activity. Refer to Note 1 for further information regarding levels in the fair value hierarchy. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 8. 
 Product warranty obligations (Note 9) Taxes other than income taxes Accrued interest Income taxes payable Operating lease liabilities Other Other current liabilities 
 
 9. 
 from either the date of sale or installation. We also record a liability for specific warranty matters when they become known and reasonably estimable. 
 Warranties recorded at time of sale Adjustments to pre-existing warranties ) ) Settlements of warranty claims ) ) Ending balance 
 
 10. 
 Equity securities Other Total investments Less: short-term investments (1) 
 ) ) Long-term investments 
 (1) Short-term investments are included in other current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

shares of PTC Inc. PTC common stock (the PTC Shares in a private placement at a purchase price of per share for an aggregate purchase price of approximately billion. The PTC Shares are considered equity securities. On May 11, 2021, we entered into an amendment to the securities purchase agreement with PTC, which amended, among other things, our entity-specific transfer restrictions through September 2023, subject to certain exceptions. We have the ability to transfer in open market transactions, in the aggregate in any -day period, a number of PTC Shares equal to up to percent of PTC's total outstanding shares of common stock as of the first day in such -day period. We also have the ability to transfer in marketed underwritten public offerings, in the aggregate in any period, a number of PTC Shares equal to up to percent of PTC's total outstanding shares of common stock as of the closing date of the first such offering. 
 The PTC Shares are classified as level 1 in the fair value hierarchy and recognized at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheet using the most recent closing price of PTC common stock quoted on Nasdaq. At September 30, 2021, the fair value of the PTC Shares was million, which was recorded in long-term investments in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. We recorded a gain of million and million related to the PTC Shares in the Consolidated Statement of Operations in the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Refer to Note 1 for further information regarding levels in the fair value hierarchy. We did not have any transfers between levels of fair value measurements during the periods presented. 
 
 11. 
 (cash flow hedges). We report in other comprehensive income (loss) the effective portion of the gain or loss on derivative financial instruments that we designate and that qualify as cash flow hedges. We reclassify these gains or losses into earnings in the same periods when the hedged transactions affect earnings. To the extent forward exchange contracts designated as cash flow hedges are ineffective, changes in value are recorded in earnings through the maturity date. There was no impact on earnings due to ineffective cash flow hedges. At September 30, 2021, we had a U.S. dollar-equivalent gross notional amount of million of foreign currency forward exchange contracts designated as cash flow hedges. We entered into treasury locks to manage the potential change in interest rates in anticipation of the issuance of billion and billion of fixed rate debt in August 2021 and March 2019, respectively. Treasury locks are accounted for as cash flow hedges since they hedge the risk of an increase in treasury rates for the forecasted interest payments of an anticipated fixed-rate debt issuance.) ) Treasury locks ) ) 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

) Cost of sales ) Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) Total ) 
 Approximately million of pre-tax net unrealized gains on cash flow hedges as of September 30, 2021 will be reclassified into earnings during the next twelve months. We expect that these net unrealized gains will be offset when the hedged items are recognized in earnings. 
 Net Investment Hedges 
 We use foreign currency forward exchange contracts and foreign currency denominated debt obligations to hedge portions of our net investments in non-U.S. subsidiaries (net investment hedges) against the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on the translation of foreign currency balances to the U.S. dollar. For all instruments that are designated as net investment hedges and meet effectiveness requirements, the net changes in value of the designated hedging instruments are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss within shareowners equity where they offset gains and losses recorded on our net investments globally. To the extent forward exchange contracts or foreign currency denominated debt designated as net investment hedges are ineffective, changes in value are recorded in earnings through the maturity date. There was no impact on earnings due to ineffective net investment hedges. At September 30, 2021, we had foreign currency forward exchange contracts designated as net investment hedges.) ) ) 
 Fair Value Hedges 
 We used interest rate swap contracts to manage the borrowing costs of certain long-term debt. In February 2015, we issued million aggregate principal amount of fixed rate notes. Upon issuance of these notes, we entered into fixed-to-floating interest rate swap contracts that effectively converted these notes from fixed rate debt to floating rate debt. We designated these contracts as fair value hedges because they hedged the changes in fair value of the fixed rate notes resulting from changes in interest rates. The changes in value of these fair value hedges were recorded as gains or losses in interest expense and are offset by the losses or gains on the underlying debt instruments, which are also recorded in interest expense. In May 2020, we settled all outstanding interest rate swaps and received million from the counterparties. This gain on the settlement of the interest rate swaps was recorded as an adjustment to the carrying value of the 2025 Notes and is being amortized over the remaining term of those notes as an adjustment to interest expense in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million of foreign currency forward exchange contracts not designated as hedging instruments.) ) Other (expense) income ) ) Total ) ) 
 million at September 30, 2021. Currency pairs (buy/sell) comprising the most significant contract notional values were Euro/United States dollar (USD), USD/Canadian dollar, USD/Mexican peso, and USD/Swiss franc. 
 Forward exchange contracts Other assets Forward exchange contracts Other current liabilities ) ) Forward exchange contracts Other liabilities ) ) Total ) 
 Fair Value (Level 2) Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments Balance Sheet Location September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 Forward exchange contracts Other current assets Forward exchange contracts Other current liabilities ) ) Total ) ) 
 Refer to Note 1 for further information regarding levels in the fair value hierarchy. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 12. 
 shares of common stock, par value per share, and million shares of preferred stock, without par value. At September 30, 2021, million shares of authorized common stock were reserved for various incentive plans. 
 Treasury stock purchases ) ) ) Common stock issued (including share based compensation impact) Ending balance 
 At September 30, 2021, there were million of outstanding common stock share repurchases recorded in accounts payable. At September 30, 2020, there were outstanding common stock share repurchases recorded in accounts payable. 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2019 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Adoption of accounting standard/other ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2020 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance as of September 30, 2021 ) ) ) ) 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

) ) Other income (expense) Amortization of net actuarial loss Other income (expense) Settlements Other income (expense) Income before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax provision Net income Net unrealized losses (gains) on cash flow hedges: Forward exchange contracts ) ) Sales Forward exchange contracts ) ) Cost of sales Forward exchange contracts ) Selling, general and administrative expenses Treasury locks related to 2019 and 2021 debt issuances Interest expense ) ) Income before income taxes ) Income tax provision ) ) Net income Total reclassifications Net income 
 (1) These components are included in the computation of net periodic benefit costs. See Note 14 for further information. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 13. 
 million, million and million of pre-tax share-based compensation expense, respectively. The total income tax benefit related to share-based compensation expense was million, million, and million during 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. We recognize compensation expense on grants of share-based compensation awards on a straight-line basis over the service period of each award recipient. As of September 30, 2021, total unrecognized compensation cost related to share-based compensation awards was million, net of estimated forfeitures, which we expect to recognize over a weighted average period of approximately years. 
 During 2020, we adopted, and our shareowners approved, our 2020 Long-Term Incentives Plan 2020 Plan ), which replaced our 2012 Long-Term Incentives Plan, as amended 2012 Plan and our 2003 Directors Stock Plan, as amended Directors Plan ). Our 2020 Plan authorizes us to deliver up to million shares of our common stock upon exercise of stock options, upon grant, or in payment of stock appreciation rights, performance shares, performance units, restricted stock units or restricted stock. Our Directors Plan authorized us to deliver up to million shares of our common stock upon exercise of stock options, upon grant, or in payment of restricted stock units. Shares relating to awards under our 2012 Plan that terminate by expiration, forfeiture, cancellation or otherwise without the issuance or delivery of shares or that are settled in cash in lieu of shares will be available for further awards under the 2020 Plan. Approximately million shares under our 2020 Plan remain available for future grant or payment at September 30, 2021. We use treasury stock to deliver shares of our common stock under these plans. Our 2020 Plan does not permit share-based compensation awards to be granted after February 4, 2030. 
 Stock Options 
 We have granted non-qualified and incentive stock options to purchase our common stock under various incentive plans at prices equal to the fair market value of the stock on the grant dates. The exercise price for stock options granted under the plans may be paid in cash, already-owned shares of common stock, or a combination of cash and such shares. Stock options expire after the grant date and vest ratably over . 
 The per-share weighted average fair value of stock options granted during the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019, was , , and , respectively. The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised was million , million, and million during 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. 
 Expected dividend yield Expected volatility Expected term (years) 
 The average risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury security rates corresponding to the expected term in effect as of the grant date. The expected dividend yield is based on the expected annual dividend as a percentage of the market value of our common stock as of the grant date. We determined expected volatility using daily historical volatility of our stock price over the most recent period corresponding to the expected term as of the grant date. We determined the expected term of the stock options using historical data adjusted for the estimated exercise dates of unexercised options. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Canceled ) Outstanding at September 30, 2021 Exercisable at September 30, 2021 
 The amount of options expected to vest is materially consistent with those outstanding and not yet exercisable. 
 Performance Share Awards 
 Certain officers and key employees are also eligible to receive shares of our common stock in payment of performance share awards granted to them. Grantees of performance shares will be eligible to receive shares of our common stock depending upon our total shareowner return, assuming reinvestment of all dividends, relative to the performance of companies in the S P 500 Index over a period for the awards granted in fiscal 2020 and 2019. The number of shares actually earned for awards granted in fiscal 2020 and 2019 will range from to percent of the targeted number of performance shares for the three-year performance periods and will be paid, to the extent earned, in the fiscal quarter following the end of the applicable performance period. Beginning with the awards granted in fiscal 2021, the total shareowner return is measured relative to the performance of companies in the following S P 500 Selected GICS groups: Capital Goods, Software and Services, and Technology Hardware and Equipment. The number of shares actually earned for awards granted in fiscal 2021 will range from percent to percent of the targeted number of performance shares for the three-year performance periods and will be paid, to the extent earned, in the fiscal quarter following the end of the applicable performance period. 
 Granted (1) 
 Adjustment for performance results achieved (2) 
 ) Vested and issued ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 30, 2021 
 (1) Performance shares granted assuming achievement of performance goals at target. 
 (2) Adjustments were due to the number of shares vested under fiscal 2018 awards at the end of the performance period ended September 30, 2020, being lower than the target number of shares. 
 
 Shares vested (in thousands) Total fair value of shares vested (in millions) 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

performance period ending September 30, 2021, the payout will be of the target number of shares, with a maximum of approximately shares to be delivered in payment under the awards in December 2021. 
 , and , respectively, which we determined using a Monte Carlo simulation and the following assumptions: 
 2021 2020 2019 Average risk-free interest rate Expected dividend yield Expected volatility 
 The average risk-free interest rate is based on the three-year U.S. Treasury security rate in effect as of the grant date. The expected dividend yield is based on the expected annual dividend as a percentage of the market value of our common stock as of the grant date. The expected volatilities were determined using daily historical volatility for the most recent period as of the grant date. 
 Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units 
 We grant restricted stock and restricted stock units to certain employees, and non-employee directors may elect to receive a portion of their compensation in restricted stock units. Restrictions on employee restricted stock and employee restricted stock units generally lapse over periods ranging from one to . Director restricted stock units generally are payable upon retirement. We value restricted stock and restricted stock units at the closing market value of our common stock on the date of grant. The weighted average fair value of restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards granted during the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019, was , and , respectively. The total fair value of shares vested during the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019, was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 30, 2021 
 We also granted approximately shares of unrestricted common stock to non-employee directors during the year ended September 30, 2021. The weighted average grant date fair value of the unrestricted stock awards granted during the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019, was , and , respectively. 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 14. 
 t make voluntary contributions to our U.S. qualified pension plan in 2021 and 2019. We made a voluntary contribution of million to our U.S. qualified pension plan in 2020. 
 We sponsor various defined contribution savings plans that allow eligible employees to contribute a portion of their income in accordance with plan specific guidelines. We contribute to savings plans and/or will match a percentage of the employee contributions up to certain limits. The Company contributions to defined contribution plans are based on age and years of service and range from to of eligible compensation. However, effective from May 2020 through November 2020, we temporarily suspended the 401(k) matching contribution for all U.S. employees to address the then-current and anticipated economic conditions resulting from the global COVID-19 pandemic. Expense related to these plans was million in 2021, million in 2020, and million in 2019. 
 Other postretirement benefits are primarily in the form of retirement medical plans that cover certain employees in the U.S. and Canada and provide for the payment of certain medical costs of eligible employees and dependents after retirement. The postretirement benefit plan was closed to employees hired after December 31, 2004. 
 Net Periodic Benefit Cost 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization: Prior service cost (credit) ) ) ) Net actuarial loss Settlements Net periodic benefit cost (income) ) ) ) 
 
 The service cost component is included in Cost of sales and Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. All other components are included in Other income (expense) in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Expected return on plan assets Compensation increase rate Non-U.S. Plans Discount rate Expected return on plan assets Compensation increase rate 
 Net Benefit Obligation 
 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial (gains) losses ) ) ) Acquisitions ) Plan amendments Plan participant contributions Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Settlements ) ) Currency translation and other ) Benefit obligation at end of year Plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets Company contributions Plan participant contributions Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Settlements ) ) Currency translation and other Plan assets at end of year Funded status of plans ) ) ) ) 
 Compensation and benefits ) ) ) ) Retirement benefits ) ) ) ) Net amount on balance sheet ) ) ) ) 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

in 2020 to in 2021. The actuarial losses recorded in 2020 were primarily the result of a decrease in the discount rate for the U.S. Plans, which decreased from in 2019 to in 2020. Approximately percent of our 2021 global projected benefit obligation relates to our U.S. pension plan.) Net actuarial loss Total 
 During 2021, we recognized prior service credits of million million net of tax) and net actuarial losses of million million net of tax) in pension and other postretirement net periodic benefit cost, which were included in accumulated other comprehensive loss at September 30, 2020. 
 The accumulated benefit obligation for our pension plans was million and million at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Fair value of plan assets 
 Information regarding our pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of the fair value of plan assets (underfunded plans) are as follows (in millions): 
 2021 2020 Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets 
 Compensation increase rate Health care cost trend rate (1) 
 Non-U.S. Plans Discount rate Compensation increase rate Health care cost trend rate (1) 
 
 (1) The health care cost trend rate reflects the estimated increase in gross medical claims costs. As a result of the plan amendment adopted effective October 1, 2002, our effective per person retiree medical cost increase is percent beginning in 2005 for the majority of our postretirement benefit plans. For our other plans, we assume the gross health care cost trend rate will remain at in 2022 and decrease to in 2025 for U.S. Plans and will not change in future periods for Non-U.S. Plans. 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million related to our global pension plans and million to our postretirement benefit plans in 2022. 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027-2031 
 Plan Assets 
 In determining the expected long-term rate of return on assets assumption, we consider actual returns on plan assets over the long term, adjusted for forward-looking considerations, such as inflation, interest rates, equity performance and the active management of the plan s invested assets. We also considered our current and expected mix of plan assets in setting this assumption. This resulted in the selection of the weighted average long-term rate of return on assets assumption. 
 Debt securities Other 
 The investment objective for pension funds related to our defined benefit plans is to meet the plan s benefit obligations, while maximizing the long-term growth of assets without undue risk. We strive to achieve this objective by investing plan assets within target allocation ranges and diversification within asset categories. Target allocation ranges are guidelines that are adjusted periodically based on ongoing monitoring by plan fiduciaries. Investment risk is controlled by rebalancing to target allocations on a periodic basis and ongoing monitoring of investment manager performance relative to the investment guidelines established for each manager. 
 As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, our pension plans do not directly own our common stock. 
 In certain countries where we operate, there are no legal requirements or financial incentives provided to companies to pre-fund pension obligations. In these instances, we typically make benefit payments directly from cash as they become due, rather than by creating a separate pension fund. 
 The valuation methodologies used for our pension plans investments measured at fair value are described as follows. There have been no changes in the methodologies used at September 30, 2021 and 2020. 
 Common stock Valued at the closing price reported on the active market on which the individual securities are traded. 
 Mutual funds Valued at the net asset value (NAV) reported by the fund. 
 Corporate debt Valued at either the yields currently available on comparable securities of issuers with similar credit ratings or valued under a discounted cash flow approach that maximizes observable inputs, such as current yields of similar instruments, but includes adjustments for certain risks that may not be observable such as credit and liquidity risks. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

77 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Equity securities: Mutual funds Common stock Common collective trusts Fixed income securities: Corporate debt Government securities Common collective trusts Other types of investments: Insurance contracts Total U.S. Plans investments in fair value hierarchy U.S. Plans investments measured at NAV: Private equity Alternative equity Total U.S. Plans investments Non-U.S. Plans Cash and cash equivalents Equity securities: Common stock Common collective trusts Fixed income securities: Corporate debt Government securities Common collective trusts Other types of investments: Real estate funds Insurance contracts Other Total Non-U.S. Plans investments in fair value hierarchy Non-U.S. Plans investments measured at NAV: Real estate funds Total Non-U.S. Plans investments Total investments measured at fair value 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Equity securities: Mutual funds Common stock Common collective trusts Fixed income securities: Corporate debt Government securities Common collective trusts Other types of investments: Insurance contracts Total U.S. Plans investments in fair value hierarchy U.S. Plans investments measured at NAV: Private equity Alternative equity Total U.S. Plans investments Non-U.S. Plans Cash and cash equivalents Equity securities: Common stock Common collective trusts Fixed income securities: Corporate debt Government securities Common collective trusts Other types of investments: Real estate funds Insurance contracts Other Total Non-U.S. Plans investments in fair value hierarchy Non-U.S. Plans investments measured at NAV: Real estate funds Total Non-U.S. Plans investments Total investments measured at fair value 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Non-U.S. Plans Insurance contracts ) Other ) 
 The table below sets forth a summary of changes in fair market value of our pension plans Level 3 assets for the year ended September 30, 2020: 
 Balance October 1, 2019 Realized Gains (Losses) Unrealized Gains (Losses) Purchases, Sales, Issuances, and Settlements, Net Balance September 30, 2020 U.S. Plans Insurance contracts Non-U.S. Plans Insurance contracts Other 

15. 
 Royalty income Legacy product liability and environmental charges ) ) ) Non-operating pension and postretirement benefit (cost) credit ) ) Legal Settlement (Note 17) Other ) ) Other income (expense) ) 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 16. 
 Non-United States Total 
 Non-United States State and local Total current Deferred: United States ) ) ) Non-United States ) ) ) State and local ) ) ) Total deferred ) ) ) Income tax provision Total income taxes paid 
 Effective Tax Rate Reconciliation 
 State and local income taxes Non-United States taxes ) ) ) Repatriation of foreign earnings Foreign-derived intangible income ) ) ) Settlements with taxing authorities ) ) Sensia formation ) Change in valuation allowance (a) 
 ) ) Share-based compensation ) ) ) Research and development tax credit ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Effective income tax rate 
 (a) During fiscal year 2021, we reversed our valuation allowance against deferred tax assets associated with the change in fair value of the PTC Shares. This resulted in a decrease to the effective tax rate of and remaining valuation allowance related to PTC Shares, as described further in the table below. 
 We operate in certain non-U.S. tax jurisdictions under government-sponsored tax incentive programs, which may be extended if certain additional requirements are met. The program which generates the primary benefit has been extended to expire in 2032. The tax benefit attributable to these programs was million per diluted share) in 2021, million per diluted share) in 2020 and million per diluted share) in 2019. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Inventory Returns, rebates and incentives Retirement benefits Environmental remediation and other site-related costs Share-based compensation Other accruals and reserves Investments Net operating loss carryforwards Tax credit carryforwards Capital loss carryforwards Other Subtotal Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred income tax assets Deferred income tax liabilities: Property ) ) Intangible assets ) ) Investments ) Unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries ) ) Other ) ) Deferred income tax liabilities ) ) Total net deferred income tax assets 
 We believe it is more likely than not that we will realize our deferred tax assets through the reduction of future taxable income, other than for the deferred tax assets reflected below. 
 2022 - 9/30/2030 Non-United States net operating loss carryforward Indefinite Non-United States capital loss carryforward Indefinite United States credit carryforward 2030 - 2041 United States net operating loss carryforward 2022 - 2037 United States net operating loss carryforward Indefinite State and local net operating loss carryforward 2022 - 2038 State tax credit carryforward 2022 - 2035 Subtotal Other deferred tax assets Indefinite Total 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Additions based on tax positions related to prior years Reductions based on tax positions related to prior years Reductions related to settlements with taxing authorities ) Reductions related to lapses of statute of limitations ) ) Effect of foreign currency translation Gross unrecognized tax benefits balance at end of year 
 The amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits that would reduce our effective tax rate if recognized was million, million and million at September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 Accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits were million and million at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the income tax provision. Benefits (expense) recognized were million, million and million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 We believe it is reasonably possible that the amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits could be reduced by up to million in the next 12 months as a result of the resolution of tax matters in various global jurisdictions and the lapses of statutes of limitations. If all of the unrecognized tax benefits were recognized, the net reduction to our income tax provision, including the recognition of interest and penalties and offsetting tax assets, could be up to million. 
 We conduct business globally and are routinely audited by the various tax jurisdictions in which we operate. We are no longer subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations for years before 2018 and are no longer subject to state, local and non-U.S. income tax examinations for years before 2014. 
 Income tax liabilities of million and million related to the U.S. transition tax under the Tax Act that are payable greater than 12 months from September 30, 2021, and 2020, respectively, are recorded in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 17. 
 Superfund sites, excluding sites as to which our records disclose no involvement or as to which our potential liability has been finally determined and assumed by third parties. In addition, various other lawsuits, claims and proceedings have been asserted against us seeking remediation of alleged environmental impairments, principally at previously owned properties. 
 Based on our assessment, we believe that our expenditures for environmental capital investment and remediation necessary to comply with present regulations governing environmental protection and other expenditures for the resolution of environmental claims will not have a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We cannot assess the possible effect of compliance with future requirements. Environmental remediation cost liabilities, net of related expected recoveries, were million and million as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million and million as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Other Matters 
 Various other lawsuits, claims and proceedings have been or may be instituted or asserted against us relating to the conduct of our business, including those pertaining to product liability, environmental, safety and health, intellectual property, employment and contract matters. Although the outcome of litigation cannot be predicted with certainty and some lawsuits, claims or proceedings may be disposed of unfavorably to us, we believe the disposition of matters that are pending or have been asserted will not have a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. The following outlines additional background for obligations associated with asbestos, divested businesses and intellectual property. 
 We (including our subsidiaries) have been named as a defendant in lawsuits alleging personal injury as a result of exposure to asbestos that was used in certain components of our products many years ago, including products from divested businesses for which we have agreed to defend and indemnify claims. Currently there are a few thousand claimants in lawsuits that name us as defendants, together with hundreds of other companies. But in all cases, for those claimants who do show that they worked with our products or products of divested businesses for which we are responsible, we nevertheless believe we have meritorious defenses, in substantial part due to the integrity of the products, the encapsulated nature of any asbestos-containing components, and the lack of any impairing medical condition on the part of many claimants. We defend those cases vigorously. Historically, we have been dismissed from the vast majority of these claims with no payment to claimants. 
 Additionally, we have maintained insurance coverage that includes indemnity and defense costs, over and above self-insured retentions, for many of these claims. We believe these arrangements will provide substantial coverage for future defense and indemnity costs for these asbestos claims throughout the remaining life of asbestos liability. The uncertainties of asbestos claim litigation make it difficult to predict accurately the ultimate outcome of asbestos claims. That uncertainty is increased by the possibility of adverse rulings or new legislation affecting asbestos claim litigation or the settlement process. Subject to these uncertainties and based on our experience defending asbestos claims, we do not believe these lawsuits will have a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We have, from time to time, divested certain of our businesses. In connection with these divestitures, certain lawsuits, claims and proceedings may be instituted or asserted against us related to the period that we owned the businesses, either because we agreed to retain certain liabilities related to these periods or because such liabilities fall upon us by operation of law. In some instances the divested business has assumed the liabilities; however, it is possible that we might be responsible to satisfy those liabilities if the divested business is unable to do so. We do not believe these liabilities will have a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 In many countries we provide a limited intellectual property indemnity as part of our terms and conditions of sale and at times in other contracts with third parties. As of September 30, 2021, we were not aware of any material indemnification claims that were probable or reasonably possible of an unfavorable outcome. Historically, claims that have been made under the indemnification agreements have not had a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations; however, to the extent that valid indemnification claims arise in the future, future payments by us could be significant and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations in a particular period. During the first quarter of fiscal 2021, we reached a favorable settlement agreement regarding litigation of a trademark infringement and false advertising matter and received million. The settlement gain is recorded in other income (expense) in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 
 18. 
 to approximately years. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Variable lease expense (2) 
 Finance lease expense Amortization of right-of-use assets Interest on lease liabilities Total lease expense 
 (1) Operating lease expense includes short-term lease expense which was not material. 
 (2) Variable lease expense includes sublease income which was not material. 
 
 Rental expense accounted for under the previous accounting standard was million in 2019. 
 
 years years Finance leases years years Weighted average discount rate: Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Less imputed interest ) ) Total lease liabilities 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, we have additional operating leases for facilities that have not yet commenced with undiscounted lease obligations of approximately million and additional finance leases for equipment that have not yet commenced with undiscounted lease obligations of approximately million. These leases will commence in fiscal 2022. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations Operating leases Financing leases 

19. 
 operating segments: Intelligent Devices, Software Control, and Lifecycle Services. This change simplifies our structure around essential offerings, leverages our sharpened industry focus, and recognizes the growing importance of software in delivering value to our customers. 
 Intelligent Devices 
 The Intelligent Devices operating segment combines a comprehensive portfolio of smart products that create the foundation of an agile, resilient and sustainable production system. This comprehensive portfolio includes: 
 Power Control - Low and medium voltage variable frequency drives as well as low and medium voltage motor control; 
 Motion Control - Servo drives, rotary servo motors, linear actuators and independent cart technologies offering a comprehensive portfolio of servo control technologies; 
 Safety, Sensing Industrial Components - Safety devices, sensing devices, motor control and circuit protection devices, operator devices, signaling devices, relays, and electrical control accessories; and 
 Micro Control Distributed I/O - Micro programmable logic controllers and distributed input/output platforms. 
 Software Control 
 The Software Control operating segment contains a comprehensive portfolio of production automation and production operations platforms, including hardware and software. This integrated portfolio is merging information technology (IT) and operational technology (OT), bringing the benefits of the Connected Enterprise to the production system. 
 Our production automation portfolio is multi-discipline and scalable with the ability to handle applications in discrete, batch/hybrid and continuous process, drives control, motion and robotics control, machine safety and process safety. Our products include programmable automation controllers, design, visualization and simulation software, human machine interface products, industrial computers, machine safety and process safety products, industrial networks and security products. 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

87 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Software Control Lifecycle Services Total Segment operating earnings: Intelligent Devices Software Control Lifecycle Services Total Purchase accounting depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Corporate and other ) ) ) Non-operating pension and postretirement benefit (cost) credit ) ) Gain (loss) on investments ) Valuation adjustments related to the registration of PTC Shares Legal settlement Interest (expense) income - net ) ) ) Income before income taxes 
 Among other considerations, we evaluate performance and allocate resources based upon segment operating earnings before purchase accounting depreciation and amortization, corporate and other, non-operating pension and postretirement benefit (cost) credit, gains and losses on investments, the million legal settlement in fiscal 2021, valuation adjustments related to the registration of the PTC Shares in fiscal 2019, interest (expense) income - net, and income tax provision. Depending on the product, intersegment sales within a single legal entity are either at cost or cost plus a mark-up, which does not necessarily represent a market price. Sales between legal entities are at an appropriate transfer price. We allocate costs related to shared segment operating activities to the segments consistent with the methodology used by management to assess segment performance. 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Software Control Lifecycle Services Corporate Total Depreciation and amortization: Intelligent Devices Software Control Lifecycle Services Corporate Total Purchase accounting depreciation and amortization Total Capital expenditures for property: Intelligent Devices Software Control Lifecycle Services Corporate Total 
 Identifiable assets at Corporate consist principally of cash, net deferred income tax assets, prepaid pension and property. Property shared by the segments and used in operating activities is also reported in Corporate identifiable assets and Corporate capital expenditures. Corporate identifiable assets include shared net property balances of million, million and million at September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, for which depreciation expense has been allocated to segment operating earnings based on the expected benefit to be realized by each segment. Corporate capital expenditures in 2021, 2020 and 2019 primarily consist of property that will be shared by our operating segments. 
 Europe, Middle East and Africa Asia Pacific Latin America Total 
 We attribute sales to the geographic regions based on the country of destination. Sales in North America include million, million, and million related to the U.S in 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. 
 In most countries, we sell primarily through independent distributors in conjunction with our direct sales force. We sell large systems and service offerings principally through our direct sales force, though opportunities are sometimes identified through distributors. Sales to our largest distributor in 2021, 2020, and 2019, which are attributable to all segments, were approximately percent of our total sales. 
 89 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Shareowners and the Board of Directors of 
 Rockwell Automation, Inc. 
 Milwaukee, Wisconsin 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Rockwell Automation, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, cash flows, and shareowners equity for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (a)(2) (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 As described in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management excluded from its assessment the internal control over financial reporting at Plex Systems, Inc., which was acquired on August 31, 2021, and whose financial statements constitute 19 of total assets and 0.1 of revenues of the financial statements amounts as of and for the year ended September 30, 2021. Accordingly, our audit did not include the internal control over financial reporting at Plex Systems, Inc. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedule and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and 
 dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Goodwill Valuation - Sensia Reporting Unit - Refer to Note 3 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company performed an impairment evaluation of the goodwill for the Sensia reporting unit by comparing the estimated fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value. In order to estimate the fair value of the reporting unit, management is required to make significant estimates and assumptions related to the discount rate and forecasts of future revenues and Earnings Before Interest Taxes Depreciation Amortization EBITDA margins. Changes in these assumptions could have a significant impact on the fair value of the reporting unit, the amount of any goodwill impairment charge, or both. The goodwill balance was 3,625.9 million as of September 30, 2021, of which 315.5 million related to the Sensia reporting unit. The Company tests for goodwill impairment during the second quarter of each year. As of the annual measurement date, the Company determined that the fair value of the Sensia reporting unit exceeded its carrying value and therefore no impairment was recognized. 
 We identified the impairment evaluation of goodwill for the Sensia reporting unit as a critical audit matter because of the inherent subjectivity involved in management s estimates and assumptions related to the discount rate and forecasts of future revenues and EBITDA margins. The audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates and assumptions related to the selection of the discount rate and forecasts of future revenues and EBITDA margins required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the selection of the discount rate and forecasts of future revenues and EBITDA margins for the Sensia reporting unit included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over management s goodwill impairment evaluation, including those over the selection of the discount rate and management s development of forecasts of future revenues and EBITDA margins. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of management s forecasts by comparing the forecasts to (1) historical results, (2) internal communications to management and the Board of Directors, and (3) forecasted information included in analyst and industry reports for the Company and its peer companies, including the impact of economic factors on Sensia s Oil Gas customers. 
 We evaluated the impact of changes in management s forecasts from the annual measurement date to September 30, 2021. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the discount rate by (1) testing the source information underlying the determination of the discount rate; (2) testing the mathematical accuracy of the calculations; and (3) developing a range of independent estimates and comparing those to the discount rate selected by management. 
 Acquisitions Plex Systems (Valuation of Customer Relationship and Developed Technology Assets) Refer to Note 4 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 In August 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of Plex Systems, Inc. Plex ). The Company accounted for the acquisition under the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations. Accordingly, the purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values, including identified intangible assets of 531.4 million, of which 276.4 million related to customer relationships and 232.8 million related to developed technology. Management estimated the fair value of the customer relationships asset using an income approach. The fair value determination of the customer relationships asset required management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to forecasted cash flows attributable to the existing customers, the customer attrition rate, and discount rate. The fair value determination of the developed technology required management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to forecasted revenue growth rates, the obsolescence factor, royalty rate, and discount rate. 
 We identified the purchase accounting valuations of the customer relationships and developed technology intangible assets as a critical audit matter due to subjective judgment required to evaluate the significant estimates made in determining fair value, including the need to involve our fair value specialists, when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s key assumptions and estimates related to the customer attrition rate, obsolescence factor, royalty rate, and discount rate. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the fair value of the intangible assets for Plex included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the valuation of the customer relationships and developed technology intangible assets, including management s controls over the development of key judgments including forecasts of future cash flows attributable to existing customers and revenue growth rates, customer attrition rate, royalty rate, obsolescence factor, and discount rates. 
 We assessed the reasonableness of management s forecasts of future cash flows and revenue growth rates by comparing the projections to (1) historical results, (2) industry data, and (3) certain peer companies. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the (1) valuation methodology; (2) customer attrition rate by testing the mathematical accuracy of the rate used; and testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data supporting the attrition rate assumption; (3) royalty rate and obsolescence factor by testing the mathematical accuracy of the rate and comparing it to market observations; and (4) discount rates, which included testing the source information underlying the determination of the discount rate, testing the mathematical accuracy of the calculations, and developing a range of independent estimates and comparing those to the discount rates selected by management. 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 Milwaukee, Wisconsin 
 November 9, 2021 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1967. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness, as of September 30, 2021, of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2021. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on that evaluation, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2021. 
 On August 31, 2021, we acquired Plex (see Note 4 in the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information). Due to the timing of the acquisition and as permitted by the Securities and Exchange Commission, we have excluded internal controls at Plex from our assessment of the internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021. Total assets and revenues of Plex that were excluded from our assessment constitute 19.0 percent and 0.1 percent, respectively, of our Consolidated Financial Statement amounts as of and for the year ended September 30, 2021. We are in the process of integrating the acquired business into our existing operations and evaluating the internal controls over financial reporting of the acquired business. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as of September 30, 2021, has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, as stated in their report that is included on the previous page. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There has not been any change in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter to which this report relates that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, we acquired Plex as described above. We are in the process of integrating controls, policies, and procedures relating to this transaction and will continue to evaluate the impact of any related changes to our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Other than the information below, the information required by this Item 10 is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled Corporate Governance, Election of Directors, and Stock Ownership Information in the Proxy Statement. 
 No nominee for director was selected pursuant to any arrangement or understanding between the nominee and any person other than the Company pursuant to which such person is or was to be selected as a director or nominee. See also the information about executive officers of the Company under Item 4A of Part I. 
 We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to our executive officers, including the principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. A copy of our Code of Conduct is posted on our Internet site at https://www.rockwellautomation.com under the Investors link. In the event that we amend or grant any waiver from a provision of the code of ethics that applies to the principal executive officer, principal financial officer or principal accounting officer and that requires disclosure under applicable SEC rules, we intend to disclose such amendment or waiver and the reasons therefor on our Internet site. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this Item 11 is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled Executive Compensation , Election of Directors, Corporate Governance, and Compensation Committee Report in the Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Other than the information below, the information required by this Item 12 is incorporated by reference to the section entitled Stock Ownership Information in the Proxy Statement. 
 The following table provides information, as of September 30, 2021, about our common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of options, warrants, and rights granted to employees, consultants, or directors under all of our existing equity compensation plans. 
 Number of Securities to be issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding Securities reflected in Column (a)) Plan Category (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by shareowners 3,025,987 (1) 
 173.07 (2) 
 11,438,006 (3) 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by shareowners n/a Total 3,025,987 173.07 11,438,006 
 (1) Represents outstanding options, shares issuable in payment of outstanding performance shares (at maximum payout), and restricted stock units under our 2020 Long-Term Incentives Plan, 2012 Long-Term Incentives Plan, 2008 Long-Term Incentives Plan, and 2003 Directors Stock Plan. 
 (2) Represents the weighted average exercise price of outstanding options and does not take into account the performance shares and restricted stock units. 
 (3) Represents shares available for future issuance under our 2020 Long-Term Incentives Plan. 
 92 

Table of Contents 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this Item 13 is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled Corporate Governance and Election of Directors in the Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by this Item 14 is incorporated by reference to the section entitled Audit Matters in the Proxy Statement. 
 93 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a) Financial Statements, Financial Statement Schedule and Exhibits 
 
 (1) Financial Statements (all financial statements listed below are those of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries) 
 Page Consolidated Balance Sheet, September 30, 2021 and 2020 42 
 Consolidated Statement of Operations, years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 43 
 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income, years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 44 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows, years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 45 
 Consolidated Statement of Shareowners Equity, years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 46 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 47 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 90 
 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedule for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 Page Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts S-1 
 
 Schedules not filed herewith are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the information called for is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 (3) Exhibits 
 3-a 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, filed as Exhibit 3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2002, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 3-b 
 By-Laws of the Company, as amended and restated effective June 8, 2016, filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 10, 2016, are hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4-a-1 
 Indenture dated as of December 1, 1996 between the Company and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. (formerly JPMorgan Chase, successor to The Chase Manhattan Bank, successor to Mellon Bank, N.A.), as Trustee, filed as Exhibit 4-a to Registration Statement No. 333-43071, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4-a-2 
 Form of certificate for the Company s 6.70 Debentures due January 15, 2028, filed as Exhibit 4-b to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 26, 1998, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4-a-3 
 Form of certificate for the Company s 5.20 Debentures due January 15, 2098, filed as Exhibit 4-c to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 26, 1998, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4-a-4 
 Form of certificate for the Company s 6.25 Debentures due December 31, 2037, filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 3, 2007, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4-a-5 
 Form of certificate for the Company s 2.05 Notes due March 1, 2020, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 17, 2015, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4-a-6 
 Form of certificate for the Company s 2.875 Notes due March 1, 2025, filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 17, 2015, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4-a-7 
 Form of certificate for the Company s 3.5 0 Notes due March 1, 2029, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 1, 2019, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4-a-8 
 Form of certificate for the Company s 4.2 0 Notes due March 1, 2049, filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 1, 2019, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4-a-9 
 Description of the Company s Securities filed as Exhibit 4-a-9 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2019, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4-a-10 
 Form of certificate for the Company s 0.35 Notes due August 15, 2023, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 17, 2021, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 

4-a-11 
 Form of certificate for the Company s 1.75 Notes due August 15, 2031, filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 17, 2021, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4-a-12 
 Form of certificate for the Company s 2.80 Notes due August 15, 2061, filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 17, 2021, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-a-1 
 Copy of the Company s 2003 Directors Stock Plan, filed as Exhibit 4-d to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-101780), is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-a-2 
 Memorandum of Amendments to the Company s 2003 Directors Stock Plan approved and adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company on April 25, 2003, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2003, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-a-3 
 Memorandum of Amendments to the Company s 2003 Directors Stock Plan approved and adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company on November 7, 2007, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2007, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-a-4 
 Memorandum of Amendments to the Company s 2003 Directors Stock Plan approved and adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company on September 3, 2008, filed as Exhibit 10-b-16 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2008, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-a-5 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under Section 6 of the Company s 2003 Director s Stock Plan, as amended, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2008, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-a-6 
 Copy of the Company s Directors Deferred Compensation Plan approved and adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company on November 5, 2008, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2008, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-a-7 
 Summary of Non-Employee Director Compensation and Benefits as of October 1, 202 1 . 
 10-b-1 
 Copy of the Company s 2008 Long-Term Incentives Plan, as amended and restated through June 4, 2010, filed as Exhibit 99 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 10, 2010, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-b-2 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the Company s 2008 Long-Term Incentives Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2008, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-b-3 
 Forms of Stock Option Agreement under the Company s 2008 Long-Term Incentives Plan for options granted to executive officers of the Company after December 1, 2008, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2008, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-b-4 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the Company s 2008 Long-Term Incentives Plan, as amended, for options granted to executive officers of the Company after December 6, 2010, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2010, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-b-5 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the Company s 2008 Long-Term Incentives Plan, as amended, for options granted to executive officers of the Company after November 30, 2011, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2011, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-b-6 
 Copy of the Company s 2012 Long-Term Incentives Plan, as amended and restated through February 2, 2016, filed as Exhibit 4-c to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-209706), is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-b-7 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the Company s 2012 Long-Term Incentives Plan for options granted to executive officers of the Company after December 5, 2012, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2012, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-b-8 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the Company s 2012 Long-Term Incentives Plan for shares of restricted stock awarded to executive officers of the Company after December 5, 2012, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2012 is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-b-9 
 Form of Performance Share Agreement under the Company s 2012 Long-Term Incentives Plan for performance shares awarded to executive officers of the Company after December 5, 2012, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2012 is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 95 

Table of Contents 

10-b-10 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the Company s 2012 Long-Term Incentives Plan for certain awards of shares of restricted stock to executive officers of the Company after October 29, 2019, filed as Exhibit 10-b-10 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2019, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-b-11 
 Copy of the Company s 2020 Long-Term Incentives Plan filed as Appendix A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareowners is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-b-12 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the Company s 2020 Long-Term Incentives Plan for certain awards of shares of restricted stock to executive officers of the Company filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-b-13 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Company s 2020 Long-Term Incentives Plan for certain awards of restricted stock units to executive officers of the Company, filed as Exhibit 10-b-13 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-b-14 
 Form of Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Company s 2020 Long-Term Incentives Plan for certain awards of restricted stock units to executive officers of the Company after December 9, 2020, filed as Exhibit 10-b-14 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-b-15 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement for U.S. Employees under the Company s 2020 Long-Term Incentives Plan for options awarded to executive officers of the Company after December 9, 2020, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-b-16 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for U.S. Employees under the Company s 2020 Long-Term Incentives Plan for restricted stock units awarded to executive officers of the Company after December 9, 2020, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-b-17 
 Form of Performance Share Agreement for U.S. Employees under the Company s 2020 Long-Term Incentives Plan for performance shares awarded to executive officers of the Company after December 9, 2020, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-c-1 
 Copy of the Company s Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated September 6, 2006, filed as Exhibit 10-f to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2006, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-c-2 
 Memorandum of Proposed Amendment and Restatement of the Company s Deferred Compensation Plan approved and adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company on November 7, 2007, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2007, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-d-1 
 Copy of the Company s Incentive Compensation Plan effective October 1, 2020, filed as Exhibit 10-d-1 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-d-2 
 Copy of the Company s Annual Incentive Compensation Plan for Senior Executive Officers, as amended December 3, 2003, filed as Exhibit 10-i-1 to the Company s Annual Report for the year ended September 30, 2004, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-e-1 
 Change of Control Agreement dated as of September 30, 2019 between the Company and Blake D. Moret, filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 1, 2019, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-e-2 
 Form of Change of Control Agreement between the Company and each of Frank C. Kulaszewicz, and Sujeet Chand and certain other officers filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 1, 2019, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-e-3 
 Letter Agreement dated September 3, 2009 between Registrant and Theodore D. Crandall, filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 8, 2009, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-e-4 
 Letter Agreement dated July 1, 2016 between Registrant and Blake D. Moret, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-e-5 
 Letter Agreement dated February 7, 2017 between Registrant and Patrick P. Goris, filed as Exhibit 10 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-e-6 
 Letter Agreement dated March 1, 2021 between Registrant and Nicholas C. Gangestad 
 
 96 

Table of Contents 

10-g-1 
 Agreement and Plan of Distribution dated as of December 6, 1996, among Rockwell International Corporation (renamed Boeing North American, Inc.), the Company (formerly named New Rockwell International Corporation), Allen-Bradley Company, Inc., Rockwell Collins, Inc., Rockwell Semiconductor Systems, Inc., Rockwell Light Vehicle Systems, Inc. and Rockwell Heavy Vehicle Systems, Inc., filed as Exhibit l0-b to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 1996, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-g-2 
 Post-Closing Covenants Agreement dated as of December 6, 1996, among Rockwell International Corporation (renamed Boeing North American, Inc.), The Boeing Company, Boeing NA, Inc. and the Company (formerly named New Rockwell International Corporation), filed as Exhibit 10-c to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 1996, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-g-3 
 Tax Allocation Agreement dated as of December 6, 1996, among Rockwell International Corporation (renamed Boeing North American, Inc.), the Company (formerly named New Rockwell International Corporation) and The Boeing Company, filed as Exhibit 10-d to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 1996, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-h-l 
 Distribution Agreement dated as of September 30, 1997 by and between the Company and Meritor Automotive, Inc., filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 10, 1997, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-h-2 
 Employee Matters Agreement dated as of September 30, 1997 by and between the Company and Meritor Automotive, Inc., filed as Exhibit 2.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 10, 1997, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-h-3 
 Tax Allocation Agreement dated as of September 30, 1997 by and between the Company and Meritor Automotive, Inc., filed as Exhibit 2.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 10, 1997, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-i-1 
 Distribution Agreement dated as of June 29, 2001 by and among the Company, Rockwell Collins, Inc. and Rockwell Scientific Company LLC, filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 11, 2001, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-i-2 
 Employee Matters Agreement dated as of June 29, 2001 by and among the Company, Rockwell Collins, Inc. and Rockwell Scientific Company LLC, filed as Exhibit 2.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 11, 2001, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-i-3 
 Tax Allocation Agreement dated as of June 29, 2001 by and between the Company and Rockwell Collins, Inc., filed as Exhibit 2.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 11, 2001, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-j-1 
 1,250,000,000 Five-Year Credit Agreement dated as of November 13, 2018 among the Company, the Banks listed on the signature pages thereof, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, filed as Exhibit 99 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 15, 2018, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-j-2 
 400,000,000 364-Day Term Loan Agreement dated as of April 20, 2020, among the Company, the Banks listed on the signature pages thereof, U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, PNC Bank, National Association, as Syndication Agent, and BMO Harris Bank N.A. and TD Bank, N.A., as Documentation Agents, filed as Exhibit 99 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 21, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-k 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of August 24, 2005 by and between the Company and First Industrial Acquisitions, Inc., including the form of Lease Agreement attached as Exhibit I thereto, together with the First Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of September 30, 2005 and the Second Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of October 31, 2005, filed as Exhibit 10-p to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2005, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-l-1 
 Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2006, by and among Rockwell Automation, Inc., Rockwell Automation of Ohio, Inc., Rockwell Automation Canada Control Systems, Grupo Industrias Reliance S.A. de C.V., Rockwell Automation GmbH (formerly known as Rockwell International GmbH) and Baldor Electric Company, contained in the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 9, 2006, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-l-2 
 First Amendment to Purchase Agreement dated as of January 24, 2007 by and among Rockwell Automation, Inc., Rockwell Automation of Ohio, Inc., Rockwell Automation Canada Control Systems, Grupo Industrias Reliance S.A. de C.V., Rockwell Automation GmbH and Baldor Electric Company, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2007, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-m-1 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated June 11, 2018, between the Company and PTC Inc., filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 11, 2018, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 97 

Table of Contents 

10-m-2 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated July 19, 2018, between the Company and PTC Inc., filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated as July 20, 2018, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-m-3 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated May 11, 2021, between the Company and PTC Inc., filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 13, 2021, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10-m-4 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated June 24, 2021, among Plex Systems Holdings Inc., the Company, Merger Sub and the Representative, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 25, 2021, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 21 
 List of Subsidiaries of the Company. 
 23 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 24 
 Powers of Attorney authorizing certain persons to sign this Annual Report on Form 10-K on behalf of certain directors and officers of the Company. 
 31.1 
 Certification of Periodic Report by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Periodic Report by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Periodic Report by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 Certification of Periodic Report by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 Interactive Data Files. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 _________________________ 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 98 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 ROCKWELL AUTOMATION, INC. By /s/ NICHOLAS C. GANGESTAD Nicholas C. Gangestad Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Dated: November 9, 2021 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below on the 9th day of November 2021 by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated. 
 By /s/ N ICHOLAS C. G ANGESTAD 
 Nicholas C. Gangestad Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) By /s/ T ERRY L. R IESTERER 
 Terry L. Riesterer Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) Blake D. Moret Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director William P. Gipson Director J. Phillip Holloman Director Steven R. Kalmanson Director James P. Keane Director Lawrence D. Kingsley Director Pam Murphy Director Donald R. Parfet Director Lisa A. Payne Director Thomas W. Rosamilia Director Patricia A. Watson Director By /s/ R EBECCA W. H OUSE 
 Rebecca W. House, Attorney-in-fact By authority of powers of attorney filed herewith 
 
 99 

Table of Contents 

Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets Year ended September 30, 2020 Allowance for doubtful accounts (a) 
 Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets Year ended September 30, 2019 Allowance for doubtful accounts (a) 
 Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 
 (a) Includes allowances for current and other long-term receivables. (b) Consists of amounts written off for the allowance for doubtful accounts and adjustments resulting from our ability to utilize foreign tax credits, capital losses, or net operating loss carryforwards for which a valuation allowance had previously been recorded. 
 100 

Table of Contents 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit No. Exhibit 10-a-7 
 Summary of Non-Employee Director Compensation and Benefits as of October 1, 202 1 . 
 10-e-6 
 Letter Agreement dated March 1, 2021, between Registrant and Nicholas C. Gangestad . 
 21 
 List of Subsidiaries of the Company. 
 23 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 24 
 Powers of Attorney authorizing certain persons to sign this Annual Report on Form 10-K on behalf of certain directors and officers of the Company. 
 31.1 
 Certification of Periodic Report by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Periodic Report by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Periodic Report by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 Certification of Periodic Report by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 Interactive Data Files. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 See Part IV, Item 15(a)(3) for exhibits incorporated by reference. Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 101 

<EX-10.A.7>
 2
 rok10k2021ex10-ax7.htm
 EX-10.A.7

Document 
 Exhibit 10-a-7 

 Summary of Non-Employee Director Compensation and Benefits 
 (as of October 1, 2021) 
 
 1. Annual Retainer Fees 
 Independent Directors 
 107,500 (or the applicable pro rata portion thereof) in cash paid quarterly. Directors may elect to defer all or part of the cash payment of retainer fees (i) until such time as specified, with interest on deferred amounts accruing quarterly at 120 of the Federal long-term rate set each month by the Secretary of the Treasury, or (ii) by electing to receive restricted stock units valued at the closing price of our common stock on the New York Stock Exchange Composite Transactions reporting system on the date each retainer payment would otherwise be made in cash. 
 147,500 (or the applicable pro rata portion thereof) in shares of our common stock paid on the day in December 2021 fixed by the Compensation and Talent Management Committee for the annual grant of equity to executives (or, if the person becomes a director after that date, a pro rata amount paid on the first business day on which the person becomes a director) and valued at the closing price of our common stock on the New York Stock Exchange Composite Transactions reporting system on the payment date. Directors may elect to receive the annual retainer grant of shares of our common stock as described above in the form of restricted stock units in the same number. 
 2. Committee Membership and Lead Director Fees 
 Audit Committee 25,000 for the Chair. 
 Compensation and Talent Management Committee 20,000 for the Chair. 
 Board Composition and Corporate Governance Committee 20,000 for the Chair. 
 Technology Committee 20,000 for the Chair. 
 Lead Director 35,500. 
 Fees are paid quarterly in cash. Directors may elect to defer all or part of the payment of committee fees (i) until such time as specified, with interest on deferred amounts accruing quarterly at 120 of the Federal long-term rate set each month by the Secretary of the Treasury or (ii) by electing to receive restricted stock units valued at the closing price of our common stock on the New York Stock Exchange Composite Transactions reporting system on the date each committee fee payment would otherwise be made in cash. 
 3. Individual Limit on Director Compensation 
 The maximum amount of compensation, including the value of equity awards under any of our equity plans, that may be paid to any individual director in any fiscal year may not exceed 750,000. 
 4. Other Awards and Benefits 
 The Board of Directors may grant directors options to purchase such additional number of shares of our common stock, such additional number of restricted stock units and such additional number of performance shares or performance units as the Board in its sole discretion may determine pursuant to our 2020 Long-Term Incentives Plan. 
 We reimburse directors for transportation and other expenses actually incurred in attending Board and Committee meetings. We reimburse directors at the standard mileage rate allowed by the IRS for use in computing the deductible costs for use of a personal automobile in connection with attending Board or Committee meetings or other activities incident to Board service. 
 Directors may participate in a matching gift program under which we will match donations made to eligible educational, arts or cultural institutions. Gifts will be matched in any calendar year from a minimum of 25 to a maximum of 10,000. 
 
 Shares of our common stock, restricted stock units and options to purchase shares of our common stock described herein are granted to non-employee directors pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of our 2020 Long-Term Incentives Plan. 

</EX-10.A.7>

<EX-10.E.6>
 3
 rok10k2021ex10-ex6.htm
 EX-10.E.6

Document 
 Exhibit 10-e-6 

March 1, 2021 
 Nicholas Gangestad 
 Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 
 Rockwell Automation, Inc. 
 1201 South Second Street 
 Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53204 
 Dear Mr. Gangestad 
 This Letter Agreement will govern and reflect the arrangement approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors with respect to the clawback of certain compensation arrangements and profits from the sale of securities. 
 If Rockwell Automation, Inc. (the Company is required to restate any financial statements relating to periods from and after fiscal year 2021 during which you are chief financial officer of the Company due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, you hereby agree to reimburse the Company for 
 1. any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation received by you from the Company during the 12-month period following the first public issuance or filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission of the financial document embodying such financial reporting requirement and 
 2. any profits realized by you from the sale of securities of the Company during that 12-month period. 
 You agree that the foregoing reimbursement will apply, without limitation, to any such bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation or profits under any agreement you may have entered into with the Company or under any Company plan, program or arrangement. 
 This Letter Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflicts of laws principles. The undersigned parties irrevocably agree that the courts of the State of Delaware will have exclusive jurisdiction in relation to any claim, dispute or difference concerning this Letter Agreement and any matter arising therefrom. 
 Please confirm your agreement with the foregoing by signing and returning the enclosed copy of this Letter Agreement. This Letter Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which is deemed an original but all of which together constitute one and the same instrument. 
 Very truly yours, 
 ROCKWELL AUTOMATION, INC. 

By s Rebecca W. House 
 Rebecca W. House 
 Senior Vice President, Chief People and Legal Officer 
 Acknowledged and Agreed 
 s Nicholas Gangestad 
 Nicholas Gangestad 

</EX-10.E.6>

<EX-21>
 4
 rok10k2021ex21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 ROCKWELL AUTOMATION, INC. 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY 
 AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 
 Percentage of Voting Securities Owned By Name Jurisdiction Registrant Subsidiary Asem, S.r.l Italy 100 Fiix, Inc. Canada 100 Kalypso, LLC Delaware 100 Maverick Technologies, LLC Missouri 100 Plex Systems Holdings, Inc. Delaware 100 Plex Systems, Inc. Delaware 100 Rockwell Automation (China) Company Limited China 100 Rockwell Automation Asia Pacific Business Center PTE. Ltd. Singapore 100 Rockwell Automation Australia Ltd. Australia 100 Rockwell Automation B.V. Netherlands 100 Rockwell Automation Canada Holdings Inc. Canada 100 Rockwell Automation Canada Ltd. Canada 100 Rockwell Automation Chile S. A. Chile 100 Rockwell Automation Control Solutions (Harbin) Co., Ltd. China 100 Rockwell Automation Control Solutions (Shanghai) Limited China 100 Rockwell Automation de Mexico S.A. de C.V. Mexico 100 Rockwell Automation do Brasil Ltda. Brazil 100 Rockwell Automation G.m.b.H. Germany 100 Rockwell Automation India Private Limited India 100 Rockwell Automation International Holdings LLC Delaware 100 Rockwell Automation Korea Ltd Korea 100 Rockwell Automation Limited Ireland 100 Rockwell Automation Limited United Kingdom 100 Rockwell Automation Manufacturing (Shanghai) Limited China 100 Rockwell Automation Monterrey Manufacturing S de RL de CV Mexico 100 Rockwell Automation of Ohio, Inc. Ohio 100 Rockwell Automation Proprietary Limited South Africa 74.99999 Rockwell Automation Solutions G.m.b.H. Germany 100 Rockwell Automation Southeast Asia Pte. Ltd. Singapore 100 Rockwell Automation Spolka Z Organiczona Odpowiedzialnoscia Poland 100 Rockwell Automation Switzerland G.m.b.H Switzerland 100 Rockwell Automation Technologies, Inc. Ohio 100 Sensia Energy SA de CV Mexico 53 Sensia Limited Canada 53 Sensia LLC Delaware 53 Sensia Netherlands B.V. Netherlands 53 Sensia UK Ltd United Kingdom 53 
 Listed above are certain subsidiaries included in our consolidated financial statements. Unlisted subsidiaries, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, do not constitute a significant subsidiary. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 rok10k2021ex23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-101780, 333-149581, 333-150019, 333-157203, 333-165727, 333-180557, 333-184400, 333-205022, 333-209706, 333-234642, and 333-236277 on Form S-8 and 333-228817 on Form S-3 of our report dated November 9, 2021 relating to the financial statements of Rockwell Automation, Inc. and the effectiveness of Rockwell Automation, Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Rockwell Automation, Inc. for the year ended September 30, 2021. 

s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 
 Milwaukee, Wisconsin 
 November 9, 2021 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 6
 rok10k2021ex24.htm
 EX-24

Document 

Exhibit 24 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 I, the undersigned Director or Officer of Rockwell Automation, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby appoint NICHOLAS C. GANGESTAD, AND REBECCA W. HOUSE, and each of them singly, my true and lawful attorneys with full power to them and each of them to sign for me, and in my name and in the capacity or capacities indicated below, 
 
 1. the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, and any amendments thereto and 
 
 2. any and all amendments (including supplements and post-effective amendments) to 
 
 a) the Registration Statement on Form S-8 registering securities to be sold under the Company s 2020 Long-Term Incentives Plan (Registration Nos. 333-236277) 
 
 b) the Registration Statement on Form S-8 registering securities to be sold under the Company s 2012 Long-Term Incentives Plan (Registration Nos. 333-180557 and 333-209706) 
 
 c) the Registration Statements on Form S-8 registering securities to be sold under the Company s 2008 Long-Term Incentives Plan (Registration Nos. 333-150019 and 333-165727) 
 
 d) the Registration Statement on Form S-8 registering securities to be sold under the Company s 1165(e) Plan (Registration Nos. 333-234642, 333-157203 and 333-205022) 
 
 e) the Registration Statements on Form S-8 registering securities to be sold under the Company s Retirement Savings Plan (Registration Nos. 333-184400 and 333-149581) and 
 
 f) the Registration Statement on Form S-8 registering securities to be sold pursuant to the Company s 2003 Directors Stock Plan (Registration No. 333-101780) and 
 
 3. any and all amendments (including supplements and post-effective amendments) to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-228817) registering an indeterminate amount of debt securities of the Company in one or more series. 

Signature Title Date s Blake D. Moret Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) October 28, 2021 Blake D. Moret s J. Phillip Holloman Director October 28, 2021 J. Phillip Holloman s William P. Gipson Director October 28, 2021 William P. Gipson s Steven R. Kalmanson Director October 28, 2021 Steven R. Kalmanson s James P. Keane Director October 28, 2021 James P. Keane s Lawrence D. Kingsley Director October 28, 2021 Lawrence D. Kingsley s Pam Murphy Director October 26, 2021 Pam Murphy s Donald R. Parfet Director October 28, 2021 Donald R. Parfet s Lisa A. Payne Director October 28, 2021 Lisa A. Payne s Thomas W. Rosamilia Director October 28, 2021 Thomas W. Rosamilia s Patricia A. Watson Director October 28, 2021 Patricia A. Watson s Nicholas C. Gangestad Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) October 28, 2021 Nicholas C. Gangestad s Rebecca W. House Senior Vice President, Chief People and Legal Officer and Secretary October 28, 2021 Rebecca W. House s Terry L. Riesterer Vice President and Controller (principal accounting officer) October 28, 2021 Terry L. Riesterer 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 rok10k2021ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Blake D. Moret, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Rockwell Automation, Inc. 
 2 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 9, 2021 
 s B LAKE D. M ORET 
 Blake D. Moret President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 rok10k2021ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Nicholas C. Gangestad, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Rockwell Automation, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 9, 2021 
 s N ICHOLAS C. G ANGESTAD 
 Nicholas C. Gangestad Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 rok10k2021ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT 
 I, Blake D. Moret, President and Chief Executive Officer of Rockwell Automation, Inc. (the Company certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that 
 (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended September 30, 2021 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 9, 2021 
 s B LAKE D. M ORET 
 Blake D. Moret President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 rok10k2021ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT 
 I, Nicholas C. Gangestad, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Rockwell Automation, Inc. (the Company certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that 
 (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended September 30, 2021 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 9, 2021 
 s N ICHOLAS C. G ANGESTAD 
 Nicholas C. Gangestad Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 rok-20210930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 rok-20210930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 rok-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 rok-20210930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 rok-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

