<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211112_10-K_edgar_data_897723_0000897723-21-000028.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10327043</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>356681</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1962310</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3024249</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2640582</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2181500</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000897723-21-000028.hdr.sgml : 20211112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211112144632
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000897723-21-000028
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		105
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20211002
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SANMINA CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000897723
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PRINTED CIRCUIT BOARDS [3672]
		IRS NUMBER:				770228183
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1002

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-21272
		FILM NUMBER:		211402735

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2700 N FIRST ST
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4089643500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2700 N FIRST ST
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SANMINA-SCI CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020211

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SANMINA CORP/DE
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930729

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SANMINA HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930223

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000897723-21-000028.txt : 20211112

10-K
 1
 sanm-20211002.htm
 10-K

sanm-20211002 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 (Mark one) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2021 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to . 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant's telephone number, including area code: 
 Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately as of April 2, 2021 based upon the last reported sale price of the common stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on April 1, 2021. 
 As of November 4, 2021, the number of shares outstanding of the registrant's common stock was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Certain information is incorporated into Part III of this report by reference to the Proxy Statement for the registrant's 2022 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 

 SANMINA CORPORATION 
 
 INDEX 
 
 PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 19 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 30 
 Item 2. Properties 
 31 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 32 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 33 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 34 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 36 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 37 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 50 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 50 
 Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 81 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 81 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 81 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 82 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 82 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 82 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 82 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 82 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 83 
 Signatures 
 88 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

Item 1. Business 
 
 Overview 
 
 Sanmina Corporation we or Sanmina or the "Company") is a leading global provider of integrated manufacturing solutions, components, products and repair, logistics and after-market services. We provide these comprehensive offerings primarily to original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, in the following industries: industrial, medical, defense and aerospace, automotive, communications networks and cloud solutions. The combination of our advanced technologies, extensive manufacturing expertise and economies of scale enables us to meet the specialized needs of our customers. We were originally incorporated in Delaware in May 1989. 
 
 Our end-to-end solutions, combined with our global expertise in supply chain management, enable us to manage our customers' products throughout their life cycles. These solutions include: 
 
 product design and engineering, including concept development, detailed design, prototyping, validation, preproduction services and manufacturing design release and product industrialization; 
 manufacturing of components, subassemblies and complete systems; 
 high-level assembly and test; 
 direct order fulfillment and logistics services; 
 after-market product service and support; and 
 global supply chain management. 
 
 We operate in the Electronics Manufacturing Services (EMS) industry and manage our operations as two businesses: 
 
 1) Integrated Manufacturing Solutions (IMS). Our IMS business consists of printed circuit board assembly and test, high-level assembly and test and direct-order-fulfillment. This segment generated approximately 80 of our total revenue in 2021. 
 
 2) Components, Products and Services (CPS). Components include interconnect systems (printed circuit board fabrication, backplanes, cable assemblies and plastic injection molding) and mechanical systems (enclosures and precision machining). Products include memory solutions from our Viking Technology division; high-performance storage platforms for hyperscale and enterprise solutions from our Viking Enterprise Solutions (VES) division; optical, radio frequency (RF) and microelectronic (microE) design and manufacturing services from Advanced Micro Systems Technologies; defense and aerospace products from SCI Technology; and cloud-based manufacturing execution software from our 42Q division. Services include design, engineering and logistics and repair. CPS generated approximately 20 of our total revenue in 2021. 
 
 We have manufacturing facilities in 20 countries on six continents. We locate our facilities near our customers and their end markets in major centers for the electronics industry or in lower cost locations. Many of our operations located near our customers and their end markets are focused primarily on new product introduction, lower-volume, higher-complexity component and subsystem manufacturing and assembly, and high-level assembly and test. Our operations located in lower cost areas engage primarily in higher-volume component and subsystem manufacturing and assembly for both higher and lower complexity products. 
 
 As one of the largest global manufacturing solutions providers, we are able to capitalize on our competitive strengths including our: 
 
 customer-focused organization with 35,000 employees; 
 mission critical end-to-end solutions; 
 product design and engineering resources; 
 vertically integrated global/regional manufacturing capabilities; 
 comprehensive IT systems and a flexible global supplier base; 
 expertise in serving diverse end markets; and 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 expertise in industry standards and regulatory requirements. 
 
 Industry Overview 
 
 EMS companies are the principal beneficiaries of the increased use of outsourced manufacturing services by the electronics and other industries. Outsourced manufacturing refers to an OEM's use of EMS companies to manufacture their products, rather than using internal manufacturing resources. As the EMS industry has evolved, OEMs have increased their reliance on EMS companies for end-to-end services including product design and engineering, manufacturing, high-level assembly and test, direct-order-fulfillment and logistics services, after-market product service and support, and global supply chain management. 
 
 We believe OEMs will continue to outsource manufacturing because it allows them to: 
 
 focus on core competencies; 
 access leading design and engineering capabilities; 
 optimize their supply chain while reducing risk and maximizing purchasing power; 
 reduce operating costs and capital investment; 
 access global manufacturing services; and 
 accelerate time to market. 
 
 Our Business Strategy 
 
 Our vision is to be the trusted leader in providing mission critical products, services and supply chain solutions to accelerate customer success. Key elements of our business strategy to deliver this vision include: 
 
 Capitalizing on Our Comprehensive Solutions. Capitalizing on our end-to-end solutions allows us to sell additional solutions to our existing customers and attract new customers. Our end-to-end solutions include product design and engineering, manufacturing, high-level assembly and test, direct order fulfillment and logistics services, after-market product service and support, and global supply chain management. Our vertically integrated manufacturing solutions enable us to manufacture additional system components and subassemblies for our customers. When we provide a customer with a number of services, such as component manufacturing or higher value-added solutions, we can often improve our margins and profitability. Consequently, our goal is to increase the number of manufacturing programs for which we provide multiple solutions. To achieve this goal, our sales and marketing organization seeks to cross-sell our solutions to customers. 
 
 Extending Our Technology Capabilities. We rely on advanced processes and technologies to provide our products, components and vertically integrated manufacturing solutions. We continually improve our manufacturing processes and develop more advanced technologies, providing a competitive advantage to our customers. We work with our customers to anticipate their future product and manufacturing requirements and align our technology investment activities with their needs. We use our design expertise to develop product technology platforms that we can customize by incorporating other components and subassemblies to meet the needs of particular OEMs. These technologies enhance our ability to manufacture complex, high-value added products, maximizing our potential to continue to win business from existing and new customers. 
 
 Attracting and Retaining Long-Term Customer Partnerships. A core component of our strategy is to attract, build and retain long-term partnerships with companies in growth industries that will benefit from our global footprint and unique value proposition in advanced electronics manufacturing. 
 
 Promoting New Product Introduction (NPI) and Joint Design Manufacturing (JDM) Solutions. As a result of customer feedback and our customers' desire to manage research and development expenses, we offer product design services to develop systems and components jointly with our customers. Our NPI services include quick-turn prototyping, supply chain readiness, functional test development, and release-to-volume production. In a JDM model, our customers bring market knowledge and product requirements, and we bring complete design engineering and NPI services. Our design engineering offerings include product architecture development, detailed design, simulation, test and validation, system integration, regulatory and qualification services. 
 
 Continuing to Penetrate Diverse End Markets. We focus our marketing and sales efforts on major end markets within the electronics technology industry. We target markets we believe offer significant growth opportunities and for which OEMs sell mission critical products that are subject to strict regulatory requirements and/or rapid technological change because the 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 manufacturing of these products requires higher value-added services. We seek to diversify our business across market segments and customers to reduce our dependence on any particular market or customer. 
 
 Pursuing Strategic Transactions. We continually seek to identify and undertake strategic transactions that give us the opportunity to grow our business by accessing new customers' products, manufacturing solutions, repair service capabilities, intellectual property, technologies and geographic markets. In addition, we plan to continue to pursue OEM divestiture transactions that will augment existing strategic customer relationships or build new relationships with customers in attractive end markets. In an OEM divestiture transaction, we purchase manufacturing assets and hire employees from a customer and enter into a long-term supply agreement with such customer to provide products previously manufactured by them. Potential future transactions may include a variety of different business arrangements, including acquisitions, asset purchases, spin-offs, strategic partnerships, restructurings and divestitures. 
 
 Continuing to Seek Cost Savings and Efficiency Improvements. We seek to optimize our facilities to provide cost-effective services for our customers. We continue to invest in factory automation, process improvements, robotics and AI to further enhance our efficiency output. We maintain extensive operations in lower cost locations, including Latin America, Eastern Europe, China, Southeast Asia and India, and we plan to expand our presence in these lower cost locations as appropriate, taking into consideration tariffs and other factors, to meet the needs of our customers. We believe we are well positioned to take advantage of future opportunities on a global/regional basis as a result of our existing manufacturing footprint in 20 countries on six continents. 
 
 COVID-19 
 
 Our results of operations have been negatively impacted by rapidly changing market and economic conditions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as by numerous measures imposed by government authorities to try to contain the virus. These conditions and measures disrupted our operations and those of our customers, interrupted the supply of components, temporarily limited the types of products we could manufacture and the capacity of our logistics providers to deliver those products, and resulted in temporary closures of manufacturing sites and reduced staffing as mandated by government orders. Although employee infections have not yet had a significant impact on our operations, these conditions and measures require us to perform contact tracing, exclude potentially infected employees from the workplace and clean work areas used by infected employees. 
 
 We are unable to accurately predict the full impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on us due to a number of uncertainties, including the duration of ongoing supply chain constraints directly and indirectly caused by the pandemic, the extent of the impact of the pandemic on our customers' businesses, the number of employees who may become infected or exposed to infected persons whom we would then be required to exclude from our plants, the need for temporary plant closures caused by large scale employee infections, the duration of the outbreak, the continued efficacy and availability of COVID-19 vaccines, the geographic locations of any future outbreaks, including outbreaks caused by variants of COVID-19 and actions that government authorities may take in response, such as the potential reimposition of government restrictions on staffing and the types of products we are permitted to build. However, we believe it is likely that the pandemic will continue to have a negative impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition for the foreseeable future. 
 
 Our Competitive Strengths 
 
 We believe our competitive strengths differentiate us from our competitors and enable us to better serve the needs of OEMs. Our competitive strengths include: 
 
 End-to-End Solutions. We provide solutions throughout the world to support our customers' products during their entire life cycle, from product design and engineering, through manufacturing, to direct order fulfillment, logistics and after-market product service and support. Our end-to-end solutions are among the most comprehensive in the industry because we focus on adding value before and after the actual manufacturing of our customers' products. These solutions also enable us to 1) provide our customers with a single source of supply for their design, supply chain and manufacturing needs, 2) reduce the time required to bring products to market, 3) lower product costs and 4) allow our customers to focus on those activities they expect to add the highest value to their business. We believe our end-to-end solutions allow us to develop closer relationships with our customers and more effectively compete for their future business. 
 
 Product Design and Engineering Resources. We provide product design and engineering services for new product designs, cost reductions and Design-for-Manufacturability/Assembly/Test (DFx). Our engineers work with our customers during the complete product life cycle. Our design and NPI centers provide turnkey system design services, including: 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 electrical, mechanical, thermal, software, layout, simulation, test development, design verification, validation, regulatory compliance and testing services. We design high-speed digital, analog, radio frequency, mixed-signal, wired, wireless, optical and electro-mechanical modules and systems. 
 
 Our engineering engagement models include Joint Design Manufacturing (JDM), Contract Design Manufacturing (CDM) and consulting engineering for DFx, Value Engineering (cost reduction re-design), and design for global environmental compliance regulations such as the European Union's Restrictions of Hazardous Substances (RoHS) and Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE). We focus on industry segments that include industrial, medical, defense and aerospace, automotive, communications networks and cloud solutions. System solutions for these industry segments are supported by our vertically integrated component technologies, namely printed circuit boards, backplanes, enclosures, cable assemblies, precision machining, plastics, memory modules, and optical, RF and microelectronics modules. 
 
 In these engagement models, our customers bring market knowledge and product requirements. We provide complete design engineering and new product introductions (NPI) services. For JDM products, typically the intellectual property is jointly owned by us and the customer, and we perform manufacturing and logistics services. For CDM projects, customers pay for all services and own the intellectual property. 
 
 Vertically Integrated Manufacturing Solutions. We provide a range of vertically integrated manufacturing solutions, including high-technology components, new product introduction and test development services. These solutions are provided in every major region worldwide, with design and prototyping close to our customer s product development centers. Our customers benefit significantly from our experience in these areas, including product cost reduction, minimization of assets deployed for manufacturing, accelerated time-to-market and a simplified supply chain. Key system components we manufacture include high-technology printed circuit boards and printed circuit board assemblies, backplanes and backplane assemblies, enclosures, cable assemblies, plastic injection molded products, precision machined components, optical and RF modules and memory modules. These components and sub-assemblies are integrated into a final product or system, configured and tested to our customer s or the end-customer s specifications and delivered to the final point of use, with us managing the entire supply chain. By manufacturing system components and subassemblies ourselves, we enhance continuity of supply and reduce costs for our customers. 
 
 Customers also benefit from our combined design, technology and manufacturing experience with specific products and markets. For example, in communications networks, we have over 40 years of experience in developing high-speed printed circuit boards (PCBs) and backplanes. Examples of products for which our experience and vertically integrated model provide competitive advantage include wireless base stations, network switches, routers and gateways, optical switches, servers and storage appliances, automotive products, avionics and satellite systems, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and computer tomography (CT) scanners, and equipment used in semiconductor manufacturing processes, including equipment for photolithography, chemical mechanical polishing, vapor deposition and robotics for wafer transfer. For these and many other products, customers can gain competitive advantage with our manufacturing technology, while reducing the capital requirements associated with manufacturing and global supply chain management. 
 
 Advanced Component Technologies. We provide advanced component technologies, which we believe allow us to differentiate ourselves from our competitors. These advanced technologies include the fabrication of complex printed circuit boards, backplanes, enclosures, cable assemblies, precision machining, plastics, memory modules, and optical, RF and microelectronics modules. For example, we produce some of the most advanced printed circuit boards and backplanes in the world, with up to 70 layers, that are manufactured with a range of low signal loss, high-performance materials and include features such as buried capacitance and thin-film resistors, high-density interconnects and micro via technology. We also manufacture high-density flex and rigid-flex printed circuit boards with up to 32 layers and 8 transition layers for the defense and aerospace markets and high-end medical electronics market. 
 
 Our printed circuit board assembly technologies include micro ball grid arrays, chip scale packages, fine-pitch discretes and small form factor radio frequency and optical components, chip on board, as well as advanced packaging technologies used in high pin count applications for specific integrated circuits and network processors. We use innovative design solutions and advanced metal forming techniques to develop and fabricate high-performance indoor and outdoor chassis, enclosures, racks and frames. Our assembly services use advanced technologies, including precision optical alignment, multi-axis precision stages and machine vision technologies. We use sophisticated procurement and production management tools to effectively manage inventories for our customers and ourselves. We have also developed build-to-order (BTO) and configure-to-order (CTO) systems and processes that enable us to manufacture and ship finished systems in as little as 8 hours after receipt of an order. We utilize a centralized Technology Council to coordinate the development and introduction of new 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 technologies to meet our customers' needs in various locations and to increase technical collaboration among our facilities and divisions. 
 
 Global Manufacturing Capabilities. Most of our customers compete and sell their products on a global basis. As such, they require global solutions that include regional manufacturing for selected end markets, especially when time to market, local manufacturing or content and low cost solutions are critical objectives. Our global network of manufacturing facilities in 20 countries provides our customers a combination of sites to maximize both the benefits of regional and low cost manufacturing solutions and repair services, and to help alleviate tariff costs. In addition to our manufacturing and repair locations in 20 countries, we support our customers logistics and repair requirements through a certified partner network worldwide. 
 
 We offer customers five regions in which all of our technology and components, integrated manufacturing and logistics solutions can be implemented and can serve both regional and global business needs. To manage and coordinate our global operations, we employ an enterprise-wide Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system at substantially all of our manufacturing locations that operates on a single IT platform and provides us with company-wide inventory planning and purchasing capabilities. This system enables us to standardize planning and purchasing at the facility level and to help optimize inventory visibility and management, improve asset utilization worldwide and reduce risk throughout the entire product lifecycle. Our systems also enable our customers to receive key information regarding the status of their programs. 
 
 We purchase large quantities of electronic components and other materials from a wide range of suppliers. We are committed to selecting ethical business partners that adhere to the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) Code of Conduct. Our primary supply chain goal is to consolidate our global spend to create the synergy and leverage to drive our supply base for better cost competitiveness, more favorable terms and leading-edge supply chain solutions. As a result, we often receive more favorable terms and supply chain solutions from suppliers, which generally enables us to provide our customers with greater total cost reductions than they could obtain themselves. Our strong supplier relationships are beneficial when electronic components and other materials are in short supply and provide us the necessary support to better optimize the use of our inventories. 
 
 Supply chain management also involves the planning, purchasing, transportation and warehousing of product components. We use state of the art production management systems to manage our procurement and manufacturing processes in an efficient and cost effective manner. We collaborate with our customers to enable us to respond to their changing component requirements and to reflect any changes in these requirements in our ERP system. This system enables us to forecast future supply and demand imbalances and develop strategies to help our customers manage their component requirements, especially during supply shortages that have affected our industry in the past. Our enterprise-wide ERP systems provide us with company-wide information regarding component inventories and orders to help optimize inventories, planning and purchasing at the facility level. 
 
 Customer-Focused Organization . We believe customer relationships are critical to our success and we are focused on providing a high level of customer service. Account teams led by global account managers are directly responsible for account management. Global account managers coordinate the additional resource required to facilitate the customer-specific solutions. As needed, these teams may include subject matter experts in design, specific technology components, services, products, and supply chain. These teams create the hub for interaction between the customer and our locations, providing local support to customer worldwide. 
 
 Expertise in Serving Diverse End Markets. We have experience in serving our customers in the industrial, medical, defense and aerospace, automotive, communications networks and cloud solutions end markets. Our diversification across end markets reduces our dependence upon any one customer or end market. In order to cater to the specialized needs of customers in particular market segments, we have dedicated personnel, and in some cases facilities, with industry-specific capabilities and expertise. 
 
 Expertise in Industry Standards and Regulatory Requirements. We maintain compliance with industry standards and regulatory requirements applicable to certain markets, including, among others, medical, automotive, energy and defense and aerospace. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Our Products and Solutions 
 
 We offer our OEM customers a diverse set of products and solutions with a focus on wireless, wireline and optical communications and network infrastructure equipment, such as switches, routers and base stations, computing and storage systems, defense and commercial avionics and communications, medical imaging, diagnostic and patient monitoring systems, semiconductor tools for metrology, lithography, dry and wet processing, industrial products, including large format printers and automated teller machines, energy and clean technology products such as solar and wind energy components, LED lighting, smart meters and battery systems, electric vehicle power control (and charging) systems, automotive infotainment devices, and automotive engine-control modules. These products may require us to use some or all of our end-to-end solutions, including design, component technologies and logistics and repair services. 
 
 Integrated Manufacturing Solutions includes: 
 
 Printed Circuit Board Assembly and Test. To meet the ever-changing needs across our diverse customer base, we continue to evolve in support of their current and future requirements. PCBAs are at the core of all electronic systems, and we continue to work to ensure that our PCBA manufacturing capabilities are aligned with the requirements for such systems. Printed circuit board assembly involves attaching electronic components, such as integrated circuits, capacitors, microprocessors, resistors, memory modules, and connectors to printed circuit boards. The most common technologies used to attach components to printed circuit boards employ surface mount technology (SMT) and pin-through-hole assembly (PTH) and press-fit technology for connectors. We use SMT, PTH, press-fit and other attachment technologies focused on miniaturization and increasing the density of component placement on printed circuit boards. These technologies, which support the needs of our customers to provide greater functionality in smaller products, include chip-scale packaging, ball grid array, direct chip attach and high density interconnect. We perform in-circuit and functional testing of printed circuit board assemblies. In-circuit testing verifies that all components are properly inserted and attached and that electrical circuits are complete. We perform functional tests to confirm the board or assembly operates in accordance with its final design and manufacturing specifications. We design and procure test fixtures and develop our own test software or use our customers' test fixtures and test software. In addition, we provide environmental stress tests of the board or assembly that are designed to confirm that the board or assembly will meet the environmental stresses, such as heat, to which it will be subjected. 
 
 High-Level Assembly and Test. We provide high-level assembly and test in which assemblies and modules are combined to form complete, finished products. Examples include complex electro-mechanical assemblies, fluid and blood analysis systems, food dispensing equipment, diagnostic medical devices, high-voltage power management systems, rotating x-ray equipment for airport security, particle analyzers for homeland security and motorized magnetic resonance imaging units. Our facilities also support full system level assembly and test and logistic support for a variety of complex electronic systems, including radio base stations and transmission equipment for 5G wireless networks, optical central offices and wireline switching and routing hardware, server and storage systems for data centers, carriers central offices and video streaming service providers, surgical controllers, ultrasound systems, patient monitoring systems, automotive sensor assemblies and power control modules. With decades of experience in automated system assembly and test, we have focused on glucose meters, disposable sensors, IOT communication modules and disposable drug delivery systems. These products require highly specialized manufacturing capabilities and processes, as well as integrated IT systems and, in some cases, industry-specific certifications. 
 
 Direct-Order-Fulfillment. We provide direct-order-fulfillment for our OEM customers. Direct-order-fulfillment involves receiving customer orders, configuring products to quickly fill the orders and delivering the products either to the OEM, a distribution channel, or directly to the end customer. We manage our direct-order-fulfillment processes using a core set of common systems and processes that receive order information from the customer and provide comprehensive supply chain management, including procurement and production planning. These systems and processes enable us to process orders for multiple system configurations and varying production quantities including single units. Our direct-order-fulfillment services include BTO and CTO capabilities: in BTO, we build a system with the particular configuration ordered by the OEM customer; in CTO, we configure systems to an end customer's order, for example by installing software desired by the end customer. The end customer typically places this order by choosing from a variety of possible system configurations and options. Using advanced manufacturing processes and a real-time warehouse management and data control system on the manufacturing floor, we can usually meet a 48 to 72 hour turn-around-time for BTO and CTO requests. We support our direct-order-fulfillment services with logistics that include delivery of parts and assemblies to the final assembly site, distribution and shipment of finished systems and processing of customer returns. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Components, Products and Services includes: 
 
 Product Design and Engineering. Our design and engineering groups provide customers with comprehensive services from initial product design and detailed product development to prototyping and validation, production launch and end-of-life support for a wide range of products covering all our market segments. These groups complement our vertically integrated manufacturing capabilities by providing component level design services for printed circuit boards, backplanes and a variety of electro-mechanical systems. Our offerings in design engineering include product architecture, detailed development, simulation, test and validation, integration and regulatory and qualification services, and our NPI services include quick-turn prototypes, functional test development and release-to-volume production. We also offer post-manufacturing and end-of-life support, including repair and sustaining engineering support through our Global Services division. We can also complement our customer's design team with our unique skills and services which can be used to develop custom, high-performance products that are manufacturable and cost optimized to meet product and market requirements. Such engineering services can help in improving a customer s time-to-market and cost-to-market objectives. 
 
 Printed Circuit Boards. We have the ability to produce multilayer printed circuit boards on a global basis with high layer counts and fine line circuitry. We currently produce printed circuit boards with up to 70 layers and circuit trace widths as narrow as two mils (50 microns). Specialized production equipment along with an in-depth understanding of high performance laminate materials allow us to fabricate some of the largest form factor and highest speed circuit boards in the industry. 
 
 Our ability to support NPI and quick-turn fabrication followed by manufacturing in both North America and Asia allows our customers to accelerate their time-to-market as well as their time-to-volume. Standardized processes and procedures make transitioning of products easier for our customers. Our worldwide engineering teams support designers in Design for Manufacturability (DFM) analysis and assemblers with field applications support. 
 
 Backplanes and Backplane Assemblies. Backplanes are typically very large printed circuit boards that serve as the backbones of sophisticated electronics products, such as internet routers. Backplanes provide interconnections for printed circuit board assemblies, power supplies, and other electronic components. We fabricate backplanes in our printed circuit board factories. Backplane fabrication is significantly more complex than printed circuit board fabrication due to the large size and thickness of the backplanes. We manufacture backplane assemblies by press-fitting high density connectors into plated through-holes in the fabricated backplane. In addition, many of the newer, advanced technology backplanes require SMT attachment of passive discrete components as well as active high-pin count ball grid array packages. These advanced assembly processes require specialized equipment and a strong focus on quality and process control. We also perform in-circuit and functional tests on backplane assemblies. We have developed proprietary technologies and process know-how which enable backplanes to run at data rates in excess of 50 gigahertz. We currently have capabilities to manufacture backplanes at greater than 60 layers in sizes up to 26x40 inches and up to a nominal thickness of 0.425 inches and in a wide variety of high performance laminate materials. These are among the largest and most complex commercially manufactured backplanes and the test equipment we have ensures the quality and performance of these backplane systems is world class. We are not only fully capable of the electronic integrity testing of these backplanes, but can also utilize state of the art x-ray equipment to verify defect-free installation of the new high density/high speed connectors. Lastly, performance of the backplane system is checked through a signal integrity tester to ensure the product will meet its design intent. We are one of a limited number of manufacturers with this comprehensive suite of capabilities. 
 
 Cable Assemblies. Cable assemblies are used to connect modules, assemblies and subassemblies in electronic devices. We provide a broad range of cable assembly products and services, from cable assemblies and harnesses for automobiles, to complex harnesses for industrial products and semiconductor manufacturing equipment. We design and manufacture a broad range of high-speed data, radio frequency and fiber optic cabling products. Our cable assemblies are often used in large rack systems to interconnect subsystems and modules. Our manufacturing footprint with facilities in the U.S., Mexico, the EU and China enables us to support our customers NPI and volume production needs on a global basis. 
 
 Plastic Injection Molded Products. Plastic injection molded products are used to create a vast array of everyday items, from very small intricate mechanical components, to cosmetic enclosures designed to protect sensitive electronic equipment. Our diverse capability within the plastic injection molding space spans all major markets and industries. We are equipped with nearly 80 plastic injection molding machines with clamping pressure ranging from 28 tons to 1,000 tons. Our experienced tooling, process, quality and resin engineers work concurrently using a scientific molding approach to develop cost effective, highly reliable manufacturing solutions for medical, industrial, defense, multimedia, computing and data storage customers. We apply the principles of scientific molding, combined with strategic partnerships with U.S. and Asian toolmakers, to enable delivery of cost effective high-quality plastic manufacturing solutions. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Mechanical Systems. Mechanical systems are used across all major markets to house and protect complex, critical and fragile electronic components, modules and sub-systems so that the system's functional performance is not compromised due to mechanical, environmental or any other usage conditions. Our mechanical systems manufacturing services are capable of fabricating mechanical components, such as cabinets, chassis (via soft tool and hard progressive tools), frames, racks, and data storage enclosures integrated with various electronic components and sub-systems with power management, thermal management, sensing functions and control systems. 
 
 We manufacture a broad range of enclosures for a wide range of products from set-top boxes, medical equipment, alternative energy storage, data management shelves and data storage, to large and highly complex mechanical systems, such as those used in indoor and outdoor wireless base station products and high precision vacuum chambers for the semiconductor, telecom, networking, healthcare, aerospace and homeland security industries. 
 
 Our mechanical systems expertise is available at several of our state-of-the-art facilities worldwide. Our operations provide metal fabrication by soft tools methodology, high-volume metal stamping and forging by hard tools with stage and progressive tools, plastic injection molding, robotic welding, powder coating, wet painting, plating and cleaning processes. 
 
 We also offer a suite of world-class precision machining services in the U.S., Mexico and Israel. We use advanced numerically controlled machines enabling the manufacture of components to very tight tolerances and the assembly of these components in clean environments. Our capabilities include complex medium and large format mill and lathe machining of aluminum, stainless steel, plastics, ferrous and nonferrous alloys and exotic alloys. We also have helium and hydrostatic leak-test capabilities. By leveraging our established supply chain, we do lapping, anodizing, electrical discharge machining (EDM), heat-treating, cleaning, laser inspection, painting and packaging. We have dedicated facilities supporting machining and complex integration with access to a range of state-of-the-art, computer-controlled machining equipment that can satisfy rigorous demands for production and quality meeting very tight tolerances. This includes fully automated lights-out machinery that continues production in the absence of human operators and can operate 24/7. With some of the largest horizontal milling machines in the U.S., we are a supplier of vacuum chamber systems for the semiconductor, flat-panel display, LED equipment, industrial, medical and AS9100-certified aerospace markets. 
 
 Advanced Micro Systems Technologies . Optical and radio frequency (RF) components built off of advanced micro-electronics are key building blocks of many systems. Our Advanced Micro Systems Technologies product technology and engineering division focuses on optical, RF and microelectronics (microE) design and manufacturing services. Our mission is to deliver leading-edge technology solutions that enable our customer products while optimizing the value and performance of our customers applications. 
 
 Based on our microelectronic design and advanced manufacturing technologies, built off Advanced Micro Systems Technologies foundational IP, we provide RF and optical components, modules and systems for customers across many industries including the communications, networking, automotive, medical, industrial, military and aerospace markets. Within the Advanced Micro Systems Technologies Division, we produce both passive and active optical components as well as modules that are built from a combination of industry standard and/or custom components and interconnected using microelectronic and micro-optic technologies to achieve a unique function. Our experience in RF and optical communication and networking products spans long-haul/ultra-long-haul and metro applications for transport/transmission, as well as broadband access and switching applications, including last-mile solutions. We currently supply optical products ranging from 10G to 400G to the optical communication marketplace. For the medical end market, we develop components and subassemblies that support Sanmina s medical manufacturing operations for products such as blood analyzers, food contamination analyzers, and specialized optical spectrometers and fluorometers utilizing the latest optical technologies. In the automotive and industrial end markets, we are working with customers on next generation photonics based Lidar product offerings. 
 
 Our Advanced Micro Systems Technologies service offerings are designed to deliver end-to-end solutions with special focus on product design, test infrastructure development and commercialization, along with optical module and mmWave RF components and module manufacturing. Customers can couple these components with Sanmina s broader IMS services of blade server manufacturing, as well as system integration and test, providing a complete end-to-end solution for their customers. 

10 

Table of Contents 

 Viking Technology. Viking Technology supplies leading edge Solid State Drives (SSD), DRAM memory modules and Non-Volatile DIMMs (NVDIMM), along with state-of-the-art Microelectronics Multi-Chip Package (MCP) memory solutions. 
 
 Viking Technology provides DRAM memory and flash storage solutions, including high-performance computing SSDs tailored, high reliable / high performance small form factor flash and DRAM modules, to diverse application for the networking, industrial, data center, transportation, medical, AI to military markets. 
 
 To continue its leadership in the memory space, Viking Technology has invested in several advanced packaging technologies and products, such as multi-chip packaging, system-in-package, and rugged, reliable and secure storage class memory solutions. These investments have enabled Viking Technology to support a wider range of markets and applications. Viking Technology will continue its focus on the enterprise and embedded markets with further emphasis on markets such as military, defense and aerospace and industrial/automotive applications. 
 
 Viking Enterprise Solutions. Viking Enterprise Solutions (VES) is a market leader in high-performance storage platforms for hyperscale and enterprise data centers worldwide. Leveraging our portfolio of proven product designs, Viking Enterprise Solutions provides advanced data center products, including NVMe flash memory and disk-based storage server appliances, JBOD storage systems and related products for a variety of storage and data center applications including rack scale solutions. With advances in interconnect speeds and architectural changes to disaggregate storage and compute for scale, Viking Enterprise Solutions is well positioned with a product portfolio to take advantage of these trends. 
 
 VES provides end-to-end, design and manufacturing solutions for both platform-based and fully customized data center products. From our US-based design and development team, we provide a full array of design services from early product conceptualization, through design, product validation and world-wide product certifications. In addition, VES supports all phases of product manufacturing, including NPI, support for unique product configurations, RMA and product end-of-life support. 
 
 SCI Technology Inc. (SCI). SCI has provided engineering services, products, manufacturing, test, and depot and repair solutions to the global defense and aerospace industry for nearly 60 years. SCI offers advanced products for aircraft systems and tactical communications, unmanned aerial systems and components, counter-unmanned aerial systems and components, and fiber-optics capabilities for use in a variety of defense-related applications. 
 
 SCI's customers include U.S. government agencies, U.S. allies and major defense and aerospace prime contractors. SCI has the infrastructure and facility security clearance to support the stringent certifications, regulations, processes and procedures required by these customers. 
 
 Global Services. We offer fulfillment and integration services, after-market services and life cycle management services to support the needs of customers in the communications, embedded computing, medical, industrial, 3D printing, and automotive markets worldwide. Through our operational infrastructure of 30 Sanmina Global Services sites and a 31 site qualified repair partner network, we provide a wide range of services, including direct-order-fulfillment, integration and configure-to-order, high-level assembly, inventory and warranty management, repair, refurbishment, manufacturing, triage screening, advanced exchange, life-extension services, end of life and obsolescence management as well as sustaining and reverse engineering. 
 
 Drawing on a robust set of information systems, we offer configurable environments tailored to meet specific customer needs, including customized web portals, order and serial number tracking, special routings and marketing promotions. Local, regional and global solutions are supported by a robust set of business processes that focus on quick-turn, inventory reduction and risk mitigation. This can improve cycle times by leveraging infrastructure, people and technology to enable reliable shipments of products to end users worldwide generally within 24 to 72 hours, depending on our customer s requirements. 
 
 Global Services complement our end-to-end manufacturing strategy by integrating engineering, supply chain, manufacturing, logistics and repair into a seamless solution for customers, for both Sanmina manufactured, and non-Sanmina manufactured products around the world. 
 
 42Q. 42Q provides an innovative, world-class cloud-based manufacturing execution solution (MES) that is scalable, flexible, secure and easy to implement. Our solution provides customers advantages in efficiencies and costs relative 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 to legacy systems and offers traceability and genealogy, multi-plant visibility, compliance management and on-demand work instructions. 
 
 Our End Markets 
 
 We target markets that we believe offer significant growth opportunities and in which OEMs sell complex mission critical products that are subject to strict regulatory requirements and/or rapid technological change. We believe that markets involving complex, rapidly changing products offer opportunities to produce products with higher margins because they require higher value-added manufacturing services and may also include our advanced vertically integrated components. Our diversification across market segments and customers helps mitigate our dependence on any particular market or customer. 
 
 Industrial/Medical/Defense/Automotive 
 
 Industrial. We provide design and engineering, end-to-end component and complex assembly services to the industrial market. We support a wide range of segments, including transportation, power management, industrial controls, instrumentation and test equipment, inspection and public safety equipment, capital equipment, and self-service kiosk solutions. Our significant experience in the precision machining of components is utilized in highly complex systems such as vacuum chambers, photolithography tools, etch tools, wafer handling systems, airport security, 3D printing, flat panel display test and repair equipment, chem-mech planarization tools, optical inspection and x-ray equipment, explosive detection equipment, and large format printing machines. We have specialized and dedicated facilities for the assembly of large / complex electro-mechanical, thermal and liquid-management equipment for applications, including ATMs, beverage dispensing, cash-counting and management systems, industrial printers and semiconductor capital equipment. 
 
 We are committed to serving companies that are leading the energy and clean technology revolution in the solar, wind, battery systems, LED lighting fixtures (including indoor, outdoor, industrial-grade and construction lighting products), and smart infrastructure industries. Clean technology customers benefit from our end-to-end solutions in areas related to power electronics, control and distribution, smart meters and full-system integration of complex industrial power inverters. In addition, our extensive range of electro-mechanical design and complex system manufacturing capabilities are an excellent fit across all clean technology segments. Our design and manufacturing operations are strategically located in close proximity to clean technology business hubs. 
 
 Medical. We provide comprehensive manufacturing and related services to the medical industry, including design, logistics, repair and regulatory services. The design, manufacturing and repair of products for the medical industry often requires compliance with domestic and foreign regulations, including the Food and Drug Administration's (FDA's) quality system regulations and the European Union's medical device directive. In addition to complying with these standards, our medical facilities comply with ISO 13485 (formerly EN 46002) and ISO 9001, where required. We manufacture components, sub-assemblies and systems for a broad range of medical devices, including blood glucose meters, disposable sensors and insulin pumps, computed tomography scanner assemblies, respiration systems, blood analyzers, molecular diagnostic systems, cosmetic surgery systems, ultrasound imaging systems and a variety of patient monitoring equipment. 
 
 Defense. We provide our end-to-end services to the defense, aerospace and high-reliability electronics industry. We design, manufacture and support a comprehensive range of defense and aerospace products, including avionics systems and processors, cockpit and wireless communications systems, tactical and secure network communications systems, radar subsystems, machine vision systems, unmanned aircraft airframes and avionics, and fiber-optic systems, security and bomb detection for defense related applications. We believe our experience, as well as product design and engineering capabilities, are key competitive strengths in these markets. 
 
 Automotive. We provide manufacturing services to the automotive industry for sensors, controllers, engine control units, infotainment modules, eMobility sub-modules, LIDAR, Electric Vehicle (EV) charging system sub-modules, heating ventilation and air-conditioning (HVAC) control modules, a wide array of LED (Light Emitting Diode) interior and exterior light assemblies, as well as cables for interconnect solutions. We also provide design support, product and process qualification, manufacturing, supply chain management, supplier quality assurance and end-of-life services. Substantially all of our automotive facilities are IATF 16949 certified and produce printed circuit boards, printed circuit board assemblies, cable assemblies and higher level electronic assemblies. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Communications Networks Cloud Solutions 
 
 Communications Networks. In the communications sector, we leverage our extensive product design and engineering capabilities to develop and manufacture advanced communications products and components for LTE, 5G and microwave wireless RF filters and antennas, wireline access, switching, routing, optical networking and transmission and enterprise networking systems. Products we manufacture include wireless base stations, remote radio heads and small cells, point-to-point microwave systems and other fronthaul/backhaul solutions, satellite receivers and various radio frequency appliances, optical PON, metro and long-haul, transmission hardware and switching along with core, service and edge routers. We also design and manufacture advanced optical, RF and microelectronic components which are key elements in many of these products. 
 
 Cloud Solutions . We provide comprehensive design and manufacturing solutions, as well as BTO and CTO services, to the embedded computing and data storage markets. We tightly couple our vertically integrated supply chain with manufacturing and logistics enabling the assembly and distribution of products all over the world. In addition, we manufacture a broad range of products with embedded processor capabilities, including digital home gateways, professional audio-video equipment, a variety of touch-screen equipment and internet connected entertainment devices. Our vertical integration capabilities include racks, enclosures, cables, complex multi-layer printed circuit boards, printed circuit board assemblies and backplanes, fiber optics and high-level assembly and test, direct order fulfillment and repair services. In addition, we have designed and developed some of the most compact and powerful storage modules available in the market today, which we have coupled with our global, vertically integrated supply chain to deliver some of the most compelling embedded computing and storage solutions to the data storage industry. 
 
 Customers 
 
 Sales to our ten largest customers typically represent approximately 50 of our net sales. Nokia represented 10 or more of our net sales in 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 
 We seek to establish and maintain long-term relationships with our customers. Historically, we have had substantial recurring sales from existing customers. We seek to expand our customer base through our marketing and sales efforts as well as acquisitions. We have been successful in broadening relationships with customers by providing vertically integrated products and services as well as multiple products and services in multiple locations. 
 
 We typically enter into supply agreements with our major OEM customers with terms ranging from three to five years. Our supply agreements generally do not obligate the customer to purchase minimum quantities of products. However, the customer is typically liable for the cost of the materials and components we have ordered to meet their production forecast but which are not used, provided that the material was ordered in accordance with an agreed-upon procurement plan. In some cases, the procurement plan contains provisions regarding the types of materials for which our customers will assume responsibility. Our supply agreements generally contain provisions permitting cancellation and rescheduling of orders upon notice and are subject to cancellation charges and, in some cases, rescheduling charges. Order cancellation charges vary by product type, depending how far in advance of shipment a customer notifies us of an order cancellation. In some circumstances, our supply agreements with customers include provisions for cost reduction objectives during the term of the agreement, which can have the effect of reducing revenue and profitability from these arrangements. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Because of the diversity of our customer base, we generally have not experienced significant seasonality in our business in recent years. However, we cannot predict whether this trend will continue. 
 
 Backlog 
 
 We generally do not obtain firm, long-term commitments from our customers and our customers usually do not make firm orders for product delivery more than thirty to ninety days in advance. Additionally, customers may cancel or postpone scheduled deliveries, in some cases without significant penalty. Therefore, we do not believe the backlog of expected product sales covered by firm orders is a meaningful measure of future sales. 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 
 We develop relationships with our customers and market our vertically integrated manufacturing solutions through our sales and marketing staff. Our sales team works closely with our customers' engineering and technical personnel to understand 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 their strategy and roadmaps to enable their go-to-market strategy. Our sales and marketing staff supports our business strategy of providing end-to-end solutions by encouraging cross-selling vertically integrated manufacturing solutions and component manufacturing across a broad range of major OEM products. We utilize our existing technical capabilities in design, technology components, and complex assembly, integration, and after-sales services to provide tailored solutions to our customers. With our extensive market knowledge and global footprint, we can align these solutions to our facilities in each region around the world. 
 
 Our structure supports this strategy with global customer-centric account teams. Each account team is led by a global account manager who is directly responsible for account management. Global account managers coordinate the resources required to facilitate the customer-specific solutions. As needed, these teams may include subject matter experts in design, specific technology components, services, products, and supply chain. These teams create a hub for interaction between the customer and Sanmina locations, providing local support to customer worldwide. 
 
 Competition 
 
 For our integrated manufacturing solutions business, we face competition from other major global EMS companies such as Benchmark Electronics, Inc., Celestica, Inc., Flex Ltd., Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., Ltd. (Foxconn), Jabil Inc. and Plexus Corp. Our components, products and services business faces competition from EMS and non-EMS companies that often have a regional product, service or industry-specific focus. In addition, our potential customers may also compare the benefits of outsourcing their manufacturing to us with the merits of manufacturing products themselves. 
 
 We compete with different companies depending on the type of solution or geographic area. We believe the primary competitive factors in our industry include manufacturing technology, quality, global footprint, delivery, responsiveness, provision of value-added solutions and price. We believe our primary competitive strengths include our ability to provide mission critical end-to-end solutions, product design and engineering resources, vertically integrated manufacturing solutions, advanced technologies, global manufacturing capabilities, global supplier base, customer focus and responsiveness, expertise in serving diverse end markets, and expertise in industry standards and regulatory requirements. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 We hold U.S. and foreign patents and patent applications relating to, among other things, printed circuit board manufacturing technology, enclosures, cables, memory modules, optical technology, medical devices and computing and storage. For other proprietary processes, we rely primarily on trade secret protection. A number of our patents have expired or will expire in the near term. The expiration and abandonment of patents reduces our ability to assert claims against competitors or others who use similar technologies and to license such patents to third parties. We have registered a number of trademarks and have pending trademark applications in both the U.S. and internationally. 
 
 Compliance with Government Regulations 
 
 Environmental Regulations 
 
 We are subject to a variety of local, state, federal and foreign environmental laws and regulations relating to the storage and use of hazardous materials used in our manufacturing processes, as well as the storage, treatment, discharge, emission and disposal of hazardous waste that are by-products of these processes. We are also subject to occupational safety and health laws, product labeling and product content requirements, either directly or as required by our customers. Proper waste disposal is a major consideration for printed circuit board manufacturers due to the metals and chemicals used in the manufacturing process. Water used in the printed circuit board manufacturing process must be treated to remove metal particles and other contaminants before it can be discharged into municipal sanitary sewer systems. We operate on-site wastewater treatment systems at our printed circuit board manufacturing plants in order to treat wastewater generated in the fabrication process. 
 
 Additionally, the electronics assembly process can generate lead dust. Upon vacating a facility, we are responsible for remediating lead dust from the interior of the manufacturing facility. Although there are no applicable standards for lead dust remediation in manufacturing facilities, we endeavor to remove the residues. To date, lead dust remediation costs have not been material to our results of operations. We also monitor for airborne concentrations of lead in our buildings and are unaware of any significant lead concentrations in excess of the applicable OSHA or other local standards. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 We have a range of corporate programs that aim to reduce the use of hazardous materials in manufacturing. We developed corporate-wide standardized environmental management systems, auditing programs and policies to enable better management of environmental compliance activities. For example, almost all of our manufacturing facilities are certified under ISO 14001, a set of standards and procedures relating to environmental compliance management. In addition, the electronics industry must adhere to the European Union's Restrictions of Hazardous Substances (RoHS) and Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE). Parallel initiatives have been adopted in other jurisdictions throughout the world, including several states in the U.S. and the Peoples' Republic of China. RoHS limits the use of lead, mercury and other specified substances in electronics products. WEEE requires producers to assume responsibility for the collection, recycling and management of waste electronic products and components. We have implemented procedures intended to ensure our manufacturing processes are compliant with RoHS and the European Union's Registration, Evaluation and Authorization of Chemicals (REACH) legislation, when required. WEEE compliance is primarily the responsibility of OEMs. 
 
 Asbestos containing materials, or ACM, are present at several of our manufacturing facilities. Although ACM is being managed and controls have been put in place pursuant to ACM operations and maintenance plans, the presence of ACM could give rise to remediation obligations and other liabilities. 
 
 Our facilities generally operate under environmental permits issued by governmental authorities. For the most part, these permits must be renewed periodically and are subject to revocation in the event of violations of environmental laws. Any such revocation may require us to cease or limit production at one or more of our facilities, adversely affecting our results of operations. 
 
 In connection with certain acquisitions, we have incurred liabilities associated with environmental contamination. These include ongoing investigation and remediation activities at a number of current and former sites, including those located in Owego, New York; Derry, New Hampshire; and Brockville, Ontario. In addition, we have been named in a lawsuit alleging operations at our current and former facilities in Orange County, California contributed to groundwater contamination, and also have ongoing investigation activities at and adjacent to a former facility to determine the extent of any soil, soil vapor, and groundwater contamination. Finally, there are some sites, including our acquired facility in Gunzenhausen, Germany, which are known to have groundwater contamination caused by a third-party, and that third-party has provided indemnification to us for the related liability. However, in certain situations, third-party indemnities may not be effective to reduce our liability for environmental contamination. 
 
 We use environmental consultants primarily for risk assessments and remediation, including remedial investigation and feasibility studies, remedial action planning and design and site remediation. Our consultants provide information regarding the nature and extent of site contamination, acceptable remediation alternatives and estimated costs associated with each remediation alternative. We consider their recommendations together with other information when determining the appropriate amount to accrue for environmental liabilities. 
 
 Our capital expenditures for environmental control facilities were not material in any of the last three fiscal years and we do not expect to make material expenditures for this purpose during the current fiscal year. 
 
 Other Regulations 
 
 We are also subject to a number of domestic and foreign regulations relating to our operations worldwide. In particular, our sales activities must comply with restrictions relating to the export of controlled technology and sales to denied or sanctioned parties contained in the U.S. International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR), U.S. Export Administration Regulations and sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Asset Controls of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC). We must also comply with regulations relating to the award, administration and performance of U.S. government contracts and subcontracts with respect to our defense business, including regulations that govern price negotiations, cost accounting standards, procurement practices, termination at the election of the government and many other aspects of performance under government contracts and subcontracts. These regulations are complex, require extensive compliance efforts and expenditures in the form of additional personnel, systems and processes, and, in some cases, require us to ensure that our suppliers adhere to such regulations. Furthermore, our compliance with these regulations is subject to audit or investigation by governmental authorities and, from time to time, we receive formal and informal inquiries from government agencies and regulators regarding our compliance. Should we be found to have violated one or more of such regulations, we could become subject to civil damages (which in some cases can be trebled) or criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including fines, penalties, appointment of government monitors, termination of our government contracts and, ultimately, debarment from doing further business with the U.S. government. Any of such results would increase our expenses, reduce our revenue and damage our reputation as both a commercial and government supplier. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Human Capital Resources 
 
 General Information About Our Human Capital Resources 
 
 As of October 2, 2021, we had approximately 35,000 employees, including approximately 3,000 temporary employees, in 23 countries. Approximately 50 of our employees are located in the Americas, 13 are located in EMEA and 37 are located in China and Asia Pacific. 
 
 Core Principles 
 
 The principles of the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) are fundamental to our corporate culture and core values and are reflected in our commitments to our customers, stakeholders, employees and communities in which we do business around the world. These commitments drive us to provide a safe and positive work environment for our employees that emphasizes learning and professional development, respect for individuals and ethical conduct, and that is facilitated by a direct management-employee engagement model. 
 
 For over a decade, we have tracked human capital metrics that we consider to be key to our business, including health and safety, career growth and development, turnover, hiring and diversity and inclusion. Management regularly reviews these metrics and seeks to improve them. 
 
 Health and Safety 
 
 The health and safety of our employees is of utmost important to us. We conduct regular self-assessments and audits to ensure compliance with our health and safety guidelines and regulatory requirements. Our ultimate goal is to achieve a level of work-related injuries as close to zero as possible through continuous investment in our safety programs. We provide protective gear (e.g. eye protection, masks and gloves) as required by applicable standards and as appropriate given employee job duties. Additionally, during the COVID-19 pandemic, we have invested heavily to help ensure the health of our employees. Through the use of education and awareness, provision of necessary PPE, and changes to our manufacturing sites and screening, we strive to make our workplaces a safe place for employees during the workday. 
 
 Career Growth and Development 
 
 We invest resources in professional development and growth as a means of improving employee performance and improving retention. For example, we launched our Sanmina University online training platform over a decade ago to provide employees with continuous learning, professional training and development opportunities. Over 12,000 employees took courses on this platform in 2021. Our emphasis on employee retention, talent reviews, employee evaluations and succession planning contributed to a promotion rate of approximately 7 in 2021. 
 
 Turnover 
 
 We continually monitor employee turnover rates, both regionally and as a whole, as our success depends upon retaining our highly trained manufacturing and operating personnel. We believe the combination of competitive compensation, career growth and development opportunities have helped increase employee tenure and reduce voluntary turnover. The average tenure of our employees is approximately eight years and more than one third of our employees have been employed by us for more than ten years. 
 
 Hiring Practices 
 
 We recruit the best people for the job without regard to gender, ethnicity or other protected traits and it is our policy to comply fully with all domestic, foreign and local laws relating to discrimination in the workplace. 
 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 
 Recognizing and respecting our global presence, we strive to maintain a diverse and inclusive workforce everywhere we operate. Almost 50 of our employees worldwide are female and, in the U.S., non-Caucasian employees account for more than 50 of the employee base. Our diversity and inclusion principles are also reflected in our employee training, in particular with respect to our policies against harassment and bullying and the elimination of bias in the workplace. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Management Engagement Practices 
 
 We believe in a direct management-employee engagement model by which managers and employees maintain a regular dialogue about working conditions, compensation, compliance, safety and advancement opportunities. This model is also reflected in our training programs, which emphasize the need to report concerns about violations of policy or law. None of our U.S. employees are represented by a labor union. In some international locations, our employees are represented by labor unions on either a national or plant level or are subject to collective bargaining agreements. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 Our Internet address is http://www.sanmina.com. We make available through our website, free of charge, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. All reports we file with the SEC are also available free of charge via EDGAR through the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov . 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 
 The following table sets forth the name, position and age of our current executive officers and their ages as of October 2, 2021. 
 Name Age Position Jure Sola 70 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Kurt Adzema 52 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Alan Reid 58 Executive Vice President, Global Human Resources Dennis Young 70 Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales and Marketing 
 
 Jure Sola has served as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since August 2020. Prior to that time, from October 2017 until August 2020, Mr. Sola served as our Executive Chairman. Mr. Sola also served as our Chief Executive Officer from April 1991 until October 2017, as Chairman of our Board of Directors from April 1991 until December 2001 and from December 2002 until October 2017, and as Co-Chairman of our Board of Directors from December 2001 until December 2002. In 1980, Mr. Sola co-founded Sanmina and initially held the position of Vice President of Sales. In October 1987, he became the Vice President and General Manager of Sanmina, responsible for manufacturing operations, sales and marketing. Mr. Sola served as our President from October 1989 to March 1996. 
 
 Kurt Adzema has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since October 2019. Mr. Adzema previously served as the Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Finisar Corporation, an optical components company, from March 2010 until September 2019. Prior to March 2010, Mr. Adzema held the positions of Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development at Finisar, which he joined in 2005. Prior to joining Finisar, Mr. Adzema held various positions at SVB Alliant, a subsidiary of Silicon Valley Bank, which advised technology companies on merger and acquisition transactions, at Montgomery Securities/Banc of America Securities, an investment banking firm, and in the financial restructuring group of Smith Barney. 
 
 Alan Reid has served as our Executive Vice President of Global Human Resources since October 2012. Mr. Reid has held various roles at Sanmina, including Senior Vice President of Global Human Resources and Human Resources Director of EMEA, from July 2001 to October 2012. Prior to joining us, he was Group Human Resources Manager at Kymata Ltd., an optoelectronic technology startup from June 2000 to July 2001. Prior to Kymata, Mr. Reid held various roles in operations and human resources with The BOC Group PLC. (British Oxygen Company), a global industrial gases and engineering company, from September 1986 to June 2000. 
 
 Dennis Young has served as our Executive Vice President of Worldwide Sales and Marketing since March 2003. Prior to joining Sanmina, Mr. Young served as Senior Vice President of Sales from May 2002 to March 2003 and Vice President of Sales from March 1998 to May 2002 of Pioneer-Standard Electronics, a provider of industrial and consumer electronic products. 

18 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 End Market and Operational Risks 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and will likely continue to have, a significant impact on our results of operations and financial condition by reducing demand from our customers, interrupting the flow of components needed for our customers products, limiting the operations or productivity of our manufacturing facilities, restricting the types of products we can build for our customers and creating health risks to our employees. 
 
 Our business and operations have been significantly and negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. In particular, the pandemic: 
 
 Resulted in the temporary closure of certain of our facilities; 
 Reduced the amount of staffing we are permitted to maintain at certain of our plants; 
 Required us in some cases to pay staff who are not able to work due to government orders or illness; 
 Limited the capacity of logistics providers to deliver components for and the products we manufacture; 
 Reduced demand for certain of our customers products; 
 Temporarily prevented us from building certain products not deemed as essential under certain local, state and national public health orders; and 
 Resulted in interruptions of supply of components, either because our suppliers have themselves been prevented from operating or because major distribution channels (e.g., sea transport) have been disrupted by the pandemic. 
 
 Collectively, these conditions reduced our revenue during the last 12 months and we cannot predict when these and other impacts from the pandemic will be fully resolved. 
 
 Further, although we have implemented infection control measures recommended or required by the applicable public health authorities, and have not experienced a significant number of COVID-19 infections among our employees to date, should infections among our employees increase significantly, our operations could be impacted if we become required to temporarily exclude significant numbers of employees from our plants due to either infection or exposure to an infected person and/or close impacted plants in order to clean them or as a result of government orders. Furthermore, various local, state and national governments and agencies issued various safety regulations and guidelines intended to help prevent the transmission of COVID-19 in the workplace. These regulations are complex, costly to implement, subject to frequent change and to audit and investigation by governmental authorities, including the Occupational Health and Safety Administration (OSHA), their state counterparts and local health departments. Any failure by us to materially comply with COVID-19-related safety rules and regulations in any of its facilities could result in sanctions, fines, as well as negative publicity for us. Recently, two executive orders were issued by which we will be required to mandate that U.S. employees of our commercial plants be vaccinated against COVID-19 (or tested weekly) and that all of our employees supporting federal contracts be vaccinated against COVID-19 without a testing option. Employee reaction to such a mandate may be negative and we may be forced to terminate employees who do not comply with the mandate. In such event, we could experience labor shortages at certain of our facilities, which could impact production. 
 
 More generally, the COVID-19 pandemic raises the possibility of an extended global economic downturn and has caused volatility in financial markets, which has affected and could continue to affect demand for our products and services and impact our results and financial condition even after the pandemic is contained. In particular, t he pandemic also resulted in certain of our customers and suppliers experiencing financial difficulties, which could impact their ability or willingness to satisfy their payment or delivery obligations, respectively, to us in the future. Although we have not experienced any significant increase in customer defaults as a result of the pandemic to date, the risk of such defaults will increase if pandemic conditions continue indefinitely or if commercial and social restrictions originally put in place in response to pandemic conditions by local, state and national governments increase or are reinstated based on changes in community infection and hospitalization rates. 
 
 We are unable to accurately predict the full impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on us due to a number of uncertainties, including the duration of ongoing supply chain constraints directly and indirectly caused by the pandemic, the extent of the impact of the pandemic on our customers businesses, the number of our employees who may become infected or exposed to infected persons whom we would then be required to temporarily exclude from our plants, the need for temporary plant closures caused by large scale employee infections, the duration of the outbreak, the continued efficacy and availability of COVID-19 vaccines, the geographic locations of any future outbreaks, including outbreaks caused by variants of COVID-19 and actions that government authorities may take in response, such as the potential reimposition of government restrictions on 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 staffing and the types of products we are permitted to build. However, we believe it is likely that the pandemic will continue to have a negative impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition for the foreseeable future. 
 
 Worldwide supply chain shortages are currently limiting our ability to manufacture and ship all of the product for which we have demand; our profitability will be reduced if we are unable to pass on increasing component costs. 
 
 Our supply chain is being significantly impacted by a number of factors relating to the COVID-19 pandemic, including interruptions in supplier and port operations due to infections during a time of a resumption of strong worldwide demand for electronic products and components across a number of end markets. As a result, we are experiencing delays in delivery and shortages of certain components, particularly certain types of capacitors, resistors and discrete semiconductors needed for many of the products we manufacture. These conditions are currently limiting our ability to manufacture and ship all of the product for which we have demand and are exacerbated by the fact that we are dependent on a number of limited and sole source suppliers to provide key components we incorporate into our products. We expect these delays and shortages to persist at least through the middle of calendar 2022 and that such shortages could result in delays in shipments to our customers during the period of such shortages. Any such delays would reduce our revenue and margins for the periods affected and would also result in an increase in our inventory of other components, which would reduce our operating cash flow. 
 
 In addition, inflationary pressures resulting from supply chain constraints and improving economic conditions in certain countries are leading to sustained increases in the prices we pay for components and may also result in increases in the pricing of commodities such as gold, copper and other metals that are used in the manufacture of such components. We do not hedge against the risk of these fluctuations, but rather attempt to adjust our product pricing to reflect such changes. Should we not be able to increase our product prices enough to offset these increased costs, our gross margins and profitability could decrease, perhaps significantly over a sustained period of time. 
 
 We rely on a variety of common carriers to transport our raw materials and components from our suppliers to us, and to transport our products to our customers. The use of common carriers is subject to a number of risks, including increased costs due to rising energy prices and labor, vehicle and insurance costs, and hijacking and theft resulting in losses of shipments, delivery delays resulting from labor shortages, disturbances and strikes and other factors beyond our control. Although we attempt to mitigate our liability for any losses resulting from these risks through contracts with our customers, suppliers and insurance carriers, any costs or losses that cannot be mitigated could reduce our profitability, require us to manufacture replacement product or damage our relationships with our customers. 
 
 Adverse changes in the key end markets we target could harm our business by reducing our sales. 
 
 We provide products and services to companies that serve the industrial, medical, defense and aerospace, automotive, communications networks and cloud infrastructure industries. Adverse changes in any of these end markets could reduce demand for our customers' products or make these customers more sensitive to the cost of our products and services, either of which could reduce our sales, gross margins and net income. A number of factors could affect these industries in general and our customers in particular, leading to reductions in net sales. These factors include: 
 
 intense competition among our customers and their competitors, leading to reductions in prices for their products and increases in pricing pressure placed on us; 
 failure of our customers' products to gain widespread commercial acceptance, which could decrease the volume of orders customers place with us. For example, our sales and margins have been negatively impacted in the past by the slower than expected ramp of 5G programs by our communications customers; 
 changes in regulatory requirements affecting the products we build for our customers, leading to product redesigns or obsolescence and potentially causing us to lose business; and 
 recessionary periods in our customers' markets, which decrease orders from affected customers. 
 
 We realize a substantial portion of our revenues from communications equipment customers. This market is highly competitive, particularly in the area of price. Should any of our larger customers in this market fail to effectively compete with their competitors, they could reduce their orders to us or experience liquidity difficulties, either of which could have the effect of substantially reducing our revenue and net income. There can be no assurance that we will not experience declines in demand in this or in other end markets in the future. 
 
 Our operating results are subject to significant uncertainties, which can cause our future sales, net income and cash generated from operations to be variable. 
 
 Our operating results can vary due to a number of significant uncertainties, including: 
 20 

Table of Contents 

our ability to replace declining sales from end-of-life programs and customer disengagements with new business wins; 
 conditions in the global economy as a whole and in the industries we serve, which are being significantly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 fluctuations in component prices, component shortages and extended component lead times caused by high demand, disruptions relating to the COVID-19 pandemic, natural disasters or otherwise; 
 timing and success of new product developments and ramps by our customers, which create demand for our services, but which can also require us to incur start-up costs relating to new tooling and processes; 
 levels of demand in the end markets served by our customers; 
 timing of orders from customers and the accuracy of their forecasts; 
 our inventory levels, which have been driven higher as a result of supply chain disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, with higher levels of inventory reducing our operating cash flow; 
 customer payment terms and the extent to which we factor customer receivables during the quarter; 
 increasing labor costs in the regions in which we operate; 
 mix of products ordered by and shipped to major customers, as high volume and low complexity manufacturing services typically have lower gross margins than more complex and lower volume services; 
 our ability to pass tariffs through to our customers; 
 resolution of claims with our customers; 
 the degree to which we are able to fully utilize our available manufacturing capacity, including due to restrictions under local, state and national public health orders covering the locations of our plants and employee health conditions as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 customer insolvencies resulting in bad debt or inventory exposures that are in excess of our reserves; 
 our ability to efficiently move manufacturing operations to lower cost regions when required; 
 changes in our tax provision due to changes in our estimates of pre-tax income in the jurisdictions in which we operate, uncertain tax positions, and our ability to utilize our deferred tax assets; and 
 political and economic developments in countries in which we have operations, which could restrict our operations or those of our suppliers and/or customers or increase our costs. 
 
 Variability in our operating results may also lead to variability in cash generated by operations, which can adversely affect our ability to make capital expenditures, engage in strategic transactions and repurchase stock. 
 
 We are subject to risks arising from our international operations. 
 
 The substantial majority of our net sales are generated through our non-U.S. operations. As a result, we are affected by economic, political and other conditions in the foreign countries in which we do business, including: 
 
 changes in trade and tax laws that may result in us or our customers being subject to increased taxes, duties and tariffs, which could increase our costs and/or reduce our customers willingness to use our services in countries in which we are currently manufacturing their products; 
 compliance with foreign laws, including labor laws that generally provide for increased notice, severance and consultation requirements compared to U.S. labor laws; 
 labor unrest, including strikes; 
 difficulties in staffing due to immigration or travel restrictions imposed by national governments, including the U.S.; 
 security concerns; 
 political instability and/or regional military tension or hostilities; 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which may either increase or decrease our operating costs and for which we have significant exposure; 
 the imposition of currency controls; 
 exposure to heightened corruption risks; 
 aggressive, selective or lax enforcement of laws and regulations by national governmental authorities; and 
 potentially increased risk of misappropriation of intellectual property. 
 
 We operate in countries that have experienced labor unrest, political instability or conflict and strife in the past, including China, India, Israel, Malaysia, Mexico and Thailand, and we have experienced work stoppages and similar disruptions at our plants in these countries. To the extent such developments in these countries or similar events elsewhere prevent us from adequately staffing our plants and manufacturing and shipping products in those jurisdictions, our margins and net income could be reduced and our reputation as a reliable supplier could be negatively impacted. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Certain of our foreign manufacturing facilities are leased from third parties. To the extent we are unable to renew the leases covering such facilities as they expire on reasonable terms, or are forced to move our operations at those facilities to other locations as a result of a failure to agree upon renewal terms, production for our customers may be interrupted, we may breach our customer agreements, we could incur significant start-up costs at new facilities and our lease expense may increase, potentially significantly. 
 
 We rely on a relatively small number of customers for a substantial portion of our sales, and declines in sales to these customers could reduce our net sales and net income. 
 
 Sales to our ten largest customers have historically represented approximately half of our net sales. We expect to continue to depend upon a relatively small number of customers for a significant percentage of our sales for the foreseeable future. The loss of, or a significant reduction in sales or pricing to, our largest customers could substantially reduce our revenue and margins. 
 
 Current U.S. trade policy could increase the cost of using both our onshore and offshore manufacturing services for our U.S. customers, leading them to reduce their orders to us. 
 
 Although we maintain significant manufacturing capacity in the U.S., the substantial majority of our manufacturing operations are located outside the U.S. As a result of continuing trade disputes, the U.S., China, the E.U. and several other countries have imposed tariffs on certain imported products. In particular, the U.S. has imposed tariffs impacting certain components and products imported from China by us into the U.S. These tariffs apply to both components imported into the U.S. from China for use in the manufacture of products at our U.S. plants and to certain of our customers products that we manufacture for them in China and that are then imported into the U.S. Any decision by a large number of our customers to cease using our manufacturing services due to the continued application of tariffs would materially reduce our revenue and net income. In addition, our gross margins would be reduced in the event we are for any reason unable to pass on any tariffs that we incurred to our customers. Although our customers are generally liable for tariffs we pay on their behalf on importation of components used in the manufacture of their products, our gross margins would be reduced in the event we were for any reason unable to recover tariffs or duties from our customers. Further, although we are required to pay tariffs upon importation of the components, we may not be able to recover these amounts from customers until sometime later, if at all, which would adversely impact our operating cash flow in a given period. 
 
 Cancellations, reductions in production quantities, delays in production by our customers and changes in customer requirements could reduce our sales and net income. 
 
 We generally do not obtain firm, long-term purchase commitments from our customers and our bookings may generally be canceled prior to the scheduled shipment date. Although a customer is generally liable for raw materials we procure on their behalf, finished goods and work-in-process at the time of cancellation, the customer may fail to honor this commitment or we may be unable or, for other business reasons, choose not to enforce our contractual rights. Cancellations, reductions or delays of orders by customers could increase our inventory levels, lead to write-offs of inventory that we are not able to resell to the customer, reduce our sales and net income, delay or eliminate recovery of our expenditures for inventory purchased in preparation for customer orders and lower our asset utilization, all of which could result in lower gross margins and lower net income. 
 
 Our strategy to pursue higher margin business depends in part on the success of our CPS businesses, which, if not successful, could cause our future gross margins and operating results to be lower. 
 
 A key part of our strategy to capitalize on our end-to-end solutions is to grow our CPS business, which includes printed circuit boards, backplane and cable assemblies and plastic injection molding, mechanical systems, memory, RF, optical and microelectronic solutions, and data storage solutions and design, engineering, logistics and repair services and our SCI defense and aerospace products business. A decrease in orders for these components, products and services can have a disproportionately adverse impact on our profitability since these components, products and services generally carry higher than average contribution margins than our core IMS business. In addition, in order to grow this portion of our business profitably, we must continually make substantial investments in the development of our product development capabilities, research and development activities, test and tooling equipment and skilled personnel, all of which reduce our operating results in the short term. The success of our CPS business also depends on our ability to increase sales of our proprietary products, convince our customers to agree to purchase our components for use in the manufacture of their products, rather than directing us to buy them from third parties, and expand the number of our customers who contract for our design, engineering, logistics and repair services. We may face challenges in achieving commercially viable yields and difficulties in manufacturing components in the 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 quantities and to the specifications and quality standards required by our customers, as well as in qualifying our components for use in our customers' designs. Our proprietary products and design, engineering, logistics and repair services must compete with products and services offered by established vendors which focus solely on development of similar technologies or the provision of similar services. Any of these factors could reduce our CPS business revenue and margins, which in turn would have an adverse and potentially disproportionate effect on our overall revenues and profitability. 
 
 Customer requirements to transfer business may increase our costs. 
 
 Our customers sometimes require that we transfer the manufacturing of their products from one of our facilities to another to achieve cost reductions, tariff reductions and other objectives. These transfers have resulted in increased costs to us due to facility downtime, less than optimal utilization of our manufacturing capacity and delays and complications related to the transition of manufacturing programs to new locations. These transfers, and any decision by a significant customer to terminate manufacturing services in a particular facility, could require us to close or reduce operations at certain facilities and, as a result, we may incur in the future significant costs for the closure of facilities, employee severance and related matters. We may be required to relocate additional manufacturing operations in the future and, accordingly, we may incur additional costs that decrease our net income. Any of these factors could reduce our revenues, increase our expenses and reduce our net income. 
 
 Regulatory, Compliance and Litigation Risks 
 
 We are subject to a number of U.S. export control and other regulatory requirements, the failure to comply with which could result in damages or reduction of future revenue. 
 
 We are subject to a number of laws and regulations relating to the export of U.S. technology, anti-corruption and the award, administration and performance of U.S. government contracts and subcontracts. In particular, our activities must comply with the restrictions relating to the export of controlled technology and sales to denied or sanctioned parties contained in the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR), the U.S. Export Administration Regulations and sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC). We must also comply with the regulations relating to the award, administration and performance of U.S. government contracts and subcontracts with respect to our defense business, including regulations that govern price negotiations, cost accounting standards, procurement practices, termination at the election of the government and many other aspects of performance under government contracts and subcontracts. These laws and regulations are complex, require extensive compliance efforts and expenditures in the form of additional personnel, systems and personnel and, in some cases, require us to ensure that our suppliers adhere to such regulations. Furthermore, our compliance with such regulations is subject to audit or investigation by governmental authorities and, from time to time, we receive formal and informal inquiries from government agencies and regulators regarding our compliance. Should we be found to have violated one or more of such laws or regulations, we could become subject to civil damages (which in some cases could be trebled) or criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including appointment of government monitors, termination of our government contracts and, ultimately, debarment from doing further business with the U.S. government. Any of such results would increase our expenses, reduce our revenue and damage our reputation as both a commercial and government supplier. 
 
 If we manufacture or design defective products, if there are manufacturing defects in the components we incorporate into customer products or if our manufacturing processes do not comply with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements and standards, we could be subject to claims, damages and fines and lose customers. 
 
 We manufacture products to our customers' specifications, and in some cases our manufacturing processes and facilities need to comply with various statutory and regulatory requirements and standards. For example, many of the medical products that we manufacture, as well as the facilities and manufacturing processes that we use to produce them, must comply with standards established by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and products we manufacture for the automotive end market are generally subject to the IATF 16949:2016 standard. In addition, our customers' products and the manufacturing processes that we use to produce them often are highly complex. As a result, products that we design or manufacture may at times contain design or manufacturing defects, and our manufacturing processes may be subject to errors or may not be in compliance with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements and standards. Finally, customer products can experience quality problems or failures as a result of defects in the components they specify to be included in the products we manufacture for them. Defects in the products we design or manufacture, even if caused by components specified by the customer, may result in product recalls, warranty claims by customers, including liability for repair costs, delayed shipments to customers or reduced or canceled customer orders. The failure of the products that we design or manufacture or of our manufacturing processes and facilities to comply with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements and standards may subject us to legal fines or penalties, cause us to lose business and, in some cases, require us to shut down or incur considerable expense to correct 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 a manufacturing program or facility. In addition, these defects may result in product liability claims against us. The magnitude of such claims may increase as we continue to expand our presence in the medical and automotive end markets since defects in these types of products can result in death or significant injury to end users of these products. Even when our customers are contractually responsible for defects in the design of a product and defects in components used in the manufacture of such products, there is no guarantee that these customers will have the financial resources to indemnify us for such liabilities and we could nonetheless be required to expend significant resources to defend ourselves if named in a product liability suit over such defects. 
 
 If we are unable to protect our intellectual property or if we infringe, or are alleged to infringe, upon the intellectual property of others, we could be required to pay significant amounts in costs or damages. 
 
 We rely on a combination of copyright, patent, trademark and trade secret laws and contractual restrictions to protect our intellectual property rights. However, a number of our patents covering certain aspects of our manufacturing processes or products have expired and will continue to expire in the future. Such expirations reduce our ability to assert claims against competitors or others who use or sell similar technology. Any inability to protect our intellectual property rights could diminish or eliminate the competitive advantages that we derive from our proprietary technology. 
 
 We are also subject to the risk that current or former employees violate the terms of their proprietary information agreements with us. Should a current or former employee use or disclose any of our or our customers' proprietary information, we could become subject to legal action by our customers or others, our key technologies could become compromised and our ability to compete could be adversely impacted. 
 
 In addition, we may become involved in administrative proceedings, lawsuits or other proceedings if others allege that the products we manufacture for our customers or our own manufacturing processes and products infringe on their intellectual property rights. If successful, such claims could force our customers and us to stop importing or producing products or components of products that use the challenged intellectual property, to pay up to treble damages and to obtain a license to the relevant technology or to redesign those products or services so as not to use the infringed technology. The costs of defense and potential damages and/or impact on production of patent litigation could be significant and have a materially adverse impact on our financial results. In addition, although our customers typically indemnify us against claims that the products we manufacture for them infringe others intellectual property rights, there is no guaranty that these customers will have the financial resources to stand behind such indemnities should the need arise, nor is there any guarantee that any such indemnity could be fully enforced. We sometimes design products on a contract basis or jointly with our customers. In such situations, we may become subject to claims that products we design infringe third party intellectual property rights and may also be required to indemnify our customer against liability caused by such claims. 
 
 Any of these events could reduce our revenue, increase our costs and damage our reputation with our customers. 
 
 Allegations of failures to comply with domestic or international employment and related laws could result in the payment of significant damages, which would reduce our net income. 
 
 We are subject to a variety of domestic and foreign employment laws, including those related to safety, wages and overtime, discrimination, harassment, organizing, whistle-blowing, classification of employees, privacy and severance payments. We may be required to defend against allegations that we have violated such laws. Allegations that we have violated labor laws could lead to damages being awarded to employees or fines from or settlements with plaintiffs or federal, state or foreign regulatory authorities, the amounts of which could be substantial, and which would reduce our net income. 
 
 Cyberattacks and other disruptions of our information technology ("IT") network and systems could interrupt our operations, lead to loss of our customer and employee data and subject us to damages. 
 
 We rely on internal and cloud-based networks and systems furnished by third parties for worldwide financial reporting, inventory management, procurement, invoicing, employee payroll and benefits administration and email communications, among other functions. In addition, our 42Q manufacturing execution solutions software used by us and certain of our customers operates in the cloud. Despite our business continuity planning, including redundant data sites and network availability, both our internal and cloud-based infrastructure may be susceptible to outages due to fire, floods, power loss, telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks and similar events. In addition, despite the implementation of numerous network security measures, both our internal and our cloud-based infrastructure may also be vulnerable to hacking, computer viruses, the installation of malware and similar disruptions either by third parties or employees with access to key IT infrastructure. Cybersecurity attacks can come in many forms, including distributed denial of service attacks, advanced 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 persistent threat, phishing, business email compromise efforts and ransomware attacks. Recently, a cyberattack involving malware delivered through network monitoring software sold by SolarWinds resulted in the penetration of the systems of a multitude of governmental and commercial entities. While we were not affected by this cyberattack, there can be no assurance that a future malware attack will not be successful in breaching our systems. Hacking, malware and other cybersecurity attacks, if not prevented, could lead to the collection and disclosure of sensitive personal or confidential information relating to our customers, employees or others, exposing us to legal liability and causing us to suffer reputational damage. In addition, our SCI defense and aerospace businesses are subject to U.S. government regulations requiring the safeguarding of certain unclassified government information and to report to the U.S. government certain cyber incidents that affect such information. The increasing sophistication of cyberattacks requires us to continually evaluate new technologies and processes intended to detect and prevent these attacks. Our insurance coverage for cyber-attacks is limited. There can be no assurance that the security measures we choose to implement will be sufficient to protect the data we manage. If we and our cloud infrastructure vendors are not successful in preventing such outages and cyberattacks, our operations could be disrupted, we could incur losses, including losses relating to claims by our customers, employees or privacy regulators relating to loss of personal or confidential business information, the willingness of customers to do business with us may be damaged and, in the case of our defense business, we could be debarred from future participation in U.S. government programs. 
 
 Any failure to comply with applicable environmental laws could adversely affect our business by causing us to pay significant amounts for cleanup of hazardous materials or for damages or fines. 
 
 We are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations, including those governing the use, generation, storage, discharge and disposal of hazardous substances and waste in the ordinary course of our manufacturing operations. If we violate environmental laws or if we own or operate, or owned or operated in the past, a site at which we or a predecessor company caused contamination, we may be held liable for damages and the costs of remedial actions. Although we estimate and regularly reassess our potential liability with respect to violations or alleged violations and accrue for such liability, our accruals may not be sufficient. Any increase in existing reserves or establishment of new reserves for environmental liability would reduce our net income. Our failure or inability to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations could also limit our ability to expand facilities or could require us to acquire costly equipment or to incur other significant expenses to comply with these laws and regulations. 
 
 Partly as a result of certain of our acquisitions, we have incurred liabilities associated with environmental contamination. These liabilities include ongoing investigation and remediation activities at a number of current and former sites. The time required to perform environmental remediation can be lengthy and there can be no assurance that the scope, and therefore cost, of these activities will not increase as a result of the discovery of new contamination or contamination on adjoining landowner's properties or the adoption of more stringent regulatory standards covering sites at which we are currently performing remediation activities. 
 
 We cannot assure that past disposal activities will not result in liability that will materially affect us in the future, nor can we provide assurance that we do not have environmental exposures of which we are unaware and which could adversely affect our future operating results. Changes in or restrictions on discharge limits, emissions levels, permitting requirements and material storage or handling could require a higher than anticipated level of remediation activities, operating expenses and capital investment or, depending on the severity of the impact of the foregoing factors, costly plant relocation, any of which would reduce our net income. 
 
 Global, national and corporate initiatives addressing climate change could increase our costs. 
 
 Concern over climate change may lead to state, federal and international legislative and regulatory initiatives aimed at reducing carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions through incentives, taxes or mandates and there is increased stockholder interest generally in voluntary corporate commitments to reduce the generation of greenhouse gases. Collectively, such initiatives and commitments could lead to an increase in both the price of energy and our operating costs. A sustained increase in energy prices for any reason could increase our raw material, components, operations and transportation costs, which we may not be able to pass on to our customers and which would therefore reduce our profitability, as would increased operating costs due to our adoption, whether voluntary or mandatory, of measures to reduce our carbon footprint. We could also suffer reputational damage if our practices are perceived to be inadequate. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in financial accounting standards or policies have affected, and in the future may affect, our reported financial condition or results of operations; there are inherent limitations to our system of internal controls; changes in corporate governance policies and practices may impact our business . 
 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP"). The preparation of our financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the recorded amounts of assets, liabilities and net income during the reporting period. A change in the facts and circumstances surrounding those estimates could result in a change to our estimates and could impact our future operating results. GAAP is subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB"), the SEC and various bodies formed to interpret and create accounting policies. A change in those policies can have a significant effect on our reported results and may affect our reporting of transactions which are completed before a change is announced. For example, in fiscal 2019, we implemented the new revenue recognition standard, which is complex and requires significant management judgment. Although we believe the judgments we applied in implementation of the new revenue recognition standard are appropriate, there can be no assurance that we will not be required to change our judgments relating to implementation of such standard in the future, whether as a result of new guidance or otherwise. A significant change in our accounting judgments could have a significant impact on our reported revenue, gross profit, assets and liabilities. In general, changes to accounting rules or challenges to our interpretation or application of the rules by regulators may have a material adverse effect on our reported financial results or on the way we conduct business. 
 
 Our system of internal and disclosure controls and procedures were designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. However, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been or will be detected. As a result, there can be no assurance that our system of internal and disclosure controls and procedures will be successful in preventing all errors, theft and fraud, or in informing management of all material information in a timely manner. 
 
 Finally, corporate governance, public disclosure and compliance practices continue to evolve based upon continuing legislative action, SEC rulemaking and policy positions taken by large institutional stockholders and proxy advisors. As a result, the number of rules, regulations and standards applicable to us may become more burdensome to comply with, could increase scrutiny of our practices and policies by these or other groups and increase our legal and financial compliance costs and the amount of time management must devote to governance and compliance activities. Increasing regulatory burdens and corporate governance requirements could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our Board of Directors, particularly to serve on our Audit Committee, and qualified executive officers. 
 
 Liquidity and Credit Risks 
 
 Our customers could experience credit problems, which could reduce our future revenues and net income. 
 
 Some companies in the industries for which we provide products have previously experienced significant financial difficulties, with a few filing for bankruptcy in the past. In particular, the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in certain of our customers experiencing financial difficulties. Such financial difficulties, if experienced by one or more of our customers, may negatively affect our business due to the decreased demand from these financially distressed customers, the lengthening of customer payment terms, the potential inability of these companies to make full payment on amounts owed to us or to purchase inventory we acquired to support their businesses. Customer bankruptcies also entail the risk of potential recovery by the bankruptcy estate of amounts previously paid to us that are deemed a preference under bankruptcy laws. There can be no assurance that additional customers will not declare bankruptcy, including as a result of changes in their end markets due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 We may be unable to generate sufficient liquidity to maintain or expand our operations, which would reduce the amount of business our customers and vendors are able to do with us and impact our ability to continue operations at current levels without seeking additional funding; we could experience losses if one or more financial institutions holding our cash or other financial counterparties were to fail; repatriation of foreign cash could increase our taxes. 
 
 Our liquidity is dependent on a number of factors, including profitability, business volume, inventory requirements, the extension of trade credit by our suppliers, the degree of alignment of payment terms from our suppliers with payment terms granted to our customers, the amount we invest in our facilities and equipment, the timing of acquisitions and divestitures, the schedule for repayment of our outstanding indebtedness, the timing of stock repurchases, the availability under our Amended Cash Flow Revolver and the amount of accounts receivable eligible for sale under our factoring programs. In the event we need or desire additional liquidity beyond the sources described above to maintain or expand our business levels, make acquisitions 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 or repurchase stock, there can be no assurance that such additional liquidity will be available on acceptable terms or at all. Any failure to maintain adequate liquidity would prevent us from maintaining operations at current or desired levels, which in turn would reduce both our revenue and profitability. 
 
 Although we believe our existing cash resources and sources of liquidity, together with cash generated from operations, will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements for at least the next 12 months, should demand for our services increase significantly over the next 12 months or should we experience significant increases in delinquent or uncollectible accounts receivable for any reason, including in particular continued or worsening economic conditions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise, our cash provided by operations could decrease significantly and we could be required to seek additional sources of liquidity to continue our operations at their current level. In such a case, there can be no assurance that such additional sources of financing would be available. 
 
 A principal source of our liquidity is our cash and cash equivalents, which are held with various financial institutions. Although we distribute such funds among a number of financial institutions that we believe to be of high quality, there can be no assurance that one or more of such institutions will not become insolvent in the future, in which case all or a portion of our uninsured funds on deposit with such institutions could be lost. Finally, if one or more counterparties to our interest rate or foreign currency hedging instruments were to fail, we could suffer losses and our hedging of risk could become less effective. 
 
 Approximately 40 of our cash is held in foreign jurisdictions. Some of these jurisdictions restrict the amount of cash that can be transferred to the U.S. or impose taxes and penalties on such transfers of cash. To the extent we have excess cash in foreign locations that could be used in, or is needed by, our U.S. operations, we may incur significant foreign taxes to repatriate these funds which would reduce the net amount ultimately available for such purposes. 
 
 Our Amended Cash Flow Revolver contains covenants that may adversely impact our business; the failure to comply with such covenants or the occurrence of an event of default could cause us to be unable to borrow additional funds and cause our outstanding debt to become immediately payable. 
 
 Our Amended Cash Flow Revolver contains a maximum leverage and minimum interest coverage ratio, in both cases measured on the basis of a trailing 12-month look-back period, and a number of restrictive covenants, including restrictions on incurring additional debt, making investments and other restricted payments, selling assets and paying dividends, subject to certain exceptions, with which we must comply. Collectively, these covenants could constrain our ability to grow our business through acquisition or engage in other transactions. Such facility also contains customary events of default, including that a material business interruption or cessation has not occurred. Finally, such facility includes covenants requiring, among other things, that we file quarterly and annual financial statements with the SEC, comply with all laws, pay all taxes and maintain casualty insurance. If we are not able to comply with these covenants or if an event of default were to occur and not be cured, all of our outstanding debt would become immediately due and payable and the incurrence of additional debt under our Amended Cash Flow Revolver would not be allowed, either of which would have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and ability to continue to conduct our business. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 We are subject to intense competition in the EMS industry, which could cause us to lose sales and, therefore, harm our financial performance. 
 
 The EMS industry is highly competitive and the industry has experienced a surplus of manufacturing capacity. Our competitors include major global EMS providers, including Benchmark Electronics, Inc., Celestica, Inc., Flex Ltd., Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., Ltd. (Foxconn), Jabil Circuit, Inc. and Plexus Corp., as well as other companies that have a regional, product, service or industry-specific focus. We also face competition from current and potential OEM customers who may elect to manufacture their own products internally rather than outsourcing to EMS providers. 
 
 Competition is based on a number of factors, including end markets served, price and quality. We may not be able to offer prices as low as some of our competitors for any number of reasons, including the willingness of competitors to provide EMS services at prices we are unable or unwilling to offer. There can be no assurance that we will win new business or maintain existing business due to competitive factors, which could decrease our sales and net income. In addition, due to the extremely price sensitive nature of our industry, business that we do win or maintain may have lower margins than our historical or target margins. As a result, competition may cause our gross and operating margins to fall. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Consolidation in the electronics industry may adversely affect our business by increasing customer buying power and increasing prices we pay for components. 
 
 Consolidation in the electronics industry among our customers, our suppliers and/or our competitors may increase, which could result in a small number of very large electronics companies offering products in multiple sectors of the electronics industry. If one of our customers is acquired by another company that does not rely on us to provide EMS services, we may lose that customer's business. Similarly, consolidation among our suppliers could result in a sole or limited source for certain components used in our customers' products. Any such consolidation could cause us to be required to pay increased prices for such components if we are unable to pass on such increases to our customers, which could reduce our gross margin and profitability. 
 
 Unanticipated changes in our income tax rates or exposure to additional tax liabilities could increase our taxes and decrease our net income; our projections of future taxable income that drove the release of our valuation allowance in prior years could prove to be incorrect, which could cause a charge to earnings. 
 
 We are or may become subject to income, sales, value-added, goods and services, withholding and other taxes in the United States and various foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for taxes and, in the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Our effective income tax rates and liability for other taxes could increase as a result of changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in enacted tax laws, the effectiveness of our cash and tax management strategies, our ability to negotiate advance pricing agreements with foreign tax authorities, compliance with local trade laws and other factors. Recent international initiatives require multinational enterprises, like ours, to report profitability on a country-by-country basis, which could increase scrutiny by foreign tax authorities. In addition, our tax determinations are regularly subject to audit by tax authorities. For example, we are currently undergoing audits of our tax returns for certain recent tax years in a number of jurisdictions, including the United States. Developments in these or future audits could adversely affect our tax provisions, including through the disallowance or reduction of deferred tax assets or the assessment of back taxes, interest and penalties, any of which could result in an increase to income tax expense and therefore a decrease in our net income. 
 
 We can experience losses due to foreign exchange rate fluctuations and currency controls, which could reduce our net income and impact our ability to repatriate funds. 
 
 Because we manufacture and sell the majority of our products abroad, our operating results can be negatively impacted due to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly in volatile currencies to which we are exposed, such as the Euro, Mexican peso, Malaysian ringgit, Chinese renminbi and Brazilian real. We use financial instruments, primarily short-term foreign currency forward contracts, to hedge our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. However, the success of our foreign currency hedging activities in preventing foreign exchange losses depends largely upon the accuracy of our forecasts of future sales, expenses, capital expenditures and monetary assets and liabilities. As such, our foreign currency hedging program may not fully cover all of our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. If our hedging activities are not successful, our net income may be reduced. In addition, certain countries in which we operate have adopted currency controls requiring that local transactions be settled only in local currency rather than in our functional currency, which is generally different than the local currency. Such controls could require us to hedge larger amounts of local currency than we otherwise would and/or prevent us from repatriating cash generated by our operations in such countries. 
 
 We may not have sufficient insurance coverage for potential claims and losses, which could leave us responsible for certain costs and damages. 
 
 We carry various forms of business and liability insurance in types and amounts we believe are reasonable and customary for similarly situated companies in our industry. However, our insurance program does not generally cover losses due to failure to comply with typical customer warranties for workmanship, product and medical device liability, intellectual property infringement, product recall claims, or environmental contamination. In particular, our insurance coverage with respect to damages to or closure of our facilities, or damages to our customers' products caused by cyberattacks and certain natural disasters, such as earthquakes, epidemics and pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), is limited and is subject to policy deductibles, coverage limits, and exclusions, and as a result, may not be sufficient to cover all of our losses. For example, our policies have very limited coverage for damages due to earthquakes or losses caused by business disruptions. In addition, such coverage may not continue to be available at commercially reasonable rates and terms. In addition, our policies generally have deductibles and/or limits or may be limited to certain lines or business or customer engagements that reduce the amount of our potential recoveries from insurance. As a result, not all of our potential business losses are covered under our insurance policies. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Should we sustain a significant uncovered loss, our net income will be reduced. Additionally, if one or more counterparties to our insurance coverage were to fail, we would bear the entire amount of an otherwise insured loss. 
 
 Recruiting and retaining our key personnel is critical to the continued growth of our business. 
 
 Our success depends upon the continued service of our key personnel, particularly our highly skilled sales and operations executives, managers and engineers with many years of experience in electronics and contracts manufacturing. Such individuals can be difficult to identify, recruit and retain and are heavily recruited by our competitors. As our key employees choose to retire or terminate their employment with us, we will be required to replace them with new employees with the required experience. Should we be unable to recruit new employees to fill key positions with us, our operations, financial controls and growth prospects could be negatively impacted. 
 
 We may not be successful in implementing and integrating strategic transactions or in divesting assets or businesses, which could harm our operating results; we could become required to book a charge to earnings should we determine that goodwill and other acquired assets are impaired. 
 
 From time to time, we may undertake strategic transactions that give us the opportunity to access new customers and new end markets, increase our proprietary product offerings, obtain new manufacturing and service capabilities and technologies, enter new geographic manufacturing locations, lower our manufacturing costs, increase our margins or further develop existing customer relationships. Strategic transactions involve a number of risks, uncertainties and costs, including integrating acquired operations and workforce, businesses and products, resolving quality issues involving acquired products, incurring severance and other restructuring costs, diverting management attention from their normal operational duties, maintaining customer, supplier or other favorable business relationships of acquired operations, terminating unfavorable commercial arrangements, losing key employees, integrating the systems of acquired operations into our management information systems and satisfying the liabilities of acquired businesses, including liability for past violations of law and material environmental liabilities. Any of these risks could cause our strategic transactions not to be ultimately profitable. We may also choose to divest plants, businesses or products lines in the future. Divestitures reduce revenue and, potentially, margins and can involve the risk of retained liabilities from the operations divested, including environmental liabilities. 
 
 In addition, we have in the past recorded, and may be required to record in the future, goodwill and other intangible assets in connection with our acquisitions. We evaluate, at least on an annual basis, whether events or circumstances have occurred that indicate all, or a portion, of the carrying amount of our goodwill and other intangible assets may no longer be recoverable. Should we determine in the future that our goodwill or other intangible assets have become impaired, an impairment charge to earnings would become necessary, which could be significant. For example, during our fiscal 2018 annual goodwill impairment analysis, we fully impaired goodwill of 31 million associated with the acquisition of a storage software business we purchased in 2016. 
 
 We are subject to risks associated with natural disasters and global events. 
 
 We conduct a significant portion of our activities, including manufacturing, administration and information technology management, in areas that have experienced natural disasters, such as major earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, tsunamis and epidemics or pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. In the event of a major earthquake or other disaster affecting one or more of our facilities, our operations and management information systems, which control our worldwide procurement, inventory management, shipping and billing activities, could be significantly disrupted. Such events could delay or prevent product manufacturing for an extended period of time. Any extended inability to continue our operations at affected facilities following such an event could reduce our revenue. 
 
 Risks Of Investing In Our Stock 
 
 The market price of our common stock is volatile and is impacted by factors other than our financial performance. 
 
 The stock market in recent years has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have affected our stock price. Recent stock market fluctuations related to the COVID-19 pandemic have been particularly significant. These fluctuations have often been unrelated to our operating performance. Factors that can cause such fluctuations include announcements by our customers, suppliers, competitors or other events affecting companies in the electronics industry, such as component shortages, currency fluctuations, the impact of natural disasters and global events, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical tensions, general market fluctuations and macroeconomic conditions, any of which may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate widely. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Properties 
 
 Facilities. Our customers sell their products throughout the world and therefore need access to manufacturing services globally. For this reason, we maintain facilities both near our major customers and their end markets and also in lower cost locations, including Latin America, Eastern Europe, China, India and Southeast Asia. Many of our plants located near customers or their end markets are focused primarily on new product introduction and high-level assembly and test, and plants located in lower cost areas are engaged primarily in higher volume, less complex component and subsystem manufacturing and assembly. 
 
 We continually evaluate our global manufacturing operations and adjust our facilities and operations to keep our manufacturing capacity in line with demand and our manufacturing strategy and to provide cost efficient services to our customers. As a result, we have closed certain facilities not required to satisfy current demand levels in the past and may continue to do so in the future. 
 
 As of October 2, 2021, the approximate square footage of our active manufacturing facilities by country was as follows: 
 Approximate Square Footage Australia 22,959 Bulgaria 190,973 Canada 136,237 China 2,084,658 Czech Republic 70,870 England 11,174 Finland 128,405 Germany 363,134 Hungary 499,661 India 366,278 Ireland 110,000 Israel 182,292 Malaysia 501,843 Mexico 2,234,186 Singapore 523,001 South Africa 3,810 Scotland 30,000 Sweden 102,526 Thailand 326,293 United States 2,801,904 Total 10,690,204 
 
 As of October 2, 2021, our active manufacturing facilities consist of nine million square feet in facilities that we own and two million square feet in leased facilities with lease terms expiring between 2022 and 2042. 
 
 We regularly evaluate our expected future facilities requirements and believe our existing facilities are adequate to meet our requirements for the next 12 months. 
 
 Certifications and Registrations. Certifications and registrations under industry standards are important to our business because many customers rely on them to confirm our adherence to manufacturing process and quality standards. Certain markets, such as telecommunications, medical, defense, aerospace, automotive and oil and gas, require adherence to industry-specific standards. Substantially all of our manufacturing facilities are certified to ISO 9001:2015, a standard published by the International Organization for Standardization. As part of the ISO 9001:2015 certification process, we have a highly developed quality management system and continually improve its effectiveness in accordance with its requirements. We use this certification to demonstrate our ability to consistently provide product that meets customer and applicable regulatory requirements and enhance customer satisfaction through its effective application. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

In addition to ISO 9001:2015, many of our facilities are TL 9000 6.0 certified. The TL 9000 quality system requirements and quality system metrics are designed specifically for the telecommunications industry to promote consistency and efficiency, reduce redundancy and improve customer satisfaction. Included in the TL 9000 system are performance-based metrics that quantify reliability and quality performance of the product. The majority of our facilities are also compliant with the standards set by Underwriters Laboratories (UL). These standards define requirements for quality, manufacturing process control and manufacturing documentation and are required by many OEMs in the communications sector of the electronics industry. 
 
 Our medical systems division has identified certain manufacturing facilities to be centers of excellence for medical products manufacturing. These facilities are ISO 13485:2016 certified and, where appropriate, FDA registered and MDSAP certified. All such facilities are fully compliant with the FDA's quality systems regulations. 
 
 Our defense and aerospace operations are headquartered in Huntsville, Alabama in a facility dedicated to meeting the specialized needs of our defense and aerospace customers. These defense and aerospace operations are AS9100 2016 certified and maintain other certifications in accordance with various U.S. military specifications, ANSI and other standards as appropriate for defense and aerospace suppliers. Other selected operations around the world are also AS9100 2016 certified. 
 
 Our automotive facilities are strategically located worldwide. Substantially all of our automotive facilities are certified to IATF16949:2016, the automotive industry standard. 
 
 Our oil and gas related manufacturing operations are, as applicable, certified to American Petroleum Institute (API) requirements. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 In June 2008, we were named by the Orange County Water District in a suit alleging that our actions contributed to polluted groundwater managed by the plaintiff. The complaint seeks recovery of compensatory and other damages, as well as declaratory relief, for the payment of costs necessary to investigate, monitor, remediate, abate and contain contamination of groundwater within the plaintiff s control. In April 2013, all claims against us were dismissed. The plaintiff appealed this dismissal and the appellate court reversed the judgment in August 2017. In November 2017, the California Supreme Court denied our petition to review this decision and, in December 2017, the Court of Appeals remanded the case back to the Superior Court for further proceedings. The first phase of a multi-phase trial commenced on April 12, 2021 and is expected to last for several more months. Subsequent trial phases, if necessary, likely would occur in the 2022/2023 timeframe. We are contesting the plaintiff s claims vigorously. 
 
 In October 2018, a contractor who had been retained by us through a third party temporary staffing agency filed a lawsuit in the Santa Clara County Superior Court on behalf of himself and all other similarly situated Company contractors and employees in California, alleging violations of California Labor Code provisions governing overtime, meal and rest periods, wages, wage statements and reimbursement of business expenses. The complaint sought certification of a class of all non-exempt employees. Although we continued to deny any wrongdoing, on November 19, 2020, we reached an agreement to resolve all claims (the Settlement ), which is also expected to result in the dismissal of a suit alleging substantially similar claims filed in the Santa Clara County Superior Court in June 2021. The final amount of the judicially approved settlement was approximately 3.8 million, which will be paid during the first quarter of fiscal 2022. 
 
 On December 20, 2019, we sued our former customer, Dialight plc Dialight ), in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York to collect approximately 10 million in unpaid accounts receivable and net obsolete inventory obligations. Later the same day, Dialight commenced its own action in the same court. Dialight s complaint, which asserts claims for fraudulent inducement, breach of contract and gross negligence/willful misconduct, alleges that we fraudulently misrepresented our capabilities to induce Dialight to enter into a Manufacturing Services Agreement Dialight MSA ), and then breached our obligations under the Dialight MSA relating to quality, on-time delivery and supply chain management. Dialight seeks an unspecified amount of compensatory and punitive damages. We continue to vigorously prosecute our claim against Dialight. Further, we strongly disagree with Dialight s allegations and intend to defend against them vigorously. 
 
 In addition, from time to time, we may become involved in routine legal proceedings, demands, claims, threatened litigation and regulatory inquiries and investigations, that arise in the normal course of our business. We record liabilities for 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 such matters when a loss becomes probable and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. The ultimate outcome of any litigation is uncertain and unfavorable outcomes could have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. Regardless of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us as a result of incurrence of litigation costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. 
 
 See also Note 10 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 Market Information 
 
 Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol SANM. As of November 4, 2021, we had approximately 819 holders of record of our common stock. 
 
 The following graph compares the cumulative 5-year total stockholder return on our common stock relative to the cumulative total returns of the S P 500 index and the NASDAQ Electronic Components index. An investment of 100 (with reinvestment of all dividends, if any) is assumed to have been made in our common stock on October 1, 2016 and in each of such indices at month end starting on October 1, 2016 and its relative performance is tracked through October 2, 2021. 

100 invested on 10/1/2016, including reinvestment of dividends, as applicable. Indexes calculated on a month-end basis. 
 
 Copyright @ 2021 Standard Poor's, a division of S P Global. All rights reserved. 
 
 10/1/2016 9/30/2017 9/29/2018 9/28/2019 10/3/2020 10/2/2021 Sanmina Corporation 100.00 130.49 96.94 112.82 93.26 137.62 S P 500 100.00 118.61 139.85 145.80 167.89 218.27 NASDAQ Electronic Components 100.00 138.58 160.30 168.74 248.54 350.95 
 
 Sanmina's stock price performance included in this graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Dividends 
 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. We currently expect to retain future earnings for use in our operations, for expansion of our business, and potentially for share repurchases and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Additionally, our ability to pay dividends is limited pursuant to covenants contained in our various debt agreements. See also Item 7-Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 
 Stock Repurchases 
 
 In October 2019, our Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase up to an additional 200 million of our common stock in the open market or in negotiated transactions off the market. This program has no expiration date. 
 
 The table below sets forth information regarding repurchases of our common stock during the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 Period (1) TOTAL NUMBER OF SHARES PURCHASED AVERAGE PRICE PAID PER SHARE (2) TOTAL NUMBER OF SHARES PURCHASED AS PART OF PUBLICLY ANNOUNCED PROGRAMS MAXIMUM DOLLAR VALUE OF SHARES THAT MAY YET BE PURCHASED UNDER THE PROGRAMS (2) Month #1 July 4, 2021 through July 31, 2021 113,166,027 Month #2 August 1, 2021 through August 28, 2021 113,166,027 Month #3 August 29, 2021 through October 2, 2021 827,402 39.12 827,402 80,799,702 Total 827,402 39.12 827,402 
 
 (1) All months shown are our fiscal months. 
 
 (2) Amounts do not include commissions payable on shares repurchased. The total average price paid per share is a weighted average based on the total number of shares repurchased during the period. 

35 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. [Reserved] 

36 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These statements relate to our expectations for future events and time periods. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed to be forward-looking statements, including any statements regarding trends in future revenue or results of operations, gross margin, operating margin, expenses, earnings or losses from operations, or cash flow; any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations and the anticipated benefits of such plans, strategies and objectives; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; any statements or expectations regarding litigation or pending investigations; any statements regarding expected restructuring costs and benefits; any statements concerning the adequacy of our current liquidity and the availability of additional sources of liquidity; any statements regarding the potential or expected impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, results of operations and financial condition; any statements regarding the future impact of supply chain shortages and changes in component pricing on our business; any statements regarding the future impact of potential tariffs on our business; any statements regarding the impact of changes in tax laws; any statements relating to the expected impact of accounting pronouncements not yet adopted; any statements regarding future repurchases of our common stock; any statements of expectation or belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Generally, the words anticipate, believe, plan, expect, future, intend, may, will, should, estimate, predict, potential, continue and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties, including those contained in Part I, Item 1A of this report. As a result, actual results could vary materially from those suggested by the forward looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly disclose any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring subsequent to filing this report with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Investors and others should note that we announce material financial information to our investors using our investor relations website http://ir.sanmina.com/investor-relations/overview/default.aspx , SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts. We use these channels to communicate with our investors and the public about us, our products and services and other issues. It is possible that the information we post on our investor relations website could be deemed to be material information. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in our company to review the information we post on our investor relations website. The contents of our investor relations website are not incorporated by reference into this annual report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC. 
 
 Overview 
 
 We are a leading global provider of integrated manufacturing solutions, components, products and repair, logistics and after-market services. Our revenue is generated from sales of our products and services primarily to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) that serve the industrial, medical, defense and aerospace, automotive, communications networks and cloud solutions industries. 
 
 Our operations are managed as two businesses: 
 
 1) Integrated Manufacturing Solutions (IMS). Our IMS segment consists of printed circuit board assembly and test, high-level assembly and test and direct-order-fulfillment. 
 
 2) Components, Products and Services (CPS). Components include interconnect systems (printed circuit board fabrication, backplanes, cable assemblies and plastic injection molding) and mechanical systems (enclosures and precision machining). Products include memory solutions from our Viking Technology division; high-performance storage platforms for hyperscale and enterprise solutions from our Viking Enterprise Solutions (VES) division; optical, radio frequency RF, optical and microelectronic (microE) design and manufacturing services from our Advanced Micro Systems Technologies division; defense and aerospace products from SCI Technology; and cloud-based manufacturing execution software from our 42Q division. Services include design, engineering and logistics and repair. 
 
 Our only reportable segment for financial reporting purposes is IMS, which represented approximately 80 of our total revenue in 2021. Our CPS business consists of multiple operating segments which do not individually meet the quantitative thresholds for being presented as reportable segments under the accounting rules for segment reporting. Therefore, financial information for these operating segments is aggregated and presented in a single category entitled Components, Products and Services . 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 All references in this section to years refer to our fiscal years ending on the Saturday nearest to September 30. Fiscal 2021 and 2019 were each 52-week years and fiscal 2020 was a 53-week year, with the extra week included in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. All references to years relate to fiscal years unless otherwise noted. 
 
 Our strategy is to leverage our comprehensive product and service offerings, advanced technologies and global capabilities to further penetrate diverse end markets that we believe offer significant growth opportunities and have complex products that require higher value-added services. We believe this strategy differentiates us from our competitors and will help drive more sustainable revenue growth and provide opportunities for us to ultimately achieve operating margins that exceed industry standards. 
 
 There are many challenges to successfully executing our strategy. For example, we compete with a number of companies in each of our key end markets. This includes companies that are much larger than we are and smaller companies that focus on a particular niche. Although we believe we are well-positioned in each of our key end markets and seek to differentiate ourselves from our competitors, competition remains intense and profitably growing our revenues has been challenging. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic created a unique and challenging environment in which our revenue and profitability in 2021 and 2020 were significantly and negatively impacted and will likely continue to be significantly and negatively impacted in at least the near term. 
 
 Our results of operations have been negatively impacted by rapidly changing market and economic conditions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as by numerous measures imposed by government authorities to try to contain the virus. These conditions and measures disrupted our operations and those of our customers, interrupted the supply of components, temporarily limited the types of products we could manufacture and the capacity of our logistics providers to deliver those products, and resulted in temporary closures of manufacturing sites and reduced staffing as mandated by government orders. Although employee infections have not yet had a significant impact on our operations, these conditions and measures require us to perform contact tracing, exclude potentially infected employees from the workplace and clean work areas used by infected employees. We are unable to accurately predict the full impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on us due to a number of uncertainties, including the duration of ongoing supply chain constraints directly and indirectly caused by the pandemic, the extent of the impact of the pandemic on our customers' businesses, the number of employees who may become infected or exposed to infected persons whom we would then be required to exclude from our plants, the need for temporary plant closures caused by large scale employee infections, the duration of the outbreak, the continued efficacy and availability of COVID-19 vaccines, the geographic locations of any future outbreaks, including outbreaks caused by variants of COVID-19 and actions that government authorities may take in response, such as the potential reimposition of government restrictions on staffing and the types of products we are permitted to build. However, we believe it is likely that the pandemic will continue to have a negative impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition for the foreseeable future. 
 
 Separately, over the past two years, we incurred restructuring charges of 29 million under our company-wide restructuring plan adopted in October 2019 ("Q1 FY20 Plan"). These charges consist primarily of severance, the majority of which had been paid as of the end of fiscal 2021. Remaining cash payments are expected to occur through the end of fiscal 2022. 
 
 Sales to our ten largest customers typically represent approximately 50 of our net sales in any given year. Sales to Nokia represented 10 or more of our net sales in 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 
 We typically generate about 80 of our net sales from products manufactured in our foreign operations. The concentration of foreign operations has resulted primarily from a desire on the part of many of our customers to manufacture in lower cost locations in regions such as Asia, Latin America and Eastern Europe. 
 
 Historically, we have had substantial recurring sales to existing customers. We typically enter into supply agreements with our major OEM customers. These agreements generally have terms ranging from three to five years and cover the manufacture of a range of products. Under these agreements, a customer typically purchases its requirements for specific products in particular geographic areas from us. However, these agreements generally do not obligate the customer to purchase minimum quantities of products, which can have the effect of reducing revenue and profitability. In addition, some customer contracts contain cost reduction objectives, which can also have the effect of reducing revenue from such customers. 
 
 The U.S., China, the E.U. and several other countries have imposed tariffs impacting certain imported products. Although our customers are generally liable to us for reimbursement of tariffs we pay on components imported for the manufacture of their products, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in recovering all of the tariffs that are owed to us. Unrecovered tariffs paid on behalf of our customers reduce our gross margins. Also, although we are required to pay 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 tariffs upon importation of the components, we may not recover these amounts from customers until sometime later, which adversely impacts our operating cash flow in a given period. However, we currently do not expect the net impact of tariffs, after recovery from customers, to be material to us. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Management's discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP"). We review the accounting policies used in reporting our financial results on a regular basis. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net sales and expenses and related disclosure of contingent liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate the process used to develop estimates related to accounts receivable, inventories, income taxes, environmental matters, litigation and other contingencies. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the global economy and financial markets were disrupted and there is a significant amount of uncertainty about the length and severity of the consequences caused by the pandemic. We have considered information available to us as of the date of issuance of these financial statements and, other than the impairments described in Note 5, are not aware of any specific events or circumstances that would require an update to our estimates or judgments, or a revision to the carrying value of our assets or liabilities. Our estimates may change as new events occur and additional information becomes available. Our actual results may differ materially from these estimates. 
 
 We believe the following critical accounting policies reflect the more significant judgments and estimates used by us in preparing our consolidated financial statements: 
 
 Revenue Recognition. We derive revenue principally from sales of integrated manufacturing solutions, components and Company-proprietary products. Other sources of revenue include logistic and repair services; design, development and engineering services; defense and aerospace programs; and sales of raw materials to customers whose requirements change after we have procured inventory to fulfill the customer s forecasted demand. 
 
 For purposes of determining when to recognize revenue, and in what amount, we apply a 5-step model: (1) identify the contract with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) we satisfy a performance obligation. Each of these steps may involve the use of significant judgments. 
 
 We recognize revenue for the majority of our contracts on an over time basis. This is due to the fact that 1) we do not have an alternative use for the end products we manufacture for our customers and have an enforceable right to payment, including a reasonable profit, for work-in-progress upon a customer s cancellation of a contract for convenience or 2) our customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by our services. For these contracts, revenue is recognized on an over time basis using the cost-to-cost method (ratio of costs incurred to date to total estimated costs at completion) which we believe best depicts the transfer of control to the customer. Revenue streams for which revenue is recognized on an over time basis include sales of vertically integrated manufacturing solutions (integrated manufacturing solutions and components); logistics and repair services; design, development and engineering services; and defense and aerospace programs. 
 
 Application of the cost-to-cost method for government contracts in our Defense and Aerospace division requires the use of significant judgments with respect to estimated materials, labor and subcontractor costs. This division is an operating segment whose results are aggregated with ten other operating segments and reported under CPS for segment reporting purposes. In 2021, CPS revenue and gross profit were 1.3 billion and 177 million, respectively. 
 
 We update our estimates of materials, labor and subcontractor costs on a quarterly basis. These updated estimates are reviewed each quarter by a group of employees that includes representatives from numerous functions such as engineering, materials, contracts, manufacturing, program management, finance and senior management. If a change in estimate is deemed necessary, the impact of the change is recognized in the period of change. 
 
 For contracts for which revenue is required to be recognized at a point-in-time, we recognize revenue when we have transferred control of the related goods, which generally occurs upon shipment or delivery of the goods to the customer. Revenue streams for which revenue is recognized at a point-in-time include Company-proprietary products and sales of raw materials. 
 
 Inventories We state inventories at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out method) and net realizable value. Cost includes raw materials, labor and manufacturing overhead. We regularly evaluate the carrying value of our inventories and make provisions to reduce excess and obsolete inventories to their estimated net realizable values. The ultimate realization of 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 inventory carrying amounts is affected by changes in customer demand for inventory that customers are not contractually obligated to purchase and inventory held for specific customers who are experiencing financial difficulties. Inventory write-downs are recorded based on forecasted demand, past experience with specific customers, the ability to redistribute inventory to other programs or return inventories to our suppliers, and whether customers are contractually obligated and have the ability to pay for the related inventory. Certain payments received from customers for inventories that have not been shipped to customers or otherwise disposed of are netted against inventory. 
 
 We generally procure inventory based on specific customer orders and forecasts. Customers generally have limited rights of modification (for example, rescheduling or cancellations) with respect to specific orders. Customer modifications of orders affecting inventory previously procured by us and our purchases of inventory beyond customer needs may result in excess and obsolete inventory. Although we may be able to use some excess inventory for other products we manufacture, a portion of this excess inventory may not be returnable to vendors or recoverable from customers. Write-offs or write-downs of inventory could be caused by: 
 
 changes in customer demand for inventory, such as cancellation of orders, and our purchases of inventory beyond customer needs that result in excess quantities on hand that we are not able to return to the vendor, use to fulfill orders from other customers or charge back to the customer; 
 financial difficulties experienced by specific customers for whom we hold inventory; and 
 declines in the market value of inventory. 
 
 Long-lived Assets We review property, plant and equipment for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. An asset group is the unit of accounting that represents the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets. An asset or asset group is considered impaired if its carrying amount exceeds the undiscounted future net cash flows the asset or asset group is expected to generate. If an asset or asset group is considered impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset or asset group exceeds its fair value. For asset groups for which a building is the primary asset, we estimate fair value primarily based on data provided by commercial real estate brokers. For other assets, we estimate fair value based on projected discounted future net cash flows, which requires significant judgment. 
 
 Income Taxes We estimate our income tax provision or benefit in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate, including estimating exposures related to examinations by taxing authorities. We believe our accruals for tax liabilities are adequate for all open years based on our assessment of many factors, including past experience and interpretations of tax law applied to the facts of each matter. Although we believe our accruals for tax liabilities are adequate, tax regulations are subject to interpretation and the tax controversy process is inherently lengthy and uncertain; therefore, our assessments can involve a series of complex judgments about future events and rely heavily on estimates and assumptions. To the extent the probable tax outcome of these matters changes, such changes in estimate will impact our income tax provision in the period in which such determination is made. We only recognize or continue to recognize tax positions that meet a more likely than not threshold of being upheld. Interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are recognized as a component of income tax expense. 
 
 We must also make judgments regarding the realizability of deferred tax assets. The carrying value of our net deferred tax assets is based on our belief that it is more likely than not that we will generate sufficient future taxable income in certain jurisdictions to realize these deferred tax assets. We evaluate positive and negative evidence each reporting period when assessing the need for a valuation allowance. A valuation allowance is established for deferred tax assets if we believe realization of such assets is not more likely than not. Our judgments regarding future taxable income may change due to changes in market conditions, new or modified tax laws, tax planning strategies or other factors. If our assumptions, and consequently our estimates, change in the future, the valuation allowances we have established may be increased or decreased, resulting in a respective increase or decrease in income tax expense. 
 
 Our effective tax rate is highly dependent upon the amount and geographic distribution of our worldwide income or losses, the tax regulations, rates and holidays in each geographic region, the utilization of net operating losses, the availability of tax credits and carryforwards, and the effectiveness of our tax planning strategies. 

41 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 
 Years Ended October 2, 2021, October 3, 2020 and September 28, 2019. 
 
 The following table presents our key operating results. 
 Year Ended October 2, 2021 October 3, 2020 September 28, 2019 (In thousands) Net sales 6,756,643 6,960,370 8,233,859 Gross profit 551,805 525,707 591,938 Gross margin 8.2 7.6 7.2 Operating expenses 270,505 298,020 305,821 Operating income 281,300 227,687 286,117 Operating margin 4.2 3.3 3.5 Net income 268,998 139,713 141,515 
 
 Net Sales 
 
 Net sales decreased from 7.0 billion for 2020 to 6.8 billion for 2021, a decrease of 2.9 . Net sales decreased from 8.2 billion for 2019 to 7.0 billion for 2020, a decrease of 15.5 . Sales by end market were as follows: 
 Year Ended 2021 vs. 2020 
 2020 vs. 2019 
 October 2, 2021 October 3, 2020 September 28, 2019 Increase/(Decrease) Increase/(Decrease) (Dollars in thousands) Industrial, Medical, Defense and Automotive 3,890,041 4,127,720 4,572,006 (237,679) (5.8) (444,286) (9.7) Communications Networks and Cloud Infrastructure 2,866,602 2,832,650 3,661,853 33,952 1.2 (829,203) (22.6) Total 6,756,643 6,960,370 8,233,859 (203,727) (2.9) (1,273,489) (15.5) 
 
 Comparison of 2021 to 2020 by End Market 
 
 The decrease in sales in our industrial, medical, defense and automotive end market was caused primarily by the continuing negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2021, which resulted in supply shortages, restrictions on the types of products we could manufacture and disruptions to our operations and those of our customers. In particular, there was a shortage of components in our industrial segment starting in the second half of 2021 that prevented us from shipping all of the product for which we had demand. The slight increase in sales in our communications networks and cloud infrastructure end market was primarily due to a more significant impact from the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 than in 2021. 
 
 Comparison of 2020 to 2019 by End Market 
 
 The decrease in sales was caused primarily by two factors. First, sales in 2019 were favorably impacted by the increased availability of components, the availability of which had been constrained in 2018. Improved availability of these components in 2019 allowed us to catch up to pent-up demand, beginning in the first quarter of 2019 and continuing throughout 2019. Secondly, beginning in the second quarter of 2020, our sales were negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, which resulted in supply shortages, restrictions on the types of products we could manufacture and disruptions to our operations and those of our customers. 
 
 Gross Margin 
 
 Gross margin was 8.2 , 7.6 and 7.2 in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. IMS gross margin increased to 7.1 in 2021 from 6.7 in 2020, primarily due to increased operational efficiencies and the benefit of cost reduction and containment efforts implemented in 2020, some of which were in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. CPS gross margin increased to 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 12.7 in 2021 from 11.5 in 2020, primarily due to increased volume, operational efficiencies, favorable product mix and the benefit of cost reduction and containment efforts described above. 
 
 IMS gross margin increased to 6.7 in 2020 from 6.4 in 2019. The increase was primarily due to cost reduction and containment efforts implemented in 2020, some of which were in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Additionally, our self-insured medical claims in the U.S. were significantly lower in 2020 primarily because elective medical procedures were suspended in most states throughout a portion of the year due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Lastly, certain of our foreign subsidiaries received government subsidies in 2020 to help mitigate the impact of COVID-19. CPS gross margin increased to 11.5 in 2020 from 10 in 2019. The increase was primarily due to continued benefits of certain plant closures during the past two years and the factors described above with respect to IMS gross margin. 
 
 We have experienced fluctuations in gross margin in the past and may continue to do so in the future. Fluctuations in our gross margin may be caused by a number of factors, including: 
 
 the ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations and those of our suppliers and on our customers' businesses; 
 capacity utilization which, if lower, results in lower margins due to fixed costs being absorbed by lower volumes; 
 changes in the mix of high and low margin products demanded by our customers; 
 competition in the EMS industry and pricing pressures from OEMs due to greater focus on cost reduction; 
 the amount of our provisions for excess and obsolete inventory, including those associated with distressed customers; 
 levels of operational efficiency and production yields; and 
 our ability to transition the location of and ramp manufacturing and assembly operations when requested by a customer in a timely and cost-effective manner. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses were 234.5 million, 240.9 million and 260.0 million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. As a percentage of net sales, selling, general and administrative expenses were 3.5 , 3.5 and 3.2 for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The decrease in absolute dollars in 2021 was primarily attributable to reduced headcount in 2021 resulting from continued actions under our Q1 FY20 Plan and reduced travel and certain other expenses in 2021 in continued response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The decrease in absolute dollars 2020 was primarily due to lower incentive compensation expense, reduced headcount in 2020 resulting from actions under our Q1 FY20 Plan, and reduced travel and certain other expenses in 2020 in response to the COVID-19 pandemic . 
 
 Research and Development 
 
 Research and development expenses were 20.9 million, 22.6 million and 27.6 million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. As a percentage of net sales, research and development expenses were 0.3 , 0.3 and 0.3 in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The decrease in absolute dollars from 2019 to 2020 resulted primarily from reduced headcount as a result of consolidating engineering resources in our enterprise computing and storage end market. 
 
 Restructuring 
 
 Restructuring costs were 15 million, 27 million, and 14 million in 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

The following table is a summary of restructuring costs: 
 Year Ended October 2, 2021 October 3, 2020 September 28, 2019 (In thousands) Severance costs 9,405 17,919 Other exit costs (recognized as incurred) 1,834 71 Total - Q1 FY20 Plan 11,239 17,990 Costs incurred for other plans 3,818 8,793 13,753 Total - all plans 
 15,057 26,783 13,753 
 Q1 FY20 Plan 
 On October 28, 2019, we adopted a Company-wide restructuring plan ("Q1 FY20 Plan") under which we have incurred restructuring costs of approximately 29 million as of October 2, 2021. These costs consist primarily of severance, the majority of which had been paid as of the end of fiscal 2021. Remaining cash payments are expected to occur through the end of fiscal 2022. Actions under this plan are substantially complete. 
 
 Other plans 
 Other plans include a number of plans for which costs are not expected to be material individually or in the aggregate. 
 All Plans 
 Our Integrated Manufacturing Solutions ("IMS") segment incurred costs of 9 million and 13 million for the year ended October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, respectively. Our CPS segment incurred costs of 5 million and 9 million for the years ended October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, respectively. In addition, we incurred costs of 1 million and 5 million for the years ended October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, respectively, for corporate headcount reductions that were not allocated to our IMS and CPS segments. We had accrued liabilities of 6 million and 9 million as of October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, respectively, for restructuring costs (exclusive of long-term environmental remediation liabilities). 
 
 We expect to incur restructuring costs in future periods primarily for vacant facilities and former sites for which we are or may be responsible for environmental remediation. 
 
 Goodwill Impairment 
 
 During the second quarter of 2020, commodity prices in the oil and gas market experienced a sharp decline due to a combination of an oversaturated supply and a decrease in demand caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. This commodity price decline negatively impacted the projected cash flows of our oil and gas reporting unit, which is part of our CPS operating segment. Therefore, we performed a goodwill impairment test for this particular reporting unit and concluded that the fair value of the reporting unit was below its carrying value, resulting in an impairment charge of 7 million. The fair value of the reporting unit was estimated based on the present value of future discounted cash flows. We had no such charges in 2019. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Interest expense was 19.6 million, 28.9 million and 30.8 million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Interest expense decreased 9 million in 2021 primarily due to lower daily average borrowings under our revolving credit facility. 
 
 Other Income (Expense), net 
 
 Other income (expense) was a net income of 44.3 million in 2021, a net expense of 0.3 million in 2020 and a net expense of 10.8 million in 2019. Other net income in 2021 consists primarily of a 15 million gain from the sale of certain intellectual property assets, an 8 million gain on liquidation of a foreign entity and receipt of payments of 16 million in connection with settlements of certain anti-trust class action matters. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Provision for Income Taxes 
 
 We recorded income tax expense of 38.0 million, 61.0 million and 104.1 million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Our effective tax rate was 12.4 , 30.4 and 42.4 for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 Our effective tax rate for 2021 was lower than the expected U.S. statutory rate of 21 primarily due to a 43 million tax benefit resulting from the release of foreign tax reserves due to lapse of time and expiration of statutes of limitations. 
 
 Our effective tax rate for 2020 was lower than 2019 primarily due to a tax-related restructuring transaction in 2019 that resulted in deferred tax expense of 22 million. 
 
 A valuation allowance is established or maintained when, based on currently available information and other factors, it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. We regularly assess our valuation allowance against deferred tax assets on a jurisdiction by jurisdiction basis. We consider all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and recent financial results. Significant judgment is required in assessing our ability to generate revenue, gross profit, operating income and jurisdictional taxable income in future periods. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Year Ended October 2, 2021 October 3, 2020 September 28, 2019 (In thousands) Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 338,342 300,555 382,965 Investing activities (91,325) (64,409) (127,641) Financing activities (77,318) (210,280) (220,218) Effect of exchange rate changes (199) (81) 107 Increase in cash and cash equivalents 169,500 25,785 35,213 
 
 Key Working Capital Management Measures 
 As of October 2, 2021 October 3, 2020 Days sales outstanding (1) 64 54 Contract asset days (2) 19 20 Inventory turns (3) 6.3 7.3 Days inventory on hand (4) 58 50 Accounts payable days (5) 83 70 Cash cycle days (6) 58 54 
 
 (1) Days sales outstanding (a measure of how quickly we collect our accounts receivable), or "DSO", is calculated as the ratio of average accounts receivable, net, to average daily net sales for the quarter. 
 
 (2) Contract asset days (a measure of how quickly we transfer contract assets to accounts receivable) are calculated as the ratio of average contract assets to average daily net sales for the quarter. 
 
 (3) Inventory turns (annualized) (a measure of how quickly we sell inventory) are calculated as the ratio of four times our cost of sales for the quarter to average inventory. 
 
 (4) Days inventory on hand (a measure of how quickly we turn inventory into sales) is calculated as the ratio of average inventory for the quarter to average daily cost of sales for the quarter. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 (5) Accounts payable days (a measure of how quickly we pay our suppliers), or "DPO", is calculated as the ratio of 365 days to accounts payable turns, in which accounts payable turns is calculated as the ratio of four times our cost of sales for the quarter to average accounts payable. 
 
 (6) Cash cycle days (a measure of how quickly we convert investments in inventory to cash) is calculated as days inventory on hand plus days sales outstanding minus accounts payable days. 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents were 650 million at October 2, 2021 and 481 million at October 3, 2020. Our cash levels vary during any given period depending on the timing of collections from customers and payments to suppliers, borrowings under credit facilities, sales of accounts receivable under numerous programs we utilize, repurchases of capital stock and other factors. Our working capital was approximately 1.5 billion and 1.3 billion as of October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, respectively. 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 338 million, 301 million and 383 million for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Cash flows from operating activities consists of: (1) net income adjusted to exclude non-cash items such as depreciation and amortization, deferred income taxes and stock-based compensation expense and (2) changes in net operating assets, which are comprised of accounts receivable, contract assets, inventories, prepaid expenses and other assets, accounts payable, accrued liabilities and other long-term liabilities. Our working capital metrics tend to fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter based on factors such as the linearity of our shipments to customers and purchases from suppliers, customer and supplier mix, and payment terms with customers and suppliers. These fluctuations can significantly affect our cash flows from operating activities. 
 
 During 2021, we generated 423 million of cash from earnings, excluding non-cash items, and used 84 million of cash because of an increase in our net operating assets and liabilities, resulting primarily from increases in accounts receivable and inventories of 147 million and 167 million, respectively, partially offset by an increase in accounts payable of 236 million. The increase in accounts receivable is primarily attributable to reduced sales of accounts receivable and an unfavorable shift in linearity of product shipment to customers. The increase in inventory is primarily due to shortages of certain components that prevented us from shipping all products for which we had both demand and other components necessary to build such products. The increase in accounts payable is due primarily to a favorable shift in supplier payment terms mix from suppliers with whom we have shorter payment terms to suppliers with whom we have longer payment terms and a favorable shift in the linearity of material receipts. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 91 million, 64 million and 128 million for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. In 2021, we used 73 million of cash for capital expenditures, paid 21 million in connection with a business combination, purchased 3 million of long-term investments and received 5 million from the sale of certain intellectual property assets. In 2020, we used 66 million of cash for capital expenditures. 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 77 million, 210 million and 220 million for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. In 2021, we repurchased 64 million of common stock (including 10 million in settlement of employee tax withholding obligations), repaid an aggregate of 19 million of long-term debt, received 3 million of proceeds from issuances of common stock pursuant to stock option exercises and received 3 million of installment payments from the sale of certain intellectual property assets. In 2020, we repurchased 179 million of common stock (including 13 million in settlement of employee tax withholding obligations), repaid an aggregate of 39 million of long-term debt and received 8 million of proceeds from issuances of common stock pursuant to stock option exercises. 
 
 Senior Secured Notes Due 2019 ("Secured Notes") . In 2014, we issued 375 million of Secured Notes that matured on June 1, 2019 and paid interest at an annual rate of 4.375 . During the third quarter of 2019, we repaid the Secured Notes upon maturity using the proceeds from a term loan provided for in our Amended Cash Flow Revolver. There was no gain or loss associated with the extinguishment of the Secured Notes. 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility. During the first quarter of 2019, we entered into a Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement that provides for a committed 375 million term loan ("Term Loan"), which was further amended on April 5, 2019 to provide for a total of 700 million in revolving commitments, together with an accordion feature by which we can obtain, subject to the satisfaction of specified conditions and commitment of the lenders, additional revolving commitments in an aggregate amount of up to 200 million (the "Amended Cash Flow Revolver"). 
 
 Loans under the Amended Cash Flow Revolver bear interest, at our option, at either the LIBOR or a base rate, in each case plus a spread determined based on our credit rating. Interest on the loans is payable quarterly in arrears with respect to base 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 rate loans and at the end of an interest period in the case of LIBOR loans. The outstanding principal amount of all loans under the Amended Cash Flow Revolver, including, the Term Loan, together with accrued and unpaid interest, is due on November 30, 2023 and we are required to repay a portion of the principal amount of the loan equal to 1.25 in quarterly installments. 
 
 Our and our subsidiary guarantors obligations under the Amended Cash Flow Revolver are secured by substantially all of the assets (excluding real property) of Sanmina and its subsidiary guarantors, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
 As of October 2, 2021, no borrowings and 8 million of letters of credit were outstanding under the Amended Cash Flow Revolver, under which 692 million was available to borrow. There were no borrowings outstanding under the Amended Cash Flow Revolver as of October 3, 2020. 
 
 Short-term Borrowing Facilities . As of October 2, 2021, certain of our foreign subsidiaries had a total of 69 million of short-term borrowing facilities available, under which no borrowings were outstanding. These facilities expire at various dates through the first quarter of 2023. 
 
 Debt Covenants 
 
 The Amended Cash Flow Revolver requires us to comply with a minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio, measured at the end of each fiscal quarter, and at all times a maximum consolidated leverage ratio. The Amended Cash Flow Revolver contains customary affirmative covenants, including covenants regarding the payment of taxes and other obligations, maintenance of insurance, reporting requirements and compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Further, the Amended Cash Flow Revolver contains customary negative covenants limiting our ability and that of our subsidiaries to, among other things, incur debt, grant liens, make investments, make acquisitions, make certain restricted payments and sell assets, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
 As of October 2, 2021, we were in compliance with our covenants. 
 
 Other Liquidity Matters 
 
 Our Board of Directors has authorized us to repurchase shares of our common stock, subject to a dollar limitation. The timing of repurchases depend upon capital needs to support the growth of our business, market conditions and other factors. Although stock repurchases are intended to increase stockholder value, purchases of shares reduce our liquidity. During the first quarter of 2020, the Board of Directors authorized us to purchase 200 million of our common stock on the same terms as previously approved repurchase programs with no expiration date. We repurchased 1.5 million and 6.4 million shares of our common stock for 54 million and 166 million in the open market in 2021 and 2020 under this program, respectively. As of October 2, 2021, 81 million remains available under the current authorized program. Although stock repurchases are intended to increase stockholder value by reducing the number of outstanding shares and to offset the dilution that results from the issuance of shares under our equity plans, repurchases of shares also reduce our liquidity. As a result, the timing of future repurchases depends upon our future capital needs, market conditions and other factors. 
 
 We entered into a Receivables Purchase Agreement (the RPA with certain third-party banking institutions for the sale of trade receivables generated from sales to certain customers, subject to acceptance by, and a funding commitment from, the banks that are party to the RPA. As of October 2, 2021, a maximum of 554 million of sold receivables can be outstanding at any point in time under this program, as amended, subject to limitations under our Amended Cash Flow Revolver. Additionally, the amount available under the RPA is uncommitted and, as such, is available at the discretion of our third-party banking institutions. On January 16, 2019, we entered into an amendment to our Amended Cash Flow Revolver which increased the percentage of our total accounts receivable that can be sold and outstanding at any time from 30 to 40 . Trade receivables sold pursuant to the RPA are serviced by us. 
 
 In addition to the RPA, we have the option to participate in trade receivables sales programs that have been implemented by certain of our customers, as in effect from time to time. We do not service trade receivables sold under these other programs. 
 
 The sale of receivables under all of these programs is subject to the approval of the banks or customers involved and there can be no assurance that we will be able to sell the maximum amount of receivables permitted by these programs when desired. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Under each of the programs noted above, we sell our entire interest in a trade receivable for 100 of face value, less a discount. For the years ended October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, we sold 0.5 billion and 1.7 billion, respectively, of accounts receivable under these programs. Upon sale, these receivables are removed from the consolidated balance sheets and cash received is presented as cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. Discounts on sold receivables were not material for any period presented. As of October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, 7 million and 97 million, respectively, of accounts receivable sold under the RPA and subject to servicing by us remained outstanding and had not yet been collected. Our sole risk with respect to receivables we service is with respect to commercial disputes regarding such receivables. Commercial disputes include billing errors, returns and similar matters. To date, we have not been required to repurchase any receivable we have sold due to a commercial dispute. Additionally, we are required to remit amounts collected as servicer on a weekly basis to the financial institutions that purchased the receivables. As of October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, 18 million and 39 million, respectively, had been collected but not yet remitted. This amount is classified in accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 We enter into forward interest rate swap agreements with independent counterparties to partially hedge the variability in cash flows due to changes in the benchmark interest rate (LIBOR) associated with anticipated variable rate borrowings. These interest rate swaps have a maturity date of December 1, 2023, and effectively converts a portion of our variable interest rate obligations under our Amended Cash Flow Revolver to fixed interest rate obligations. These swaps are accounted for as cash flow hedges under ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging. Interest rate swaps with an aggregate notional amount of 350 million were outstanding as of October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020. The aggregate effective interest rate of these swaps as of October 2, 2021 was approximately 4.3 . Due to a decline in interest rates since the time the swaps were put in place, these interest rate swaps had a negative value of 19 million as of October 2, 2021, of which 9 million is included in accrued liabilities and the remaining amount is included in other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, we are or may become party to legal proceedings, claims and other contingencies, including environmental, warranty and employee matters and examinations by government agencies. As of October 2, 2021, we had accrued liabilities of 37 million related to such matters. We cannot accurately predict the outcome of these matters or the amount or timing of cash flows that may be required to defend ourselves or to settle such matters or that these reserves will be sufficient to fully satisfy our contingent liabilities. 
 
 As of October 2, 2021, we had a liability of 85 million for uncertain tax positions. Our estimate of liabilities for uncertain tax positions is based on a number of subjective assessments, including the likelihood of a tax obligation being assessed, the amount of taxes (including interest and penalties) that would ultimately be payable, and our ability to settle any such obligations on favorable terms. Therefore, the amount of future cash flows associated with uncertain tax positions may be significantly higher or lower than our recorded liability and we are unable to reliably estimate when cash settlement may occur. 
 
 Our liquidity needs are largely dependent on changes in our working capital, including sales of accounts receivable under our receivables sales programs and the extension of trade credit by our suppliers, investments in manufacturing inventory, facilities and equipment, repayments of obligations under outstanding indebtedness and repurchases of common stock. In 2021, we generated 338 million of cash from operations and had 650 million of cash and cash equivalents as October 2, 2021. Our primary sources of liquidity as of October 2, 2021 consisted of (1) cash and cash equivalents of 650 million; (2) our Amended Cash Flow Revolver, under which 692 million, net of outstanding borrowings and letters of credit, was available; (3) our foreign short-term borrowing facilities of 69 million, all of which was available; (4) proceeds from the sale of accounts receivable under our receivables sales programs and (5) cash generated from operations. Subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, including obtaining additional commitments from existing and/or new lenders, we may increase the revolver commitments under the Amended Cash Flow Revolver by an additional 200 million. 
 
 We believe our existing cash resources and other sources of liquidity, together with cash generated from operations, will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements through at least the next 12 months. However, should demand for our services decrease significantly over the next 12 months or should we experience significant increases in delinquent or uncollectible accounts receivable for any reason, including in particular continued or worsening economic conditions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, our cash provided by operations could decrease significantly and we could be required to seek additional sources of liquidity to continue our operations at their current level. 
 
 We distribute our cash among a number of financial institutions that we believe to be of high quality. However, there can be no assurance that one or more of such institutions will not become insolvent in the future, in which case all or a portion of our uninsured funds on deposit with such institutions could be lost. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 As of October 2, 2021, 62 of our cash balance was held in the United States. Should we choose or need to remit cash to the United States from our foreign locations, we may incur tax obligations which would reduce the amount of cash ultimately available to the United States. We believe that cash held in the United States, together with liquidity available under our Amended Cash Flow Revolver and cash from foreign subsidiaries that could be remitted to the United States without tax consequences, will be sufficient to meet our United States liquidity needs for at least the next twelve months. 

Contractual Obligations 
 
 As part of our ongoing operations, we enter into contractual arrangements that obligate us to make future cash payments. These obligations impact our liquidity and capital resource needs. Our estimated future obligations consist of leases, the Term Loan, pension plan funding obligations and unrecognized tax benefits as of October 2, 2021. 
 
 A summary of our operating lease obligations as of October 2, 2021 can be found in Note 8, Leases , to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report. 
 
 A summary of our long-term debt obligations as of October 2, 2021 can be found in Note 7, Debt , to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report. 
 
 We have defined benefit pension plans with an underfunded amount of 46 million as of October 2, 2021. We will be required to provide additional funding to these plans in the future if our returns on plan assets are not sufficient to meet our funding obligations. Additionally, as of October 2, 2021, we were unable to reliably estimate when cash settlements with taxing authorities may occur with respect to our long-term liabilities arising from unrecognized tax benefits of 85 million. 
 
 We also have outstanding firm purchase orders with certain suppliers for the purchase of inventory, which are not included in the table above. These purchase orders are generally short-term in nature. Orders for standard, or catalog, items can typically be canceled with little or no financial penalty. Our policy regarding non-standard or customized items dictates that such items are only ordered specifically for customers who have contractually assumed liability for the inventory, although exceptions are made to this policy in certain situations. In addition, a substantial portion of catalog items covered by our purchase orders are procured for specific customers based on their purchase orders or a forecast under which the customer has contractually assumed liability for such material. Accordingly, our liability from purchase obligations under these purchase orders is not expected to be significant. Lastly, pursuant to arrangements under which vendors consign inventory to us, we may be required to purchase such inventory after a certain period of time. To date, we have not been required to purchase a significant amount of inventory pursuant to these time limitations. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 As of October 2, 2021, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC, that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in our financial condition, revenues, or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources that is material to investors. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Our primary exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates to our Term Loan of 333 million under our Amended Cash Flow Revolver for which the interest rate we pay is determined at the time of borrowing based on a floating index. As of October 2, 2021, we had interest rate swaps with an aggregate notional amount of 350 million that effectively convert 350 million of our outstanding floating rate debt to fixed rate debt. An immediate 10 percent change in interest rates would not have a significant impact on our results of operations. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 
 We transact business in foreign currencies. Our foreign exchange policy requires that we take certain steps to limit our foreign exchange exposures resulting from certain assets and liabilities and forecasted cash flows. However, our policy does not require us to hedge all foreign exchange exposures. Furthermore, our foreign currency hedges are based on forecasted transactions and estimated balances, the amount of which may differ from that actually incurred. As a result, we can experience foreign exchange gains and losses in our results of operations. 
 
 Our primary foreign currency cash flows are in certain Asian and European countries, Israel, Brazil and Mexico. We enter into short-term foreign currency forward contracts to hedge currency exposures associated with certain monetary assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies. These contracts generally have maturities of up to two months. Accordingly, these forward contracts are not designated as part of a hedging relationship for accounting purposes. All outstanding foreign currency forward contracts are marked-to-market at the end of the period with unrealized gains and losses included in other income (expense), net, in the consolidated statements of income. As of October 2, 2021, we had outstanding foreign currency forward contracts to exchange various foreign currencies for U.S. dollars in an aggregate notional amount of 353 million. 
 
 We also utilize foreign currency forward contracts to hedge certain operational cash flow exposures resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Such exposures result from (1) forecasted non-functional currency sales and (2) forecasted non-functional currency materials, labor, overhead and other expenses. These contracts may be up to twelve months in duration and are designated as cash flow hedges for accounting purposes. The effective portion of changes in the fair value of the contracts is recorded in stockholders' equity as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income and recognized in earnings when the hedged item affects earnings. We had forward contracts related to cash flow hedges in various foreign currencies in an aggregate notional amount of 110 million as of October 2, 2021. 
 
 The net impact of an immediate 10 percent change in exchange rates would not be material to our consolidated financial statements, provided we accurately forecast and estimate our foreign currency exposure. If such forecasts are materially inaccurate, we could incur significant gains or losses. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 The information required by this item is included below and incorporated by reference from the financial statement schedule included in Part IV-Item 15(a)(2) . 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Sanmina Corporation 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Sanmina Corporation and its subsidiaries (the Company as of October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 2, 2021, including the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of October 2, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 2, 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of October 2, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Changes in Accounting Principles 
 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for leases in 2020 and the manner in which it accounts for revenue in 2019. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Revenue Recognition - Cost-to-cost method for government contracts in the Defense and Aerospace division 
 
 As described in Notes 2 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, revenues for the CPS segment were 1.3 billion for the year ended October 2, 2021, of which the defense and aerospace division represents a portion of the segment. The Company recognizes revenue for defense and aerospace government contracts on an over time basis using the cost-to-cost method (ratio of costs incurred to date to total estimated costs at completion), which management believes best depicts the transfer of control to the customer. Recognition of revenue on government contracts requires the use of significant judgment with respect to estimated materials, labor, and subcontractor costs. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to revenue recognition - cost-to-cost method for government contracts in the defense and aerospace division is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management when determining the estimated costs for such contracts, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and in evaluating the audit evidence related to management s determination of estimated materials, labor, and subcontractor costs. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the revenue recognition process, including controls over the cost-to-cost method for government contracts in the defense and aerospace division. These procedures also included, among others, (i) testing management s process for determining the estimation of costs for a sample of defense and aerospace government contracts, (ii) testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the estimate, and (iii) evaluating the reasonableness of management s determination of estimated materials, labor, and subcontractor costs. Evaluating the reasonableness of the estimated materials, labor and subcontractor costs used involved assessing management s ability to reasonably estimate costs for government contracts by assessing the nature and status of government contracts, performing retrospective reviews of government contract estimates and changes in estimates over time, and obtaining evidence to support estimated costs. 
 
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 
 San Jose, California 
 November 12, 2021 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2016. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 SANMINA CORPORATION 
 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 As of October 2, 2021 October 3, 2020 (In thousands, except par value) ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowances of approximately million and million as of October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, respectively 
 Contract assets Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Deferred income tax assets, net Other Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Accrued payroll and related benefits Short-term debt, including current portion of long-term debt Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities: Long-term debt Other Total long-term liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 10) Stockholders' equity: Preferred stock, par value, authorized shares, issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, par value, authorized shares; and shares issued and and shares outstanding as of October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, respectively 
 Treasury stock, and shares as of October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, respectively, at cost 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 SANMINA CORPORATION 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 
 Year Ended October 2, 2021 October 3, 2020 September 28, 2019 (In thousands, except per share amounts) Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative Research and development Restructuring and other Goodwill impairment Total operating expenses Operating income Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) ) Interest and other, net ) ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Net income per share: Basic Diluted Weighted-average shares used in computing per share amounts: Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 SANMINA CORPORATION 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 
 Year Ended October 2, 2021 October 3, 2020 September 28, 2019 (In thousands) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Derivative financial instruments: Change in net unrealized amount ) ) Amount reclassified into net income Defined benefit plans: Changes in unrecognized net actuarial losses and unrecognized transition cost ) ) Amortization of actuarial losses and transition cost Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income 
 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

55 

Table of Contents 

 SANMINA CORPORATION 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 
 Common Stock and Additional Paid-in Capital Treasury Stock Number of Shares Amount Number of Shares Amount Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Accumulated Deficit Total (In thousands) BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 29, 2018 
 ) ) ) Issuances under stock plans Stock-based compensation Repurchases of treasury stock ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Cumulative effect of new accounting pronouncement Net income BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 28, 2019 
 ) ) ) Issuances under stock plans Stock-based compensation Repurchases of treasury stock ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net income BALANCE AT OCTOBER 3, 2020 
 ) ) ) Issuances under stock plans Stock-based compensation Repurchases of treasury stock ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Net income BALANCE AT OCTOBER 2, 2021 
 ) ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 SANMINA CORPORATION 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Year Ended October 2, 2021 October 3, 2020 September 28, 2019 (In thousands) CASH FLOWS PROVIDED BY (USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense Deferred income taxes Impairment of goodwill and other assets Gain on sale of intellectual property 
 ) Gain on liquidation of foreign entity 
 ) Other, net ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of amounts acquired: Accounts receivable ) Contract assets ) ) Inventories ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued liabilities ) ) Cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS PROVIDED BY (USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchases of property, plant and equipment, net of proceeds from asset sales ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment Purchases of investments ) ) ) Sale of investments Cash paid for business acquisition, net of cash acquired 
 ) Proceeds from sale of intellectual property Cash used in investing activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS PROVIDED BY (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from revolving credit facility borrowings Repayments of revolving credit facility borrowings ) ) ) Repayments of long-term debt ) ) ) Proceeds from long-term debt Debt issuance costs ) Net proceeds from stock issuances Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Proceeds from collection of notes receivable Cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes ) ) Increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year Cash paid during the year: Interest, net of capitalized interest Income taxes, net of refunds Unpaid purchases of property, plant and equipment at end of period 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 SANMINA CORPORATION 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Note 1. 
 of total revenue in 2021. The CPS business consists of multiple operating segments which do not individually meet the quantitative thresholds for being presented as reportable segments. Therefore, financial information for these operating segments is aggregated and presented in a single category entitled Components, Products and Services . 
 
 Basis of Presentation 

Note 2. 

58 

Table of Contents 

million and million as of October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, respectively, for uncollectible accounts, product returns and other net sales adjustments. To establish the allowance for doubtful accounts, the Company estimates credit risk associated with accounts receivable by considering the creditworthiness of its customers, past experience, specific facts and circumstances, and the overall economic climate in industries that it serves. To establish the allowance for product returns and other adjustments, the Company primarily utilizes historical data. 

of face value, less a discount. Accounts receivable balances sold are removed from the consolidated balance sheets and the related proceeds are reported as cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. 

to years for buildings and to years for machinery, equipment, furniture and fixtures. Leasehold improvements are amortized on a . 

59 

Table of Contents 

years. Certain of these leases contain an option to extend the lease term for additional periods or to terminate the lease after an initial non-cancelable term. Renewal options are considered in the measurement of the Company's initial lease liability and corresponding right-of-use ("ROU") asset only if it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise such options. Leases with lease terms of twelve months or less are not recorded on the Company's balance sheet. 
 
 The Company s lease liability and ROU assets represent the present value of future lease payments which are a combination of lease components and non-lease components such as maintenance and utilities. Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight line basis over the term of the lease. Certain of the Company s lease payments are variable because such payments adjust periodically based on changes in consumer price and other indexes. Variable payments are expensed as incurred and not included in the measurement of lease liabilities and ROU assets. Since the Company's leases generally do not provide an implicit rate, the Company uses an incremental borrowing rate based on information available at the lease commencement date for purposes of determining the present value of lease payments. The Company's incremental borrowing rate is based on the term of the lease, the economic environment of the lease and the effect of collateralization, if any. 
 
 million of ROU assets and lease liabilities. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

other operating segments and reported under Components, Products and Services ("CPS") for segment reporting purposes. In 2021, CPS revenue and gross profit was billion and million, respectively. 
 
 The Company updates its estimates of materials, labor and subcontractor costs on a quarterly basis. These updated estimates are reviewed each quarter by a group of employees that includes representatives from numerous functions such as engineering, materials, contracts, manufacturing, program management, finance and senior management. If a change in estimate is deemed necessary, the impact of the change is recognized in the period of change. 
 
 For contracts for which revenue is required to be recognized at a point-in-time, the Company recognizes revenue when it has transferred control of the related goods, which generally occurs upon shipment or delivery of the goods to the customer. Revenue streams for which revenue is recognized at a point-in-time include Company-proprietary products and sales of raw materials. 
 
 Refer to Note 4 for further discussion. 
 
 million. 

61 

Table of Contents 

Note 3. 
 Land and buildings Leasehold improvements Furniture and fixtures Construction in progress Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation expense was million, million and million for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 Other Income (Expense), net 
 
 Other income (expense), net was primarily composed of the following in 2021: 
 
 The Company sold certain intellectual property assets for million, of which million was received in cash and million is due in two remaining installments, the last of which is due . 
 
 A foreign entity of the Company was substantially liquidated and the Company reclassified million of cumulative translation adjustments associated with this entity from accumulated other comprehensive income to other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of income. There were no other significant reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive income to the consolidated statements of income for any period presented. 
 
 million in connection with settlements of certain anti-trust class action matters. 

Note 4. 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 of the Company's revenue is recognized on an over time basis, which is as products are manufactured or services are performed. Because of this, and the fact that there is no work-in-process or finished goods inventory associated with contracts for which revenue is recognized on an over-time basis, or more of the Company s inventory at the end of a given period is in the form of raw materials. For contracts for which revenue is required to be recognized at a point-in-time, the Company recognizes revenue when it has transferred control of the related goods, which generally occurs upon shipment or delivery of the goods to the customer. 
 
 Application of the cost-to-cost method for government contracts in the Company s Defense and Aerospace division requires the use of significant judgments with respect to estimated materials, labor and subcontractor costs. This division is an operating segment whose results are aggregated with other operating segments and reported under Components, Products and Services ("CPS") for segment reporting purposes. In 2021, CPS revenue and gross profit was billion and million, respectively. 
 
 The Company updates its estimates of materials, labor and subcontractor costs on a quarterly basis. These updated estimates are reviewed each quarter by a group of employees that includes representatives from numerous functions such as engineering, materials, contracts, manufacturing, program management, finance and senior management. If a change in estimate is deemed necessary, the impact of the change is recognized in the period of change. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 CPS Total End Markets: Communications Networks and Cloud Infrastructure Industrial, Medical, Defense and Automotive Total Geography: Americas (1) EMEA APAC Total 
 (1) Mexico represents approximately of the Americas revenue and the U.S. represents approximately . 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 

Note 5. 
 
 or less of cash and cash equivalents), accounts receivable, accounts payable and short-term debt approximate carrying value due to the short-term duration of these instruments. Additionally, the fair value of variable rate long-term debt approximates carrying value as of October 2, 2021. 
 
 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
 
 The Company's primary financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are deferred compensation plan assets and defined benefit plan assets, which are both measured using Level 1 inputs. Deferred compensation plan assets were million and million as of October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, respectively. Defined benefit plan assets were million and million as of October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, respectively. Other financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis include foreign exchange contracts and interest rate swaps, which are both measured using Level 2 inputs. Foreign exchange contracts were not material as of October 2, 2021 or October 3, 2020 . Interest rate swaps had a negative value of million and million, as of October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, respectively. 
 
 Offsetting Derivative Assets and Liabilities 
 
 The Company has entered into master netting arrangements with each of its derivative counterparties that allows net settlement of derivative assets and liabilities under certain conditions, such as multiple transactions with the same currency maturing on the same date. The Company presents its derivative assets and derivative liabilities on a gross basis on the consolidated balance sheets. The amount that the Company had the right to offset under these netting arrangements was not material as of October 2, 2021 or October 3, 2020 . 
 
 Non-Financial Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 
 Other non-financial assets, such as intangible assets, goodwill and other long-lived assets, are measured at fair value as of the date such assets are acquired or in the period an impairment is recorded. During 2020, commodity prices in the oil and gas market experienced a sharp decline due to a combination of an oversaturated supply and a decrease in demand caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. This commodity price decline resulted in a negative impact to the projected cash flows of the Company s oil and gas reporting unit that is part of the Company's Components, Products and Services ("CPS") operating segment and, therefore, the Company performed a goodwill impairment test for this particular reporting unit. The Company concluded that the fair value of the reporting unit was below its carrying value, resulting in a goodwill impairment charge of million. The fair value of the reporting unit was estimated based on the present value of future discounted cash flows. The Company also recorded an impairment charge of million in 2020 for certain long-lived assets, which is included in "Restructuring and other" on the consolidated statements of income. 
 
 Derivative Instruments 
 
 Foreign Exchange Rate Risk 
 
 The Company is exposed to certain risks related to its ongoing business operations. The primary risk managed by using derivative instruments is foreign currency exchange risk. 
 
 Forward contracts on various foreign currencies are used to manage foreign currency risk associated with forecasted foreign currency transactions and certain monetary assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies. The Company's primary foreign currency cash flows are in certain Asian and European countries, Brazil, Israel and Mexico. 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Number of contracts Derivatives Not Designated as Accounting Hedges: Notional amount (in thousands) Number of contracts 
 
 The Company utilizes foreign currency forward contracts to hedge certain operational cash flow exposures resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Such exposures generally result from (1) forecasted non-functional currency sales and (2) forecasted non-functional currency materials, labor, overhead and other expenses. These contracts are designated as cash flow hedges for accounting purposes and are generally one to two months in duration but, by policy, may be up to in duration. 
 
 For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges, the Company excludes time value from its assessment of hedge effectiveness and recognizes the amount of time value in earnings over the life of the derivative instrument. Gains or losses on the derivative not caused by changes in time value are recorded in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income ("AOCI"), a component of equity, and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. The amount of gain or loss recognized in Other Comprehensive Income on derivative instruments and the amount of gain or loss reclassified from AOCI into income were not material for any period presented herein. 
 
 The Company enters into short-term foreign currency forward contracts to hedge currency exposures associated with certain monetary assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies. These contracts have maturities of up to and are not designated as accounting hedges. Accordingly, these contracts are marked-to-market at the end of each period with unrealized gains and losses recorded in other income (expense), net, in the consolidated statements of income. The amount of gains or losses associated with these forward contracts was not material for any period presented herein. From an economic perspective, the objective of the Company's hedging program is for gains and losses on forward contracts to substantially offset gains and losses on the underlying hedged items. In addition to the contracts disclosed in the table above, the Company has numerous contracts that have been closed from an economic and financial accounting perspective and will settle early in the first month of the following quarter. Since these offsetting contracts do not expose the Company to risk of fluctuations in exchange rates, these contracts have been excluded from the above table. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 The Company enters into forward interest rate swap agreements with independent counterparties to partially hedge the variability in cash flows due to changes in the benchmark interest rate (LIBOR) associated with anticipated variable rate borrowings. These interest rate swaps have a maturity date of , and effectively convert the Company's variable interest rate obligations to fixed interest rate obligations. These swaps are accounted for as cash flow hedges under ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging. Interest rate swaps with an aggregate notional amount of million were outstanding as of October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020. The aggregate effective interest rate of these swaps as of October 2, 2021 was approximately . Due to a decline in interest rates since the time the swaps were put in place, these interest rate swaps had a negative value of million as of October 2, 2021, of which million is included in accrued liabilities and the remaining amount is included in other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 

Note 6. 

66 

Table of Contents 

of the Company's net sales in 2021, 2020 and 2019 and or more of the Company's gross accounts receivable as of October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020. 

Note 7. 
 
 Less: Current portion of long-term debt Long-term debt 
 
 Secured Notes. In 2014, the Company issued million of senior secured notes due 2019 ("Secured Notes"). The Secured Notes were repaid upon maturity on . There was no gain or loss associated with the extinguishment of the Secured Notes. 
 
 Non-interest Bearing Promissory Notes. On , the Company completed an acquisition and financed million of the purchase price with the acquiree using a . The Company repaid these notes during 2020. 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 During the first quarter of 2019, the Company entered into a Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement that provides for a committed million term loan ("Term Loan"), which was further amended on April 5, 2019 to provide for a total of million in revolving commitments, together with an accordion feature by which we can obtain, subject to the satisfaction of specified conditions and commitment of the lenders, additional revolving commitments in an aggregate amount of up to million (the "Amended Cash Flow Revolver"). 
 
 Loans under the Amended Cash Flow Revolver bear interest, at the Company's option, at either the LIBOR or a base rate, in each case plus a spread determined based on the Company's credit rating. Interest on the loans is payable quarterly in arrears with respect to base rate loans and at the end of an interest period in the case of LIBOR loans. The outstanding principal amount of all loans under the Amended Cash Flow Revolver, including, the Term Loan, together with accrued and unpaid interest, is due on . The Company is required to repay a portion of the principal amount of the Term Loan equal to in quarterly installments. 
 
 Maturities of the Term Loan as of October 2, 2021 by fiscal year are as follows: 
 2023 2024 
 
 Certain of the Company s domestic subsidiaries are required to be guarantors in respect of the Amended Cash Flow Revolver. The Company and the subsidiary guarantors obligations under the Amended Cash Flow Revolver are secured by property of the Company and such guarantors, including, but not limited to cash, accounts receivables, inventory and the shares of the Company's subsidiaries, subject to limited exceptions. 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 borrowings and million of letters of credit were outstanding under the Amended Cash Flow Revolver, under which million was available to borrow. There were borrowings outstanding under the Amended Cash Flow Revolver as of October 3, 2020. 
 
 Foreign Short-term Borrowing Facilities . As of October 2, 2021, certain foreign subsidiaries of the Company had a total of million of short-term borrowing facilities available, under which borrowings were outstanding. These facilities expire at various dates through . 
 
 Debt Covenants 

Note 8. 
 
 Accrued liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 Weighted average remaining lease term (in years) Weighted average discount rate 
 (1) million and million as of October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, respectively. 
 
 Cash paid for operating lease liabilities was million and million for the years ended October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, respectively. Operating lease expense, which includes immaterial amounts of short-term leases, variable lease costs and sublease income, was million, million and million for the years ended October 2, 2021, October 3, 2020 and September 28, 2019, respectively. 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total lease payments 
 Less: imputed interest Total 

Note 9. 
 
 of face value, less a discount. For the years ended October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, the Company sold approximately billion and approximately billion, respectively, of accounts receivable under these programs. Upon sale, these receivables are removed from the consolidated balance sheets and cash received is presented as cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. Discounts on sold receivables were not material for any period presented. As of October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, million and million, respectively, of accounts receivable sold under the RPA and subject to servicing by the Company remained outstanding and had not yet been collected. The Company's sole risk with respect to receivables it services is with respect to commercial disputes regarding such receivables. Commercial disputes include billing errors, returns and similar matters. To date, the Company has not been required to repurchase any receivable it has sold due to a commercial dispute. Additionally, the Company is required to remit amounts collected as servicer under the RPA on a weekly basis to the financial institutions that purchased the receivables. As of October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, million and million, respectively, had been collected but not yet remitted. This amount is classified in accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 

Note 10. 
 
 million for environmental matters, warranty, litigation and other contingencies (excluding reserves for uncertain tax positions), which the Company believes are adequate. However, there can be no assurance that the Company's reserves will be sufficient to settle these contingencies. Such reserves are included in accrued liabilities and other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 
 The Company is subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations and administrative orders concerning environmental protection, including those addressing the discharge of pollutants into the environment, the 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 million, which will be paid during the first quarter of fiscal 2022. 
 
 In December 2019, the Company sued a former customer, Dialight plc Dialight ), in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York to collect approximately million in unpaid accounts receivable and net obsolete inventory obligations. Later the same day, Dialight commenced its own action in the same court. Dialight s complaint, which asserts claims for fraudulent inducement, breach of contract, and gross negligence/willful misconduct, alleges that the Company fraudulently misrepresented its capabilities to induce Dialight to enter into a Manufacturing Services Agreement (the Dialight MSA ), and then breached its obligations contained in the Dialight MSA relating to quality, on-time delivery and supply chain management. Dialight seeks an unspecified amount of compensatory and punitive damages. The Company continues to vigorously prosecute its claim against Dialight. Further, the Company strongly disagrees with Dialight s allegations and intends to defend against them vigorously. 

70 

Table of Contents 

 Note 11. 
 
 million, million, and million in 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. 
 
 The following table is a summary of restructuring costs: 
 Other exit costs (recognized as incurred) Total - Q1 FY20 Plan Costs incurred for other plans Total - all plans 
 
 Q1 FY20 Plan 
 On October 28, 2019, the Company adopted a Company-wide restructuring plan ("Q1 FY20 Plan") under which the Company has incurred restructuring costs of approximately million as of October 2, 2021. These costs consist primarily of severance, the majority of which had been paid as of the end of fiscal 2021. Remaining cash payments are expected to occur through the end of fiscal 2022. Actions under this plan are substantially complete. 
 
 Other plans 
 
 Other plans include a number of plans for which costs are not expected to be material individually or in the aggregate. 
 All Plans 
 The Company s Integrated Manufacturing Solutions ("IMS") segment incurred costs of million and million for the years ended October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, respectively. The Company s CPS segment incurred costs of million and million for the years ended October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, respectively. In addition, the Company incurred costs of million and million for the years ended October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, respectively, for Corporate headcount reductions that were not allocated to the Company's IMS and CPS segments. The Company had accrued liabilities of million and million as of October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, respectively, for restructuring costs (exclusive of long-term environmental remediation liabilities). 
 
 The Company expects to incur restructuring costs in future periods primarily for vacant facilities and former sites for which the Company is or may be responsible for environmental remediation. 

Note 12. 
 
 Foreign Total 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 ) Deferred State: Current Deferred ) Foreign: Current ) Deferred Total provision for income taxes 
 
 The Company's provision for income taxes for 2021, 2020 and 2019 was million of income before taxes), million of income before taxes) and million of income before taxes), respectively. The effective tax rate for 2021 is lower than the expected U.S. statutory rate of 21 primarily due to a million tax benefit resulting from the release of foreign tax reserves in 2021. 
 
 The effective tax rate for 2020 is higher than the expected U.S. statutory rate of 21 primarily due to foreign operations that are taxed at rates higher than the U.S. statutory rate. During 2019, the Company recorded million of deferred tax expense for a tax-related restructuring transaction. 

72 

Table of Contents 

 Foreign net operating loss carryforwards Intangibles Accruals not currently deductible Property, plant and equipment Tax credit carryforwards Reserves not currently deductible Stock compensation expense Federal benefit of foreign operations Derivatives and other impacts of OCI Lease deferred tax asset Other Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities on undistributed earnings ) ) Deferred tax liabilities on branch operations ) ) Revenue recognition ) ) Lease deferred tax liability ) ) Other ) Net deferred tax assets Recorded as: Deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 
 A valuation allowance is established or maintained when, based on currently available information and other factors, it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company regularly assesses its valuation allowance against deferred tax assets on a jurisdiction by jurisdiction basis. The Company considers all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and recent financial results. Significant judgment is required in assessing the Company's ability to generate revenue, gross profit, operating income and jurisdictional taxable income in future periods. The Company's valuation allowance as of October 2, 2021 relates primarily to foreign net operating losses, with the exception of million related to U.S. state net operating losses. 
 
 The Company provides deferred tax liabilities for the tax consequences associated with the undistributed earnings that are expected to be repatriated to subsidiaries' parent unless the subsidiaries' earnings are considered indefinitely reinvested. As of October 2, 2021, income taxes and foreign withholding taxes have not been provided for approximately million of cumulative undistributed earnings of several non-U.S. subsidiaries. The Company intends to reinvest these earnings indefinitely in operations outside of the U.S. Determination of the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liabilities on these undistributed earnings is not practicable. 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 million, million and million, respectively. The federal and state net operating loss carryforwards begin expiring in fiscal years 2027 and 2024, respectively, and expire at various dates through . Certain foreign net operating losses start expiring in 2022. However, the majority of foreign net operating losses carryforward indefinitely. As of October 2, 2021, the Company has federal tax credits of million that expire between 2031 and 2041. There are certain restrictions on the utilization of net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards in the event of an ownership change as defined in the Internal Revenue Code. The utilization of certain net operating losses may be restricted due to changes in ownership and business operations. 
 
 Following is a reconciliation of the statutory federal tax rate to the Company's effective tax rate: 
 Effect of foreign operations Permanent items ) ) Discrete charge for restructuring transaction Federal credits ) ) ) Other ) ) State income taxes, net of federal benefit Release of foreign tax reserves ) ) ) Effective tax rate 
 
 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of total liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits, excluding accrued penalties and interest, is as follows: 
 Increase (decrease) related to prior year tax positions ) Increase related to current year tax positions Settlements ) Decrease related to lapse of time and expiration of statutes of limitations ) ) ) Balance, end of year 
 
 The Company had reserves of million and million as of October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, respectively, for the payment of interest and penalties relating to unrecognized tax benefits. During 2021, the Company recognized a net income tax benefit for interest and penalties of million due to lapse of time and expiration of statutes of limitations compared to a net income tax expense of million in 2020. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. Should the Company be able to ultimately recognize all of these uncertain tax positions, it would result in a benefit to net income and a reduction of the effective tax rate of million, million and million for years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 The Company conducts business globally and, as a result, files income tax returns in the United States federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions. In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to examination by taxing authorities throughout the world. The Company is currently being audited by the Internal Revenue Service for tax years 2008 through 2010. To the extent the final tax liabilities are different from the amounts accrued, this would result in an increase or decrease in net operating loss carryforwards which could materially impact tax expense. Additionally, the Company is being audited by various state tax agencies and certain foreign countries. To the extent the final tax liabilities are different from the amounts accrued, the increases or decreases would be recorded as income tax expense or benefit in the consolidated statements of income. Although the Company believes that the resolution of these audits will not have a material adverse impact on the Company s results of operations, the outcome is subject to uncertainty. 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 million related to the resolution of audits and expiration of statutes of limitations. In addition, there could be a corresponding decrease in accrued interest and penalties of approximately million. 

Note 13. 
 
 Denominator: Weighted average common shares outstanding Effect of dilutive stock options and restricted stock units Denominator for diluted earnings per share Net income per share: Basic Diluted 
 
 Weighted-average dilutive securities that were excluded from the above calculation because their inclusion would have had an anti-dilutive effect under ASC Topic 260, Earnings per Share , due to application of the treasury stock method were not material for any period presented. 

Note 14. 
 
 million shares of common stock for issuance thereunder, plus any shares subject to stock options or similar awards granted under the 2009 Plan that expire or otherwise terminate without having been exercised in full and shares issued pursuant to awards granted that are forfeited by the Company. 
 
 As of October 2, 2021, an aggregate of million shares were authorized for future issuance under the Company's stock plans, of which million of such shares were issuable upon exercise of outstanding options and delivery of shares upon vesting of restricted stock units and million shares of common stock were available for future grant. Awards other than stock options and stock appreciation rights reduce common stock available for grant by 1.36 shares for every share of common stock subject to such an award. Awards under the 2019 Plan and 2009 Plan that expire or are cancelled without delivery of shares generally become available for issuance under the 2019 Plan. The 2019 Plan will expire as to future grants in . 
 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 
 During the first quarter of 2020, the Board of Directors authorized the Company to purchase million of its common stock. During 2021, 2020 and 2019, the Company repurchased million shares, million shares and million shares of its common stock for million, million and million (including commissions), respectively, under the plan and as of October 2, 2021, million remains available under such plan, which has no expiration date. Although stock repurchases are intended to increase stockholder value by reducing the number of outstanding shares and to offset the dilution that results from the issuance of shares under the Company s equity plans, repurchases of shares also reduce the Company's 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 , and shares of its common stock during 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively, in settlement of employee tax withholding obligations due upon the vesting of restricted stock units. The Company paid million, million and million, respectively, to applicable tax authorities in connection with these repurchases. 
 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax as applicable, consisted of the following: 
 Unrealized holding losses on derivative financial instruments ) ) Unrecognized net actuarial loss and unrecognized transition cost for benefit plans ) ) Total 
 
 During the third quarter of 2021, a foreign entity of the Company was substantially liquidated and the Company reclassified million of cumulative translation adjustments associated with this entity from accumulated other comprehensive income to other income (expense), net in the condensed consolidated statements of income. There were no other significant reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive income to the condensed consolidated statements of income for any period presented. 

Note 15. 
 
 reportable segment - IMS, which generated approximately of the Company's total revenue in 2021. The Company's CPS business consists of multiple operating segments which, based on this evaluation, do not meet the quantitative threshold for being presented individually as reportable segments. Therefore, financial information for these operating segments is aggregated and presented in a single category entitled Components, Products and Services". 
 
 The accounting policies for each segment are the same as those disclosed by the Company for its consolidated financial statements. Intersegment sales consist primarily of sales of components from CPS to IMS. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

CPS Intersegment revenue ) ) ) Net Sales Gross Profit: IMS CPS 
 Total Unallocated items (1) ) ) ) Total Depreciation and amortization: IMS CPS Total Unallocated corporate items (2) Total Capital expenditures (receipt basis): IMS CPS Total Unallocated corporate items (2) Total 
 
 (1) 
 
 (2) 
 
 Segment assets, consisting of accounts receivable, inventories and fixed assets, are substantially proportional to segment sales. 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 EMEA APAC Total 6,756,643 6,960,370 8,233,859 
 (1) of the Americas revenue and the U.S. represents approximately . 
 Percentage of net sales represented by ten largest customers Number of customers representing 10 or more of net sales 
 
 EMEA APAC Total 

Note 16. 
 
 ) Restricted stock units, including performance-based awards Total 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense was recognized as follows: 
 Selling, general and administrative Research and development Total 
 
 The Company grants restricted stock units and restricted stock units with performance conditions ("PSUs") to executive officers, directors and certain other employees. These units vest over periods ranging from to and/or upon achievement of specified performance criteria and are automatically exchanged for shares of common stock at the vesting date. If performance metrics are not met within specified time limits, the award will be canceled. Compensation expense 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 and PSUs shares, respectively, for which vesting is contingent on cumulative non-GAAP earnings per share measured over three fiscal years. If a minimum threshold is not achieved, no shares will vest. If the minimum threshold is achieved or exceeded, the number of shares of common stock that will be issued will range from to of the number of PSUs granted, depending on the extent of performance. Additionally, the number of shares that vest may be adjusted up or down by up to based on the Company's total shareholder return relative to that of its peer group over this same period. These PSUs will be cancelled if such performance conditions have not been met during the measurement period. 
 
 Activity with respect to the Company's restricted stock units and PSUs was as follows: 
 Granted Vested/Forfeited/Cancelled ) Outstanding as of September 28, 2019 
 Granted Vested/Forfeited/Cancelled ) Outstanding as of October 3, 2020 
 Granted Vested/Forfeited/Cancelled ) Outstanding as of October 2, 2021 
 Expected to vest as of October 2, 2021 

The fair value of restricted stock units that vested during the year was million for 2021, million for 2020 and million for 2019. As of October 2, 2021, unrecognized compensation expense of million is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 

Note 17. 
 
 million and million as of October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, respectively. Liabilities associated with these plans were million and million as of October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, respectively. These amounts are recorded in other non-current assets and other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Defined benefit plans covering certain employees in the United States and Canada were frozen in 2001. Employees who had not yet vested will continue to be credited with service until vesting occurs, but no additional benefits will accrue. 
 
 The Company also provides defined benefit pension plans in certain other countries. The assumptions used for calculating the pension benefit obligations for non-U.S. plans depend on the local economic environment and regulations. The measurement date for the Company's defined benefit plans is October 2, 2021. 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 Projected Benefit Obligation Underfunded Status Current Liabilities Non-current liabilities Total liabilities 

Note 18. 
 
 , the Company purchased all of the outstanding stock of a European subsidiary of a multinational company. This acquisition is expected to increase the Company's IMS capabilities in Europe. The Company also entered into a master supply agreement with the seller in connection with this acquisition. Total consideration paid in this acquisition was million of cash, of which million was paid upon closing and million is due in . The acquiree had million of cash as of the acquisition date, resulting in a net cash outlay upon closing of million. The pro-forma effect of the acquisition, as if it had occurred at the beginning of the year, was not material to the consolidated financial statements. The acquisition will be reported in the Company's IMS reportable segment. 
 
 The Company's allocation of the purchase price was based on management's estimate of the acquisition-date fair values of the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed. 
 
 The following represents the allocation of the purchase price to the acquired assets and liabilities assumed. 
 
 million 
 Noncurrent assets, including identifiable intangible assets of million and goodwill of million 
 Current liabilities ) Noncurrent liabilities ) Total net assets acquired 
 
 Goodwill reflects the expectation that the acquisition will enable the Company to increase its IMS capabilities in Europe. Goodwill and identifiable intangible assets are recorded in other non-current assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Identifiable intangible assets are being amortized over . 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all error and all fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that their objectives are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of disclosure controls and procedures must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that all disclosure control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Nonetheless, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of October 2, 2021, (1) our disclosure controls and procedures were designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and (2) our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 (b) Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of October 2, 2021. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) , issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Our management has concluded that, as of October 2, 2021, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of October 2, 2021 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears under Item 8. 
 
 (c) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended October 2, 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 The information called for by Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of Part III are incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders pursuant to Regulation 14A, except that the information regarding our executive officers called for by Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K has been included in Part I of this report. 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a) (1) Financial Statements. The following financial statements are filed under Item 8 hereof as part of this report: 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 51 
 Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets, As of October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020 53 
 Consolidated Statements of Income, Years Ended October 2, 2021, October 3, 2020 and September 28, 2019 54 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, Years Ended October 2, 2021, October 3, 2020 and September 28, 2019 55 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity, Years Ended October 2, 2021, October 3, 2020 and September 28, 2019 56 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, Years Ended October 2, 2021, October 3, 2020 and September 28, 2019 57 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 58 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules. The following financial statement schedule of Sanmina Corporation is filed as part of this report on Form 10-K immediately after the signature pages hereto and should be read in conjunction with our Financial Statements included in this Item 15: 
 Schedule II-Valuation and Qualifying Accounts, Years Ended October 2, 2021, October 3, 2020 and September 28, 2019 All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the Financial Statements or the notes thereto. (3) Exhibits. Refer to Item 15(b) immediately below. 

83 

Table of Contents 

 (b) Exhibits 
 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1(1) Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, dated January 31, 1996. 
 3.2(2) Certificate of Amendment of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, dated March 9, 2001. 
 3.3(3) Certificate of Designation of Rights, Preferences and Privileges of Series A Participating Preferred Stock of the Registrant, dated May 31, 2001. 
 3.4(4) Certificate of Amendment of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, dated December 7, 2001. 
 3.5(5) Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant dated December 1, 2008. 
 3.6(6) Certificate of Amendment of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, as amended, dated July 27, 2009. 
 3.7(7) Certificate of Ownership and Merger as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and effective November 15, 2012. 
 3.8(8) Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Bylaws dated December 7, 2015 
 4.1(9) Indenture, dated as of June 4, 2014, among Sanmina Corporation, certain subsidiaries of Sanmina Corporation as guarantors and U.S. Bank National Association as trustee. 
 4.5(10) Description of the Registrant's Securities 
 10.1(11) Amended and Restated Sanmina-SCI Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan for Outside Directors. 
 10.2(12) Amended and Restated Sanmina-SCI Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan dated June 9, 2008. 
 10.3(13) Revised form of Officer and Director Indemnification Agreement. 
 10.4(14) 2009 Incentive Plan, as amended on March 5, 2018. 
 10.5(15) Deferred Compensation Plan for Outside Directors amended and restated effective January 1, 2009. 
 10.6(16) Form of Stock Option Agreement for use under the 2009 Incentive Plan. 
 10.7(17) Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for use under the 2009 Incentive Plan. 
 10.8(18) Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for use under the 2009 Incentive Plan. 
 10.9(19) Form of Change of Control Severance Benefit Agreement. 
 10.10(20) Amendment to employment offer letter between Sanmina Corporation and Alan Reid dated March 12, 2010. 
 10.11(21) Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under 2009 Incentive Plan for director grants. 
 10.12(22) Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2014, by and among Sanmina Corporation, certain subsidiaries of Sanmina Corporation, as guarantors, and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated, as representative of the initial purchasers. 
 10.13(23) Second Amendment to the Sanmina Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan adopted as of May 12, 2015. 
 10.14(24) Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2018, by and among Sanmina Corporation, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 10.15(25) First Amendment to the Sanmina-SCI Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan. 
 10.16(26) Amendment No. 3 to Sanmina-SCI Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan. 
 10.17(27) First Amendment to the Sanmina-SCI Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan for Outside Directors. 
 10.18(28) Second Amendment to the Sanmina Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan for Outside Directors. 
 10.19(29) Fourth Amendment to the Sanmina Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan. 
 10.20(30) Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated March 26, 2018, among Sanmina Corporation, the sellers and buyers from time to time party thereto and the Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFG, Ltd., as administrative agent. 
 10.21(31) Joinder and Amendment No. 1 to the Receivables Purchase Agreement dated June 25, 2018 among Sanmina Corporation, MUFG Bank Ltd. (formerly known as The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFG, Ltd.), Wells Fargo Bank N.A., Bank of the West and MUFG Bank Ltd., as administrative agent. 
 10.22(14) Fifth Amendment to Sanmina Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan. 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 10.23(14) Sixth Amendment to Sanmina Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan. 
 10.24 Intentionally omitted 10.25 Intentionally omitted 10.26(14) Joinder Agreement and Amendment No. 2 to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated September 17, 2018, among Sanmina Corporation, Sanmina-SCI Systems Pte. Ltd., MUFG Bank Ltd., Wells Fargo Bank N.A., Bank of the West and MUFG Bank Ltd., as administrative agent. 
 10.27(24) Amendment No. 3 to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated December 21, 2018, among Sanmina Corporation, Sanmina-SCI Systems Pte. Ltd., MUFG Bank Ltd., Wells Fargo Bank N.A., Bank of the West and MUFG Bank Ltd., as administrative agent. 
 10.28(32) Amendment No. 1 to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of January 16, 2019, by and among Sanmina Corporation, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 10.29(33) 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended 
 10.30(32) Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for use under 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 
 10.31(32) Form of Stock Option Award Agreement for use under 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 
 10.32(34) Amendment No. 2 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of April 5, 2019, by and among Sanmina Corporation, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Bank of America N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 10.33(34) Amendment No. 4 to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated April 3, 2019, among Sanmina Corporation, Sanmina-SCI Systems Pte. Ltd., MUFG Bank Ltd., Wells Fargo Bank N.A., Bank of the West and MUFG Bank Ltd., as administrative agent. 
 10.34(10) Amended and Restated Security Agreement, dated as of June 3, 2019, among Sanmina Corporation, certain subsidiaries of Sanmina Corporation party thereto as grantors and Bank of America, N.A. as administrative agent 
 10.35(35) Separation and Release Agreement dated January 10, 2020 between Sanmina Corporation and Michael Clarke 
 10.36(36) Separation and Release Agreement dated August 14, 2020 between Sanmina Corporation and Hartmut Liebel 
 10.37(37) Amendment No. 5 to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated December 17, 2020, among Sanmina Corporation, Sanmina-SCI Systems Pte. Ltd., MUFG Bank Ltd., Wells Fargo Bank N.A., Bank of the West 
 14.1 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics of the Registrant (filed herewith) 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (filed herewith). 
 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent registered public accounting firm (filed herewith). 
 31.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
 31.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
 32.1(38) Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 
 32.2(38) Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Compensatory plan in which an executive officer or director participates. 
 Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to an order granting confidential treatment and this exhibit has been filed separately with the SEC. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 Portions of this exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933. 
 (1) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 1996, SEC File No. 000-21272, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on December 24, 1996. (2) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(a) to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2001, filed with the SEC on May 11, 2001. (3) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.2 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-4, filed with the SEC on August 10, 2001. (4) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.3 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29, 2001, filed with the SEC on December 21, 2001. (5) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 5, 2008. (6) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 19, 2009. (7) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.7 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29, 2012, filed with the SEC on November 21, 2012 (8) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.8 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 11, 2015. (9) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 5, 2014. (10) Incorporated by reference to same numbered exhibit to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 28, 2019, filed with the SEC on November 8, 2019. (11) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.75 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 28, 2008, filed with the SEC on August 4, 2008. (12) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.74 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 28, 2008, filed with the SEC on August 4, 2008. (13) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 28, 2008, filed with the SEC on August 4, 2008. (14) Incorporated by reference to the same numbered exhibit to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29, 2018 filed with the SEC on November 15, 2018. (15) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 28, 2009, filed with the SEC on May 5, 2009. (16) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 28, 2009, filed with the SEC on May 5, 2009 (17) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 28, 2009, filed with the SEC on May 5, 2009 (18) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 28, 2009, filed with the SEC on May 5, 2009 (19) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.48 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended January 2, 2010, filed with the SEC on February 5, 2010. (20) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.48 to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended December 28, 2013, filed with the SEC on January 31, 2014. (21) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 29, 2014 filed with the SEC on April 28, 2014. (22) Incorporated by reference to Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the SEC on May 21, 2014. (23) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 27, 2015 filed with the SEC on July 24, 2015. (24) Incorporated by reference to same numbered exhibit to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first fiscal quarter ended December 29, 2018 filed with the SEC on February 7, 2019. (25) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 3, 2015, filed with the SEC on November 19, 2015. (26) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 3, 2015, filed with the SEC on November 19, 2015. (27) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 3, 2015, filed with the SEC on November 19, 2015. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 (28) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 3, 2015, filed with the SEC on November 19, 2015. (29) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017, filed with the SEC on November 13, 2017. (30) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2018 filed with the SEC on May 2, 2018. (31) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2018 filed with the SEC on August 3, 2018. (32) Incorporated by reference to same number exhibit to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 30, 2019 filed with the SEC on May 2, 2019. (33) Incorporated by reference to same number exhibit to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 3, 2021 filed with the SEC on May 5, 2021. (34) Incorporated by reference to same number exhibit to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 29, 2019 filed with the SEC on August 1, 2019. (35) Incorporated by reference from Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended December 28, 2019 filed with the SEC on January 30, 2020. (36) Incorporated by reference to same numbered exhibit to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 3, 2020, filed with the SEC on November 13, 2020. (37) Incorporated by reference to same number exhibit to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended January 2, 2021 filed with the SEC on February 4, 2021. (38) This exhibit shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that Section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filings under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any filings. 

(c) Financial Statement Schedules. See Item 15(a)(2) above. 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Sanmina Corporation (Registrant) By: /s/ Jure Sola Jure Sola Chief Executive Officer 
 Date: November 12, 2021 

88 

Table of Contents 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 Each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Jure Sola and Kurt Adzema and each of them, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them, or their or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ JURE SOLA Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) November 12, 2021 Jure Sola /s/ KURT ADZEMA Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) November 12, 2021 Kurt Adzema /s/ BRENT BILLINGER Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) November 12, 2021 Brent Billinger /s/ EUGENE A. DELANEY Director November 12, 2021 Eugene A. Delaney /s/ JOHN P. GOLDSBERRY Director November 12, 2021 John P. Goldsberry /s/ RITA S. LANE Director November 12, 2021 Rita S. Lane /s/ JOSEPH LICATA Director November 12, 2021 Joseph Licata /s/ KRISH PRABHU Director November 12, 2021 Krish Prabhu /s/ MARIO M. ROSATI Director November 12, 2021 Mario M. Rosati /s/ JACKIE M. WARD Director November 12, 2021 Jackie M. Ward 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 
 
 Fiscal year ended October 3, 2020 ) Fiscal year ended October 2, 2021 ) 

90 

<EX-14.1>
 2
 sanm_10022021xex141x10k.htm
 EX-14.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 14.1 

 SANMINA CORPORATION 
 CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS 
 (as revised on September 13. 2021) 
 I. INTRODUCTION 
 This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics helps ensure compliance with legal requirements and our standards of business conduct, and it applies to all worldwide employees (including executive officers) of Sanmina Corporation and its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively, the Company and to members of its Board of Directors. All Company employees are expected to read and understand this Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, uphold these standards in daytoday activities, comply with all applicable policies and procedures, and ensure that all agents and contractors are aware of, understand and adhere to these standards. 
 Because the principles described in this Code of Business Conduct and Ethics are general in nature, you should also review all applicable Company policies and procedures for more specific instruction, and contact the Human Resources Department or Legal Department if you have any questions. 
 Nothing in this Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, in any company policies and procedures, or in other related communications (verbal or written) creates or implies an employment contract or term of employment. 
 We are committed to continuously reviewing and updating our policies and procedures. Therefore, this Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is subject to modification. This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics supersedes all other such codes, policies, procedures, instructions, practices, rules or written or verbal representations to the extent they are inconsistent. 
 Please sign the acknowledgment form at the end of this Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and return the form to the Human Resources Manager at your facility indicating that you have received, read, understand and agree to comply with the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. The signed acknowledgment form will be located in your personnel file. As part of the Company s ongoing compliance process, officers and other appropriate personnel will be asked to periodically complete online training regarding the principles contained in the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. In addition, periodically, you may be asked to participate in seminars, training meetings and similar activities related to reinforcing your understanding of this Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and its applicability to the Company s business. 
 
 II. COMPLIANCE IS EVERYONE'S BUSINESS 
 Ethical business conduct is critical to our business. As an employee, your responsibility is to respect and adhere to these practices. Many of these practices reflect legal or regulatory requirements. 

Violations of these laws and regulations can create significant liability for you, the Company, its directors, officers, and other employees. 
 Part of your job and ethical responsibility is to help enforce this Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. You should be alert to possible violations and report possible violations to the Human Resources Department or the Legal Department. Violations can be reported as follows 

General Counsel 
 Sanmina Corporation 
 2700 North First Street 
 San Jose, CA 95134 
 Phone (408) 964-3500 
 Fax (408) 964-3888 
 
 The Company maintains an anonymous Open Door Hotline. The Hotline provides a method for employees to confidentially report suspected violations of this Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, either by toll-free phone access or web access. Employees and stakeholders may use this Hotline for reporting, among other things, matters pertaining to accounting, internal accounting controls, or auditing matters. This Hotline is operated by a third-party service provider to ensure anonymity. Employees can access the Hotline as follows 
 
 Telephone (from the United States Canada) 1-866-879-0424 
 Please go to www.opendoor.ethicspoint.com for the current list of international numbers. 
 Internet www.opendoor.ethicspoint.com 
 If you believe that, based on the nature of the suspected improprieties and the persons you believe to be involved, reporting violations to the Human Resources Department or the Legal Department would be ineffective, you may report such violations to the Chairperson of the Audit Committee or to the Chairperson of the Nominating and Governance Committee. Reports can be made to the Chairperson of the Audit Committee or the Chairperson of the Nominating and Governance Committee as follows 

Chairperson of the Audit Committee 
 Sanmina Corporation 
 2700 North First Street 
 San Jose, CA 95134 
 Phone (408) 964-3850 

2 
 Revised September 13, 2021 

Chairperson of the Nominating and Governance Committee 
 Sanmina Corporation 
 2700 North First Street 
 San Jose, CA 95134 
 Phone (408) 964-3390 
 
 The Company will promptly and thoroughly investigate all credible allegations of breaches of this Code of Business Conduct and Ethics as appropriate under the circumstances. You must cooperate in any internal or external investigations of possible violations. 
 You should know that reprisal, threats, retribution or retaliation against any person who has in good faith reported a violation or a suspected violation of law, this Code of Business Conduct and Ethics or other Company policies, or against any person who is assisting in any investigation or process with respect to such a violation, is both a violation of Company policy and is prohibited by a variety of state and federal civil and criminal laws including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Accordingly, the Company will not permit the making of any reprisal, threats, retribution or retaliation or similar actions against any person making a good faith report of a suspected violation of law, this Code of Business Conduct and Ethics or other Company policies. 
 Violations of law, this Code of Business Conduct and Ethics or other Company policies or procedures by Company employees can lead to disciplinary action up to and including termination. 
 In trying to determine whether any given action is appropriate, use the following test. Imagine that the words you are using or the action you are taking is going to be fully disclosed in the media with all the details, including your photo. If you are uncomfortable with the idea of this information being made public, perhaps you should think again about your words or your course of action. 
 In all cases, if you are unsure about the appropriateness of an event or action, please seek assistance in interpreting the requirements of these practices by contacting the Legal Department. 
 III. YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES TO THE COMPANY AND ITS STOCKHOLDERS 
 A. General Standards of Conduct 
 The Company expects all employees, agents and contractors to exercise good judgment to ensure the safety and welfare of employees, agents and contractors and to maintain a cooperative, efficient, positive, harmonious and productive work environment and business organization. These standards apply while working on our premises or remotely, at offsite locations where our business is being conducted, at Company-sponsored business and social events, or at any other place where you are a representative of the Company. Employees, agents or contractors who engage in misconduct or whose performance is unsatisfactory may be subject to corrective action, up to and including termination. You should review our employment handbook for more detailed information. 

3 
 Revised September 13, 2021 

B. Applicable Laws 
 All Company employees, agents and contractors must comply with all applicable laws, regulations, rules and regulatory orders. Company employees located outside of the United States must comply with laws, regulations, rules and regulatory orders of the United States, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.S. Export Control Act, in addition to applicable local laws. Each employee, agent and contractor must acquire appropriate knowledge of the requirements relating to his or her duties sufficient to enable him or her to recognize potential dangers and to know when to seek advice from the Legal Department on specific Company policies and procedures. Violations of laws, regulations, rules and orders may subject the employee, agent or contractor to individual criminal or civil liability, as well as to discipline by the Company. Such individual violations may also subject the Company to civil or criminal liability or the loss of business. 
 C. Conflicts of Interest 
 Each of us has a responsibility to the Company, our stockholders and each other. Although this duty does not prevent us from engaging in personal transactions, investments and relationships, it does require that we avoid situations where a conflict of interest might occur or appear to occur. The Company is subject to scrutiny from customers, suppliers, governmental agencies and other institutions. We should always strive to avoid even the appearance of impropriety. 
 What constitutes a conflict of interest A conflict of interest exists where the interests or benefits of one person (including an employee) or entity conflict with the interests or benefits of the Company. Examples include 
 (i) Employment Outside Employment . In consideration of your employment with the Company, you are expected to devote your full attention to the business interests of the Company. You are prohibited from engaging in any activity that interferes with your performance or responsibilities to the Company or is otherwise in conflict with or prejudicial to the Company. Our policies prohibit any employee from accepting simultaneous full-time or part-time employment with another company without obtaining the consent of both your immediate supervisor and the General Counsel of the Company. If you have any questions on this requirement, you should contact your supervisor or the Legal Department. 
 (ii) Outside Directorships . The Company views serving on the Board of Directors or in a similar capacity with any entity as a potential conflict of interest. Therefore, prior to accepting any such appointment, you must obtain the consent of both your immediate supervisor and the General Counsel of the Company. Such approval may be conditioned upon the completion of specified actions. Also, any compensation you receive for such service should be commensurate to your responsibilities. 
 (iii) Business Interests . You must disclose to your manager any interest that you have that may conflict with the business of the Company. This can be an ownership interest in a company that does or is proposing to do business with the Company. Interest is construed broadly and includes any ownership position, director or officer position or familial relationship with an owner, 
 4 
 Revised September 13, 2021 

director or officer. Therefore, if you are considering investing in a Company customer, supplier, developer or competitor, you must first take great care to ensure that these investments do not compromise your responsibilities to the Company. Many factors should be considered in determining whether a conflict exists, including the size and nature of the investment your ability to influence the Company s decisions your access to confidential information of the Company or of the other company and the nature of the relationship between the Company and the other company. Therefore, while owning a few hundred shares of a publicly traded tier-one competitor or supplier will not, by itself, violate Company policy, ownership of five or ten percent of the outstanding shares of a small privately-held supplier to the Company could constitute a violation of Company policy and must be disclosed. 
 (iv) Family and Personal Relationships . Family and personal relationships among employees can also present a conflict of interest. For that reason, you may not cause to become employed, or conduct Company business with a relative or significant other or with a business in which a relative or significant other is an officer, director or investor without prior disclosure to the Chief Financial Officer of the Company. If such transactions involve the Company's directors or executive officers, they must be disclosed in advance to the Chief Financial Officer and be reviewed by the Company's Audit Committee. Relatives include spouse, sister, brother, daughter, son, mother, father, grandparents, aunts, uncles, nieces, nephews, cousins, step relationships, and in-laws. Significant others include persons living in a spousal (including same sex) or familial fashion with an employee. Any dealings with a relative, significant other or business in which a relative or significant other is associated must be conducted in such a way that no preferential treatment is given to them. 
 Similarly, the Company discourages the employment of relatives, significant others and employees involved in a romantic relationship with each other in positions or assignments within the same department. Furthermore, no manager shall have a romantic relationship with another employee in their reporting line or for whom such manager can directly or indirectly influence the employment or compensation of such employee. The purpose of this policy is to prevent the organizational impairment, conflicts of interest and risks of sexual harassment that are a potential outcome of the employment of relatives, significant others or romantic partners, especially in a supervisor subordinate relationship. 
 (v) Other Situations . Because other conflicts of interest may arise, it would be impractical to attempt to list all possible situations. If a proposed transaction or situation raises any questions or doubts in your mind, you should consult the Legal Department. 
 D. Corporate Opportunities 
 Employees, officers and directors may not exploit for their own personal gain opportunities that are discovered through the use of corporate property, information or position unless the opportunity is disclosed fully in writing to the Company s Board of Directors and the Board of Directors declines to pursue such opportunity. 
 E. Payments or Gifts 
 Under no circumstances may employees, agents, contractors, vendors or consultants (i) accept any offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization to pay any money, gift, or anything of value from 
 5 
 Revised September 13, 2021 

customers or suppliers, or (ii) offer to pay, make payment, promise to pay, or issue authorization to pay any money, gift, or anything of value to customers or suppliers in a manner that is intended, directly or indirectly, to influence any business decision or to cause any action or failure to act that would constitute the commitment of fraud. Inexpensive gifts, infrequent business meals, celebratory events and entertainment, provided that they are not excessive or create an appearance of impropriety, do not violate this policy. Questions regarding whether a particular payment or gift violates this policy are to be directed to Human Resources or the Legal Department. 
 F. Protecting the Company's Confidential Information 
 The Company's confidential information and that of its customers are valuable assets. The Company s confidential information includes, but is not limited to, product architectures source codes product plans and road maps names and lists of customers, dealers, and employees and financial information. This information is the property of the Company or its customers and may be protected by patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws. All confidential information must be used for Company business purposes only. Every employee, agent and contractor must safeguard it. THIS RESPONSIBILITY INCLUDES NOT DISCLOSING THE COMPANY CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION SUCH AS INFORMATION REGARDING THE COMPANY'S PRODUCTS OR BUSINESS UNLESS YOU HAVE CONFIRMED THAT A NONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENT IS IN PLACE AND THAT THE ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS ARE APPROPRIATELY SAFEGUARDED AND, IN THE CASE OF DISCLOSURES OF CUSTOMER CONFIDENTIAL INFORATION, YOU MUST HAVE CONFIRMED THE CUSTOMER HAS PROVIDED CONSENT TO SUCH DISCLOSURE. This responsibility includes the safeguarding, securing and proper disposal of confidential information in accordance with the Company's policy on Maintaining and Managing Records set forth in Section III (L) of this Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. This obligation extends to confidential information of third parties, which the Company has rightfully received under Non-Disclosure Agreements. See the Company's policy dealing with Handling the Confidential Information of Others set forth in Section III (G) of this Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 
 (i) Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement . When you joined the Company, you signed an agreement to protect and hold confidential the Company's proprietary information. This agreement remains in effect for as long as you work for the Company and after you leave the Company. Under this agreement, you may not disclose the Company's confidential information to anyone or use it to benefit anyone other than the Company without the prior written consent of an authorized Company officer. 
 (ii) Disclosure of Company Confidential Information . To further the Company's business, from time to time our confidential information may be disclosed to potential business partners. However, such disclosure should never be done without carefully considering its potential benefits and risks. If you determine in consultation with your manager and other appropriate Company management that disclosure of confidential information is necessary, you must then contact the Legal Department to ensure that an appropriate written nondisclosure agreement is signed prior to the disclosure. The Company has standard nondisclosure agreements suitable for most disclosures. You 
 6 
 Revised September 13, 2021 

must not sign a third party's nondisclosure agreement or accept changes to the Company's standard nondisclosure agreements without review and approval by the Company's Legal Department provided, however, that this prohibition shall not apply to a document which you are required to sign in order to gain access to a particular location (e.g., the electronic document that certain companies require you to sign in order to get a badge). 
 (iii) Requests by Regulatory Authorities . The Company and its employees, agents and contractors must cooperate with appropriate government inquiries and investigations. In this context, however, it is important to protect the legal rights of the Company with respect to its confidential information. All government requests for information, documents or investigative interviews must be referred to the Company's Legal Department. No financial information may be disclosed without the prior written approval of the Chief Financial Officer. 
 (iv) Company Spokespeople . Specific policies have been established regarding who may communicate information to the press and the financial analyst community on behalf of the Company. All inquiries or calls from the press and financial analysts for statements, comments or information on behalf of the Company should be referred to the Chief Financial Officer or Investor Relations Department. The Company has designated its CEO, CFO and Investor Relations Department as official Company spokespeople for financial matters. The Company has designated its Investor Relations Department as official Company spokespeople for marketing, technical and other such information. These designees are the only people who may communicate with the press on behalf of the Company. Any employee publication or publicly made statement that might be perceived or construed as attributable to the Company, made outside the scope of his or her employment with the Company, must include the Company's standard disclaimer that the publication or statement represents the views of the specific author and not of the Company. 
 G. Handling the Confidential Information of Others 
 The Company has many kinds of business relationships with many companies and individuals. Sometimes, they will volunteer confidential information about their products or business plans to induce the Company to enter into a business relationship. At other times, we may request that a third party provide confidential information to permit the Company to evaluate a potential business relationship with that party. In addition, our customers will disclose sensitive design, manufacturing and other product-related information to us in order for the Company to manufacture products for them, Whatever the situation, we must take special care to handle the confidential information of customers and other third parties responsibly. We handle such confidential information in accordance with our agreements with such third parties. See also the Company's policy on Maintaining and Managing Records in Section III (L) of this Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 
 (i) Appropriate Nondisclosure Agreements . Confidential information may take many forms. An oral presentation about a company's product development plans may contain protected trade secrets. A customer list or employee list may be a protected trade secret. A demo of an alpha version of a company's new software may contain information protected by trade secret and copyright laws. 
 7 
 Revised September 13, 2021 

You should never accept information offered by a third party that is represented as confidential, or which appears from the context or circumstances to be confidential, unless an appropriate nondisclosure agreement has been signed with the party offering the information. THE LEGAL DEPARTMENT CAN PROVIDE NONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENTS TO FIT ANY PARTICULAR SITUATION. Even after a nondisclosure agreement is in place, you should accept only the information necessary to accomplish the purpose of receiving it, such as a decision on whether to proceed to negotiate a deal. If more detailed or extensive confidential information is offered and it is not necessary, for your immediate purposes, it should be refused. 
 (ii) Need-to-Know . Once a third party's confidential information has been disclosed to the Company, we have an obligation to abide by the terms of the relevant nondisclosure agreement and limit its use to the specific purpose for which it was disclosed and to disseminate it only to other Company employees with a need to know the information. Every employee, agent and contractor involved in a potential business relationship with a third party must understand and strictly observe the restrictions on the use and handling of confidential information. When in doubt, consult the Legal Department. 
 (iii) Notes and Reports . When reviewing the confidential information of a third party under a nondisclosure agreement, it is natural to take notes or prepare reports summarizing the results of the review and, based partly on those notes or reports, to draw conclusions about the suitability of a business relationship. Notes or reports, however, can include confidential information disclosed by the other party and so should be retained only long enough to complete the evaluation of the potential business relationship. Subsequently, they should be either destroyed or turned over to the Legal Department for safekeeping or destruction. The Legal Department will make a judgment as to whether such notes can be destroyed or whether they should be retained in accordance with the Company s records retention policies. Such notes should be treated just as any other disclosure of confidential information is treated marked as confidential and distributed only to those Company employees with a need to know. 
 (iv) Competitive Information . You should never attempt to obtain a competitor's confidential information by improper means, and you should especially never contact a competitor regarding their confidential information. While the Company may, and does, employ former employees of competitors, we recognize and respect the obligations of those employees not to use or disclose the confidential information of their former employers. 
 H. Obligations Under Securities Laws - Insider Trading 
 Obligations under the U.S. securities laws apply to everyone. In the normal course of business, officers, directors, employees, agents, contractors and consultants of the Company may come into possession of significant, sensitive information. This information is the property of the Company -- you have been entrusted with it. You may not profit from it by buying or selling securities yourself, or passing on the information to others to enable them to profit or for them to profit on your behalf. The purpose of this policy is both to inform you of your legal responsibilities and to make clear to you that the misuse of sensitive information is contrary to Company policy and U.S. securities laws. 
 8 
 Revised September 13, 2021 

Insider trading is a crime, penalized by fines of up to 5,000,000 and 20 years in jail for individuals. In addition, the SEC may seek the imposition of a civil penalty of up to three times the profits made or losses avoided from the trading. Insider traders must also disgorge any profits made, and are often subjected to an injunction against future violations. Finally, insider traders may be subjected to civil liability in private lawsuits. 
 Employers and other controlling persons (including supervisory personnel) are also at risk under U.S. securities laws. Controlling persons may, among other things, face penalties of the greater of 5,000,000 or three times the profits made or losses avoided by the trader if they recklessly fail to take preventive steps to control insider trading. 
 Thus, it is important both to you and the Company that insider-trading violations not occur. You should be aware that stock market surveillance techniques are becoming increasingly sophisticated, and the chance that U.S. federal or other regulatory authorities will detect and prosecute even small-level trading is significant. Insider trading rules are strictly enforced, even in instances when the financial transactions seem small. You should contact the Legal Department if you are unsure as to whether or not you are free to trade. 
 The Company has imposed a trading blackout period on members of the Board of Directors, executive officers and certain designated employees who, as a consequence of their position with the Company, are more likely to be exposed to material nonpublic information about the Company. These directors, executive officers and employees generally may not trade in Company securities during the blackout period. 
 For more details, and to determine if you are restricted from trading during trading blackout periods, you should review the Company s Insider Trading Policy. You can request a copy of this policy from the Legal Department. You should take a few minutes to read the Insider Trading Policy carefully, paying particular attention to the specific policies and the potential criminal and civil liability and or disciplinary action for insider trading violations. Employees, agents and contractors of the Company who violate such policy are also subject to disciplinary action by the Company, which may include termination of employment or of business relationship. All questions regarding the Company's Insider Trading Policy should be directed to the Company's General Counsel. 
 I. Prohibition Against Hedging or Pledging of Company Stock 
 The Company believes that hedging, a term used to describe certain practices taken to reduce the economic risk of Company stock ownership (e.g., to prevent losses if the Company s stock price were to fall) is inappropriate when undertaken by employees, officers or directors as such techniques reduce alignment with the interests of our public stockholders. As a result, no Company director, officer or other employee, agent or contractor may engage in short sales of the Company s securities or other transactions intended to hedge or offset any decrease in the market value of the Company s common stock. Similarly, the Company believes that pledging of Company stock by employees, officers or directors (i.e., using Company stock as collateral for a loan, such as in a margin account) can be inappropriate when such practice could cause shares to be sold during a trading blackout period or while the individual is in possession of material non-public information and would otherwise be prohibited 
 9 
 Revised September 13, 2021 

from selling under this policy. Therefore, the Company prohibits officers and directors from (i) depositing any Company common stock in a margin account or (ii) pledging Company securities as collateral for a loan, unless approved by the Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board. 
 J. Public Reporting Requirements 
 (i) General. Accounting and other business records are relied upon in the preparation of reports the Company files with certain government agencies, such as the SEC. These reports must contain full, timely and understandable information and accurately reflect the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 (ii) Employee Responsibilities. Employees who collect, provide or analyze information for or otherwise contribute in any way in preparing or verifying these reports must strive to ensure that the Company s financial disclosures are accurate and verifiable, thus to enable stockholders and potential investors to assess the soundness and risks of the Company s business and finances and the quality and integrity of the Company s accounting and disclosures. The integrity of the Company s public disclosures depends on the accuracy and completeness of the Company s records. To that end 
 a. All business transactions must be supported by appropriate documentation and reflected accurately in the Company s books and records in particular, no side letters or understandings, oral or written, that deviate from express contractual terms may be entered into 
 b. No entry be made that intentionally mischaracterizes the nature or proper accounting of a transaction 
 c. No employee may take or authorize any action that would cause the Company s financial records or disclosures to fail to comply with generally accepted accounting principles, the rules and regulations of the SEC or other applicable laws, rules and regulations 
 d. All employees must cooperate fully with the Company s independent public accountants and counsel, respond to their questions with candor and provide them with complete and accurate information to help ensure that the Company s books and records, as well as the Company s reports filed with the SEC, are accurate and complete and 
 e. No employee should knowingly make (or cause or encourage any other person to make) any false or misleading statement in any report filed with the SEC or other government agency, or knowingly omit (or cause or encourage any other person to omit) any information necessary to make the disclosure in any of the Company s reports accurate in all material respects. 
 Any employee who becomes aware of any departure from these standards has a responsibility to report his or her knowledge promptly to his or her manager or through the Open Door Hotline. 
 K. Use of Company's Assets 
 (i) General . Protecting the Company's assets is a key fiduciary responsibility of every employee, agent and contractor. Care should be taken to ensure that assets are not misappropriated, loaned to others, or sold or donated, without appropriate authorization. All Company 
 10 
 Revised September 13, 2021 

employees, agents and contractors are responsible for the proper use of Company assets, and must safeguard such assets against loss, damage, misuse or theft. Employees, agents or contractors who violate any aspect of this policy or who demonstrate poor judgment in the manner in which they use any Company asset may be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment or business relationship at the Company's sole discretion. Company equipment and assets are to be used for Company business purposes only. With the exception of computers and mobile phones (for which reasonable personal use is allowed, subject to the provisions in Subsection III (K) (iv) below), employees, agents and contractors may not use Company assets for personal use, nor may they allow any other person to use Company assets. Employees who have any questions regarding this policy should bring them to the attention of the Company's Human Resources Department. 
 (ii) Physical Access Control . The Company has and will continue to develop procedures covering physical access control to ensure privacy of communications, maintenance of the security of the Company communication equipment, and safeguard Company assets from theft, misuse and destruction. You are personally responsible for complying with the level of access control that has been implemented in the facility where you work on a permanent or temporary basis. You must not defeat or cause to be defeated the purpose for which the access control was implemented. 
 (iii) Company Funds . Every Company employee is personally responsible for all Company funds over which he or she exercises control. Company agents and contractors should not be allowed to exercise control over Company funds. Company funds must be used only for Company business purposes. Every Company employee, agent and contractor must take reasonable steps to ensure that the Company receives good value for Company funds spent, and must maintain accurate and timely records of each and every expenditure. Expense reports must be accurate and submitted in a timely manner. Company employees, agents and contractors must not use Company funds for any personal purpose. 
 (iv) Computers, Mobile Phones and Other Equipment . The Company strives to furnish employees with the equipment necessary to efficiently and effectively do their jobs. You must care for that equipment and to use it responsibly only for Company business purposes. If you use Company equipment at your home or off site, take precautions to protect it from theft or damage, just as if it were your own. If the Company no longer employs you, you must immediately return all Company equipment. While computers and other electronic devices (including mobile phones) may be provided to employees to assist them to perform their jobs and to promote the Company's interests, all such computers and electronic devices, whether used entirely or partially on the Company's premises or with the aid of the Company's equipment or resources, must remain fully accessible to the Company and, to the maximum extent permitted by law, will remain the sole and exclusive property of the Company. You should not install any software on your Company computer which has not been provided to you by the Company. 
 To the extent permitted by applicable law, employees, agents and contractors should not maintain any expectation of privacy with respect to information transmitted over, received by, or stored in any electronic communications device owned, leased, or operated in whole or in part by or on behalf of the Company. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Company retains the right to gain 
 11 
 Revised September 13, 2021 

access to any information received by, transmitted by, or stored in any such electronic communications device, by and through its employees, agents, contractors, or representatives, at any time, either with or without an employee's or third party's knowledge, consent or approval. 
 (v) Software . All software used by employees to conduct Company business must be appropriately licensed. Never make or use illegal or unauthorized copies of any software, whether in the office, at home, or on the road, since doing so may constitute copyright infringement and may expose you and the Company to potential civil and criminal liability. In addition, use of illegal or unauthorized copies of software may subject the employee to disciplinary action, up to and including termination. The Company's IT Department will inspect Company computers periodically to verify that only approved and licensed software has been installed. Any non-licensed supported software will be removed. 
 (vi) Electronic Usage . The purpose of this policy is to make certain that employees utilize electronic communication devices in a legal, ethical, and appropriate manner. This policy addresses the Company's responsibilities and concerns regarding the fair and proper use of all electronic communications devices within the organization, including computers, mobile phones, e-mail, connections to the Internet, intranet and extranet and any other public or private networks, voice mail and video conferencing. Posting or discussing information concerning the Company's products or business on the Internet without the prior written consent of the Company's CFO is prohibited. Any other form of electronic communication used by employees currently or in the future is also intended to be encompassed under this policy. It is not possible to identify every standard and rule applicable to the use of electronic communications devices. Employees are therefore encouraged to use sound judgment whenever using any feature of our communications systems. The complete set of policies with respect to electronic usage of the Company's assets is located on the Sanmina intranet site. You are expected to review, understand and follow such policies and procedures. 
 L. Maintaining and Managing Records 
 The Company maintains a Records Retention Policy intended to ensure that Company records are retained only as long as required for the Company s business operations or archival purposes, or to satisfy specific requirements including, but not limited to accounting, audit, legal and tax requirements. Once the applicable retention policy has expired (and provided there is no legal hold on Company records), Company records shall be promptly destroyed in accordance with the policy. Records include paper documents, CDs, computer hard disks, email, floppy disks, microfiche, microfilm or all other media. Furthermore, records are deemed to include personal data within the meaning of the European Union General Data Protection Regulation 2016 679 GDPR ). The Company is required by local, state, federal, foreign and other applicable laws and regulations such as (but not limited to) the GDPR to retain certain records and to follow specific guidelines in the management, processing and disposal of its records. Civil and criminal penalties for failure to comply with such guidelines can be severe for employees, agents, contractors and the Company, and failure to comply with such guidelines may subject the employee, agent or contractor to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment or business relationship at the Company's sole discretion. 
 12 
 Revised September 13, 2021 

M. Records on Legal Hold 
 A legal hold suspends all document destruction procedures in order to preserve appropriate records under special circumstances, such as litigation or government investigations. The Company's Legal Department determines and identifies what types of Company records or documents are required to be placed under a legal hold. Every Company employee, agent and contractor must comply with this policy. Failure to comply with this policy may subject the employee, agent or contractor to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment or business relationship at the Company's sole discretion. 
 The Company's Legal Department will notify you if a legal hold is placed on records for which you are responsible. You then must preserve and protect the necessary records in accordance with instructions from the Company's Legal Department. RECORDS OR SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS THAT HAVE BEEN PLACED UNDER A LEGAL HOLD MUST NOT BE DESTROYED, ALTERED OR MODIFIED UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES . A legal hold remains effective until it is officially released in writing by the Company's Legal Department. If you are unsure whether a document has been placed under a legal hold, you should preserve and protect that document while you check with the Company's Legal Department. 
 N. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 
 The anti-bribery and corrupt payment provisions of the FCPA make illegal any corrupt offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization to pay any money, gift, or anything of value to any foreign official, or any foreign political party, candidate or official, for the purpose of influencing any act or failure to act, in the official capacity of that foreign official or party or inducing the foreign official or party to use influence to affect a decision of a foreign government or agency, in order to obtain or retain business for anyone, or direct business to anyone. 
 All Company employees, agents and contractors whether located in the United States or abroad, are responsible for FCPA compliance and the procedures to ensure FCPA compliance. All managers and supervisory personnel are expected to monitor continued compliance with the FCPA to ensure compliance with the highest moral, ethical and professional standards of the Company. FCPA compliance includes the Company's policy on Maintaining and Managing Records in Section III (L) of this Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 
 Laws in most countries outside of the United States also prohibit or restrict government officials or employees of government agencies from receiving payments, entertainment, or gifts for the purpose of winning or keeping business. No contract or agreement may be made with any business in which a government official or employee holds a significant interest, without the prior approval of the Company's Legal Department. 
 O. Export Controls 
 A number of countries maintain controls on the destinations to which products or software may be exported. Some of the strictest export controls are maintained by the United States against countries 
 13 
 Revised September 13, 2021 

that the U.S. government considers unfriendly or as supporting international terrorism. The U.S. regulations are complex and apply both to exports from the United States and to exports of products from other countries, when those products contain U.S.origin components or technology. In some circumstances, an oral presentation containing technical data made to foreign nationals in the United States may constitute a controlled export. The Trade Compliance can provide you with guidance on which countries are prohibited destinations for Company products or whether a proposed technical presentation to foreign nationals may require a U.S. Government license. Accordingly, you should check with the Trade Compliance Department in advance of effecting any offshore transaction that may raise concerns regarding compliance with U.S. export control laws. 
 P. Building Security 
 If you suspect any illegal activity, security breach (whether in fences, cages, attempts by unauthorized personnel to gain entry or otherwise), or dangerous situation, it is critical that you report the violation to management, the security guard or to your human resources representative as soon as possible. In the event you come into contact with a person who doesn t have the appropriate badge or other credential, you should politely inquire as to the individual s business on the premises and, if unsatisfied with the response, promptly report the individual to the security guard and or your human resources representative. In the event of an emergency, you should dial 911 (if you are in the United States) or the appropriate emergency number (if you are outside of the United States). 
 IV. RESPONSIBILITIES TO OUR CUSTOMERS AND OUR SUPPLIERS 
 A. Customer Relationships 
 If your job puts you in contact with any Company customers or potential customers, it is critical for you to remember that you represent the Company to the people with whom you are dealing. Act in a manner that creates value for our customers and helps to build a relationship based upon trust. The Company and its employees have provided products and services for many years and have built up significant goodwill over that time. This goodwill is one of our most important assets, and the Company s employees, agents and contractors must act to preserve and enhance our reputation. 
 B. Publications of Others 
 The Company subscribes to many publications that help employees do their jobs better. These include newsletters, reference works, online reference services, magazines, books, and other digital and printed works. Copyright law generally protects these works, and their unauthorized copying and distribution constitute copyright infringement. You must first obtain the consent of the publisher of a publication before copying publications or significant parts of them. When in doubt about whether you may copy a publication, consult the Legal Department. 
 C. Selecting Suppliers 
 The Company's suppliers make significant contributions to our success. To create an environment where our suppliers have an incentive to work with the Company, they must be confident 
 14 
 Revised September 13, 2021 

that they will be treated lawfully and in an ethical manner. The Company's policy is to purchase supplies based on need, quality, service, price and terms and conditions. The Company's policy is to select significant suppliers or enter into significant supplier agreements through a competitive bid process where possible. Under no circumstances should any Company employee, agent or contractor attempt to coerce suppliers in any way. The confidential information of a supplier is entitled to the same protection as that of any other third party and must not be received before an appropriate nondisclosure agreement has been signed and may not be disclosed except in compliance with such nondisclosure agreement. A supplier's performance should generally not be discussed with anyone outside the Company. A supplier to the Company is generally free to sell its products or services to any other party, including competitors of the Company. In some cases where the products or services have been designed, fabricated, or developed to our specifications, the agreement between the parties may contain restrictions on sales. 
 D. Government Affairs 
 It is the Company's policy to comply fully with all applicable laws and regulations governing contact and dealings with government employees and public officials, and to adhere to high ethical, moral and legal standards of business conduct. This policy includes strict compliance with all local, state, federal, foreign and other applicable laws, rules and regulations. Employees, agents or contractors whose work requires lobbying communication with any member or employee of a legislative body or with any government official or employee in the formulation of legislation, either directly or through a paid lobbyist or law firm, must have prior written approval of such activity from the Company's Legal Department. Activity covered by this policy includes meetings with legislators or members of their staffs or with senior executive branch officials. Preparation, research, and other background activities that are done in support of lobbying communication are also covered by this policy even if the communication ultimately is not made. 
 The Company reserves the right to communicate its position on important issues to elected representatives and other government officials. It is the Company's policy to comply fully with all local, state, federal, foreign and other applicable laws, rules and regulations regarding political contributions. The Company's funds or assets must not be used for, or be contributed to, political campaigns or political practices under any circumstances without the prior written approval of the Company's Legal Department and, if required, the Board of Directors. 
 
 E. Government Contracts 
 It is the Company's policy to comply fully with all applicable laws and regulations that apply to government contracting. It is also necessary to strictly adhere to all terms and conditions of any contract with local, state, federal, foreign or other applicable governments. The Company's Legal Department must review and approve all contracts with any government entity or government contractor. 
 F. Free and Fair Competition 
 15 
 Revised September 13, 2021 

Most countries have well-developed bodies of law designed to encourage and protect free and fair competition. The Company is committed to obeying both the letter and spirit of these laws. The consequences of not doing so can be severe for all of us. 
 These laws often regulate the Company's relationships with its distributors, resellers, dealers, and customers. Competition laws generally address the following areas pricing practices (including price discrimination), discounting, terms of sale, credit terms, promotional allowances, secret rebates, exclusive dealerships or distributorships, product bundling, restrictions on carrying competing products, termination, and many other practices. 
 Competition laws also govern, usually quite strictly, relationships between the Company and its competitors . AS A GENERAL RULE, CONTACTS WITH COMPETITORS SHOULD BE LIMITED AND SHOULD ALWAYS AVOID SUBJECTS SUCH AS PRICES OR OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE, CUSTOMERS, AND SUPPLIERS. Employees, agents or contractors of the Company may not knowingly make false or misleading statements regarding its competitors or the products of its competitors, customers or suppliers. Participating with competitors in a trade association or in a standards creation body is acceptable when the association has been properly established, has a legitimate purpose, and has limited its activities to that purpose. Membership in trade associations should be approved in advance by the Legal Department. 
 No employee, agent or contractor shall at any time or under any circumstances enter into an agreement or understanding, written or oral, express or implied, with any competitor concerning prices, discounts, other terms or conditions of sale, profits or profit margins, costs, allocation of product or geographic markets, allocation of customers, limitations on production, or bids or the intent to bid or even discuss or exchange information on these subjects. In some cases, legitimate joint ventures with competitors may permit exceptions to these rules as may bona fide purchases from or sales to competitors on non-competitive products, but the Company's Legal Department must review all such proposed ventures in advance. These prohibitions are absolute and strict observance is required. Collusion among competitors is illegal, and the consequences of a violation are severe. 
 In addition, no employee, agent or contractor shall cause the Company to participate or agree to participate in a boycott of any customer, competitor, supplier, political subdivision or other group, except as required by applicable law (e.g. legitimate trade sanctions issued by a governmental authority with jurisdiction over the Company). 
 Although the spirit of these laws, known as antitrust, competition, or consumer protection or unfair competition laws, is straightforward, their application to particular situations can be quite complex. To ensure that the Company complies fully with these laws, each of us should have a basic knowledge of them and should involve our Legal Department early on if it appears that a questionable situation may arise. 
 G. Industrial Espionage 
 It is the Company's policy to lawfully compete in the marketplace. This commitment to fairness includes respecting the rights of our competitors and abiding by all applicable laws in the course of 
 16 
 Revised September 13, 2021 

competing. The purpose of this policy is to maintain the Company's reputation as a lawful competitor and to help ensure the integrity of the competitive marketplace. The Company expects its competitors to respect our rights to compete lawfully in the marketplace, and we must respect their rights equally. Company employees, agents and contractors may not steal or unlawfully use the information, material, products, intellectual property, or proprietary or confidential information of anyone including suppliers, customers, business partners or competitors. 
 V. WAIVERS 
 Any waiver of any provision of this Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for a member of the Company s Board of Directors or an executive officer must be approved in writing prior to the proposed transaction by the Company s Board of Directors and promptly publicly disclosed. Any waiver of any provision of this Code of Business Conduct and Ethics with respect to any other employee, agent or contractor must be approved in writing prior to the proposed transaction by the Company s Legal Department. 
 VI. DISCIPLINARY ACTIONS 
 The matters covered in this Code of Business Conduct and Ethics are of the utmost importance to the Company, its stockholders and its business partners, and are essential to the Company's ability to conduct its business in accordance with its stated values. We expect all of our employees, agents, contractors and consultants to adhere to these rules in carrying out their duties for the Company. 
 The Company will take appropriate action against any employee, agent, contractor or consultant whose actions are found to violate these policies or any other policies of the Company. Disciplinary actions may include immediate termination of employment or business relationship at the Company's sole discretion. Where the Company has suffered a loss, it may pursue its remedies against the individuals or entities responsible. Where laws have been violated, the Company will cooperate fully with the appropriate authorities. You should review the Company's policies and procedures at the Sanmina intranet site for more detailed information. 
 
 17 
 Revised September 13, 2021 

VII. ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS 
 I have received and read the Company's Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. I understand the standards and policies contained in the Company Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and understand that there may be additional policies or laws specific to my job. I further agree to comply with the Company Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, including, without limitation, Section III (C) concerning conflicts of interest. I acknowledge that violations of the Company Code of Business Conduct, including, without limitation, Section III (C) concerning conflicts of interest, constitute a material breach of the Company s rules and regulations and are grounds for termination of my employment with the Company. 
 If I have questions concerning the meaning or application of the Company Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, any Company policies, or the legal and regulatory requirements applicable to my job, I will consult my manager, the Human Resources Department or the Legal Department. 
 
 Name 
 Signature 
 Date 
 Location (Facility) 
 Please sign and return this form to the Human Resources Manager at your facility. 
 
 18 
 Revised September 13, 2021 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 sanm_10022021xex211x10k.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 
 Entity Name Jurisdiction AET Holdings Limited Mauritius CertainSource Technology Group Inc. Texas CST Real Estate LLC Texas Davos Group Limited British Virgin Islands Hadco Corporation Massachusetts Hadco Santa Clara, Inc. Delaware MPSTOR Limited Ireland Primary Sourcing Corp. Texas Sanmina (B.V.I.) Ltd British Virgin Islands Sanmina Bulgaria EOOD Bulgaria Sanmina Dutch Holdings B.V. Netherlands Sanmina Enclosures Systems Hungary Limited Liability Company Hungary Sanmina Holdings, Inc. Delaware Sanmina Ireland Unlimited Company Ireland Sanmina SAS France Sanmina-SCI (China) Limited Hong Kong Sanmina-SCI (H.K.) Limited Hong Kong Sanmina-SCI (Shenzhen) Limited China Sanmina-SCI AB Sweden Sanmina-SCI Central Services France Sanmina-SCI Circuits (Wuxi) Co., Ltd China Sanmina-SCI Corporation (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd Malaysia Sanmina-SCI Corporation Africa (Pty) Ltd. South Africa Sanmina-SCI Corporation Argentina SA Argentina Sanmina-SCI Corporation Colombia S.A.S. Colombia Sanmina-SCI Czech Republic s.r.o. Czech Republic Sanmina-SCI de Mexico S.A. de C.V. Mexico Sanmina-SCI do Brasil Integration Ltda. Brazil Sanmina-SCI do Brasil Ltda. Brazil Sanmina-SCI do Brasil Technology Ltda. Brazil Sanmina-SCI Dutch Holdings B.V. Netherlands Sanmina-SCI Electronics Pte. Ltd. Singapore Sanmina-SCI EMS Haukipudas Oy Finland Sanmina-SCI Enclosure Systems (Asia) Limited Hong Kong Sanmina-SCI Enclosure Systems (Shenzhen) Limited China Sanmina-SCI Germany GmbH Germany Sanmina-SCI Holding (Thailand) Limited Thailand Sanmina-SCI Holding GmbH & Co. KG Germany Sanmina-SCI Hungary Electronics Manufacturing LLC Hungary Sanmina-SCI Hungary Holding Limited Liability Company Hungary Sanmina-SCI India Private Limited India Sanmina-SCI Israel EMS Ltd. Israel Sanmina-SCI Israel Medical Systems Ltd Israel Sanmina-SCI Optical Technology (Shenzhen) Ltd China Sanmina-SCI Pte. Ltd. Singapore 

Entity Name Jurisdiction Sanmina-SCI RSP de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Sanmina-SCI Systems (Kunshan) Co., Limited China Sanmina-SCI Systems (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Sanmina-SCI Systems (Thailand) Ltd. Thailand Sanmina-SCI Systems Australia Pty Ltd Australia Sanmina-SCI Systems de Mexico S.A. de C.V. Mexico Sanmina-SCI Systems Holdings, LLC Delaware Sanmina-SCI Systems Ireland Limited Ireland Sanmina-SCI Systems Israel LTD. Israel Sanmina-SCI Systems Japan, Ltd. Japan Sanmina-SCI Systems Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore Sanmina-SCI Systems Tel Aviv Ltd. Israel Sanmina-SCI Technology India Private Ltd India Sanmina-SCI Technology Limited Cayman Islands Sanmina-SCI U.K. Limited United Kingdom Sanmina-SCI TAG de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico SCI Brockville Corp. Canada SCI Technology, Inc. Alabama SensorWise, Inc. Texas 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 sanm_10022021xex231x10k.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-131360, 333-61042, 333-50282, 333-39316, 333-95467, 333-84221, 333-84039, 333-76279, and 333-71313) and on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-258471, 333-237898, 333-231175, 333-228406, 333-221515, 333-214706, 333-203596, 333-195455, 333-188085, 333-182042, 333-172128, 333-165435, 333-157099, 333-84704, 333-112605, 333-108942, 333-104692, 333-100236, 333-87946, 333-84704, 333-83110, 333-75616, 333-64294, 333-39930, 333-79259, and 333-23565) of Sanmina Corporation of our report dated November 12, 2021 relating to the financial statements and financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 ______________________ 
 San Jose, California 
 November 12, 2021 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 sanm_10022021xex311x10k.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302(A) OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Jure Sola, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sanmina Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 12, 2021 s JURE SOLA Jure Sola Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 sanm_10022021xex312x10k.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302(A) OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Kurt Adzema, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sanmina Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 12, 2021 s KURT ADZEMA Kurt Adzema Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 sanm_10022021xex321x10k.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States of America Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), Jure Sola, Chief Executive Officer of Sanmina Corporation (the Company ), hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge 
 
 1. The Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 2, 2021, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the Periodic Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned has set his hand hereto as of November 12, 2021. 
 
 s JURE SOLA Jure Sola Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 sanm_10022021xex322x10k.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States of America Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), Kurt Adzema, Chief Financial Officer of Sanmina Corporation (the Company ), hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge 
 
 1. The Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 2, 2021, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.2 (the Periodic Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned has set his hand hereto as of November 12, 2021. 
 
 s KURT ADZEMA 
 Kurt Adzema Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 sanm-20211002.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 sanm-20211002_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 sanm-20211002_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 sanm-20211002_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 sanm-20211002_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

