<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211013_10-K_edgar_data_1576873_0001493152-21-025335.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10399689</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>217284</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4489532</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2627083</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1647919</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1252469</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-21-025335.hdr.sgml : 20211013
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211013171250
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-21-025335
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		84
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211013
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211013

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMERICAN BATTERY METALS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001576873
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		IRS NUMBER:				331227980
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55088
		FILM NUMBER:		211321866

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 S RYLAND STREET, SUITE 138
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89502
		BUSINESS PHONE:		775-473-4744

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 S RYLAND STREET, SUITE 138
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89502

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Oroplata Resources, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130514

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-21-025335.txt : 20211013

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM
10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
File number: 000-55088 

AMERICAN
 BATTERY METALS CORPORATION 
 
 (Exact
 name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Nevada 
 
 33-1227980 
 
 (State
 or other jurisdiction 
 of
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

401
 S Ryland Street, Suite 138, Reno, NV 89502 
 
 (Address
 of principal executive offices) 

(775)
 473-4744 
 
 (Registrant s
 telephone number) 

(Former
 name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, par value 0.001 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Non-accelerated
 filer 
 
 Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes No 

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 630,066,844 as of December 31, 2020 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date:
 630,787,717 shares of common stock as of October 7, 2021 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
annual report on Form 10-K (this Report contains forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are contained
principally in the Business and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations sections of this Report. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may
cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performances or achievements
expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as anticipates ,
 believes , seeks , could , estimates , expects , intends ,
 may , plans , potential , predicts , projects , should ,
 would and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect our current
views with respect to future events and are based on assumptions and subject to risks and uncertainties. Given these uncertainties, you
should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Such statements may include, but are not limited to, information
related to: anticipated operating results; relationships with our customers; consumer demand; financial resources and condition; changes
in revenues; changes in profitability; changes in accounting treatment; cost of sales; selling, general and administrative expenses;
interest expense; the ability to produce the liquidity or enter into agreements to acquire the capital necessary to continue our operations
and take advantage of opportunities; legal proceedings and claims. Also, forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions
only as of the date of this Report. You should read this Report and the documents that we reference and file or furnish as exhibits to
this Report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. Except
as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual results
could differ materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. 

PRESENTATION
OF INFORMATION 

Except
as otherwise indicated by the context, references in this Report to ABMC , we , us , our 
and the Company are to the combined business of American Battery Metals Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

This
Report includes our audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended June 30, 2021 and nine months ended June 30,
2020. These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States US GAAP ). All financial information in this Report is presented in US dollars, unless otherwise indicated, and should
be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in this Report. 

2 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 9 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 9 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 9 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 15 
 
 Item
 4 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 15 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 16 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Selected
 Financial Data 
 17 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 17 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 21 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 21 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 23 
 
 Item
 9A 
 Control
 and Procedures 
 23 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 24 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 25 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 29 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 30 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 30 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 
 30 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 31 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 31 

Signatures 
 32 

3 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Background 

The
lithium-ion battery manufacturing supply chain is organized into four industries that operate in series: battery feedstock providers,
material refiners, cell manufacturers, and end-use product (electric vehicle, stationary storage, consumer electronics, etc.) manufacturers.
While the scale of manufacturing of lithium-ion battery cells and of electric vehicles and other end-use products have grown substantially
within the US in recent years, there has been little domestic growth in the battery feedstock and material refining portions of the manufacturing
supply chain. This has led to an imbalance within the domestic US supply chain and has caused the majority of cell manufacturing and
end-use product manufacturers to rely on foreign supplies of their raw and refined feedstock materials. The situation is so dire that
in its Mineral Commodity Summaries 2020 report, the US Geological Survey estimated that less than 1 of each of the critical
and strategic battery metals (lithium, nickel, cobalt, and manganese) produced globally in 2020 were produced within the US. 

American
Battery Metals Corporation ABMC is a startup company in the lithium-ion battery industry that is working to increase
the domestic US production of these four battery metals through its engagement in the exploration of new primary resources of battery
metals, in the development and commercialization of new technologies for the extraction of these battery metals from primary resources,
and in the commercialization of an internally developed integrated process for the recycling of lithium-ion batteries for the recovery
of battery metals. Through this three-pronged approach ABMC is working to both increase the domestic production of these battery metals,
and also to ensure that as these materials reach their end of lives that the constituent elemental battery metals are returned to the
manufacturing supply chain in a closed-loop fashion. 

Battery
Metals Exploration 

The
Company s exploration efforts are currently focused on the sampling and characterization of lithium-bearing of brine and claystone
sedimentary resources in the Western Nevada Basin (WNB) located in Nye County, Nevada. Through sampling and evaluation of its previous
brine stone holdings over the past year, the Company currently holds 644 BLM unpatented placer mining claims on approximately 12,880
acres of land. The Company is performing bench scale characterization and extraction trials to evaluate the technical and economic feasibility
of extracting elemental lithium from these, and newly acquired, resources in order to produce battery grade lithium hydroxide, and other
high value lithium products, for sale to the battery metals market. In September 2021, the Company entered into an exploration license
agreement on 305 unpatented lode claims for prospective lithium claystone exploration in the city of Tonopah s mining district
area. 

ABMC
has been evaluating the expansion and collection of samples of exploration efforts to nickel, cobalt, and manganese rich resources throughout
the US and Canada, however, has not yet entered into any formal agreements or contracts. 

Battery
Metals Extractions 

In
addition, ABMC has been working in collaboration with several lithium-rich resource owners within the Clayton Valley area of Central
Nevada. These resources largely consist of lithium-rich claystone sedimentary deposits, and ABMC has been working with these resource
owners in order to receive sample quantities of materials from various drilling locations. Through characterizations and experimentation,
ABMC has found that the mechanisms by which lithium is held within these deposits is quite unique, and ABMC has been performing bench
scale trials on an internally developed first-of-kind selective leaching process for the low-cost extraction of lithium from these claystone
resources. This novel method of enabling a selective leaching of lithium from these claystone sedimentary resources has allowed for significantly
lower consumption of acid, lower levels of contaminants in the generated leach liquor, and lower overall costs of production. After reviewing
the performance of this novel process and confirming its uniqueness through discussions with third party industry analysts, ABMC is considering
preparing and submitting an initial provisional patent application for this technology. 

4 

With
the material generated during these selective extraction trials, ABMC has performed bench scale separations, purification, and concentration
processes to produce a high purity aqueous lithium hydroxide solution followed by crystallization and filtration processes to produce
a battery cathode grade lithium hydroxide powder product. ABMC is currently evaluating the composition and morphology of these product
materials relative to the required material specifications from high energy density cathode manufacturers in order to determine the technical
and economic feasibility of manufacturing lithium hydroxide monohydrate products through this set of technologies with Clayton Valley
claystone sedimentary resources as the feedstock. 

The
remainder of the Company s extraction efforts have been through using recycled materials as feedstock. 

Lithium-Ion
Battery Recycling 

ABMC
has developed a universal lithium-ion battery recycling system that is able to recycle batteries of a wide range of form factors (packs,
modules, cylindrical cells, prismatic cells, pouch cells, defect and intermediate waste cells, metal scraps, slurries, and powders) and
of a wide range of cathode chemistries (lithiated cobalt oxide, lithiated nickel-cobalt-aluminum oxide, lithiated nickel-cobalt-manganese
oxide, lithiated nickel-cobalt-manganese-aluminum oxide, lithiated nickel-oxide, and lithiated manganese-oxide) of various relative weighting
of transition metals. While there currently has not been a large proliferation of lithium-ion battery recycling facilities in operation
globally, the few that are operating generally implement brute force methods of processing batteries, by performing bulk
high temperature calcinations or bulk acid dissolutions. These upfront processes can be simpler to implement; however, they also make
it very difficult to enable high material recovery efficiencies of high value metal products downstream. 

ABMC
has developed a highly strategic recycling processing train that does not employ any high temperature operations or any bulk chemical
treatments of the full battery. Several of the leaders of the ABMC team have previously worked in the design, construction, commissioning,
and optimization of one of the largest lithium-ion battery manufacturing factories in the world. Through these experiences they gained
a first principles physics-based understanding of every stage of lithium-ion battery cell manufacturing, and more importantly a fundamental
understanding of the failure mechanisms that can cause battery components, cells, and modules to fail. Through these fundamental understandings
the ABMC team has developed an automated high-speed mechanical separation process, which works to exploit the weaknesses in battery design
to essentially de-manufacture the modules and cells in a rapid and automated fashion in order to dissect and separate the
constituent components. This system is able to feed battery materials, without bulk discharging operations, and separate module materials,
cell casings, electrode foils, low density materials, material powders, and wastewater in a matter of minutes without any direct hands-on
operator interactions. 

After
the battery feedstock material is separated and sorted, what remains is a stream that contains rinse water, organic carbonates, dissolved
fluorine and phosphorous species, dissolved metals, and is of very high pH due to the leaching of loosely held lithium from the electrodes.
While many current facilities lightly treat this water stream in order to meet discharge requirements, the ABMC team has instead developed
a 6-part system that is able to treat this water in a targeted fashion, extract contaminants in non-hazardous forms, and purify the water
to a higher quality than even the onsite well water. This treated water is then re-used back in the separations process in a closed loop
fashion. The avoidance of the discharge of this water, and of the purchasing of makeup water, results in significant levelized cost savings
and a dramatically lowered environmental footprint. 

While
the scrap metal products are sold directly after being separated from the automated disassembly system, the cathode and anode powders
are sent for further processing in an internally developed chemical extraction system. This consists of a series of dilute acid dissolution,
impurity removal, selective extraction, and purification systems that are able to individually extract lithium, nickel, cobalt, and manganese
elemental metals and upgrade them to the battery cathode grade specifications demanded by high energy density cathode manufacturers. 

Through
the high speed and automated de-manufacturing of a wide variety of battery feedstock materials, and the low cost and high material recovery
efficiency chemical extraction train, ABMC is able to successfully extract battery metals from end-of-life products and manufacturing
waste and return them to the lithium-ion battery manufacturing supply chain in an economically sustainable fashion. As a result of their
lower environmental footprint, lower total cost of production, and high stability of supply these recycled battery cathode metal feedstocks
are highly valuable and sought after by domestic US high energy density cathode manufacturers. 

5 

The
largest high energy density cathode manufacturing within the US is BASF, and in order to accelerate the commercialization of closed loop
lithium-ion battery recycling, they initiated the Circularity Challenge in early 2019. This was a global competition where they challenged
companies throughout the world to develop new innovative technologies for the recycling of large format lithium-ion batteries to establish
a circular economy in the battery supply chain industries. To winners of the Circularity Challenge, BASF offered seed funding, access
to development laboratories, and the exploration of partnership agreements. Over 100 companies throughout the world applied to this challenge
throughout 2019, and after several down select and review presentations, in September 2019 BASF selected ABMC as the sole winner of the
battery recycling portion of this Circularity Challenge. BASF is one of the largest purchasers of lithium-ion battery metal feedstocks
in the US, and through the relationship established through this Circularity Challenge ABMC and BASF have been exploring several avenues
of working together to accelerate the commercialization of this lithium-ion battery recycling technology. 

The
Company is working with its design-build general contractor and architectural firm on the design and construction of an initial plant
and storage facilities for its battery recycling business (the Pilot Plant (See further discussion in Properties below).
When completed, the Pilot Plant is expected to consist of approximately 100,000 square feet of building space, including a 60,000 square
foot production space, space for a development center with laboratories and offices, and a warehouse. The Pilot Plant production space
will be built in two phases, 30,000 square feet at first, then another 30,000 square feet in the second phase. 

Recent
Financing Transaction 

On
September 27, 2021, the Company entered into a definitive securities purchase agreement with a U.S.-based
institutional asset manager for the sale of ABMC common shares yielding approximately 36,925,000 of net proceeds, after deducting
placement agent fees and estimated offering expenses payable by us. The net proceeds from the transaction are expected to fully fund
the Company through the construction and commissioning of its Nevada-based 20,000 metric tonne per year battery recycling pilot plant
as well as provide working capital to the Company over the next twelve months. For
details of this financing transaction, please refer to the current report on form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on September 28, 2021. 

Company
History 

The
Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on October 6, 2011 for the purpose of acquiring rights to mineral properties
with the eventual objective of being a producing mineral company. We have limited operating history and have not yet generated or realized
any revenues from our activities. Our principal executive offices are located at 401 S Ryland Street, Suite 138, Reno, NV 89502. 

On
August 8, 2016, the Company formed Lithortech Resources Inc. as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company to serve as its operating subsidiary
for lithium resource exploration and development. On June 29, 2018, the Company changed the name of Lithortech Resources to LithiumOre
Corp. LithiumOre ). On May 3, 2019, the Company changed its name to American Battery Metals Corporation. On August 12,
2021, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment with the State of Nevada to change its name to American Battery Technology Company
which name better aligns with the Company s current business activities. 

The
growth in demand for lithium-ion batteries is predicted by industry researchers to grow by over ten-fold over the next ten years, while
over the same period there are limited announcements for new production sources of domestic US based lithium, nickel, cobalt, or manganese.
As a result, there will be increased pressure on the prices of domestically sourced battery metals, and increased reliance on foreign
sourced battery metals. These industry trends support and validate the Company s multifaceted three-pronged business model to increase
the production of domestic US sourced battery metals. The Company is currently a pre-revenue organization and we do not anticipate earning
revenues until such time as we have initial operations of our lithium-ion battery recycling facility underway, or until we have undertaken
sufficient exploration work to identify lithium and or other battery metals reserves and have validated and commercialized a cost-effective
extraction system. 

Market
and Industry 

Lithium
is extracted from primarily two sources: hard rock spodumene and pegmatite crystals, and dissolved lithium salts from brine pools. Currently,
the world s top producers of Lithium are located in Australia, Chile, Argentina, and China. 

Excluding
the US, 2020, worldwide Lithium production totaled approximately 82,000 tons, with the top 4 countries (Australia, Chile, China, Argentina)
contributing roughly 95 of the global production. Most of the world s lithium supply is produced by five companies: Albemarle
Corporation, FMC Corporation/Livent, Chile s Sociedad Quimica Y Minera de Chile (SQM), Ganfeng Lithium, and Tianqi Lithium. Albemarle,
FMC, and SQM have traditionally been considered the Big 3 of global lithium producers. FMC Corporation spun off its lithium
production to Livent in 2018. 

6 

In
2020, the market share of the Big 3 companies decreased from 85 to 53 , with the Chinese companies attaining 40 market
share. 

Much
of the current production of Lithium in Australia is derived from conventional mining techniques of ancient Precambrian rocks containing
Lithium ore which is crushed and fed into capital intensive processing plants which upgrade the lithium mineral using gravity, flotation,
magnetic and roasting purification processes. 

Alternatively,
Lithium production from Chile and Argentina uses a much less capital intense extraction method. Lithium is located beneath various salt
flats. The Lithium is leached from nearby source rocks and becomes concentrated in salty brines just under the surface. The Lithium enriched
brines are then pumped up to settle in multiple shallow surface evaporation pools which produces a thicker Lithium rich liquid. That
liquid is treated with sodium carbonate, which creates lithium carbonate. 

The
Lithium market has typically been dominated by the ceramic and medical sectors, however recently the demand for Lithium for the battery
markets- to fuel electric vehicles and energy storage applications- outstripped any other sector. 

The
primary lithium-ion battery manufacturers by capacity are: CATL, BYD, Tesla, Panasonic of Japan, and LG Chem of South Korea. 

Lithium
is not currently traded on any commodity exchanges, but rather is usually distributed in a chemical form such as lithium carbonate (Li2CO3)
and sold directly to end users for a negotiated price per ton of lithium carbonate. 

General
Market Analysis 

Lithium-ion
batteries have become the rechargeable battery of choice in cell phones, computers, electric cars and now larger scale electric storage.
The growth in demand for lithium batteries is predicted to far outpace lithium production in the coming decade; in particular, Lithium-ion
batteries for the automotive industry is expected to continue to drive demand beyond supply. 

Recently,
Japan and South Korea have both recorded high levels of Lithium-ion battery exports as auto companies ramp up battery consumption
to power all-electric vehicle sales. China has the most electric vehicles on the road, but both European and North American auto manufacturers
are committed to significantly increasing EV sales by 2025. According to Goldman Sachs, 25 of cars sold will have electric engines by
2025, up from 5 today. Just a 1 increase of Electric Vehicles hitting the market could increase lithium demand by roughly half of the
current production of lithium today. 

Tesla s
mile long Gigafactory started producing powerful Lithium-ion batteries in January 2017 with its partner Panasonic. The Gigafactory will
supply batteries for the 500,000 cars Tesla hopes to produce by the end of the decade, as well as to power homes. Also, Chrysler, Dodge,
Ford, GM, BMW, Volkswagen, Mercedes-Benz, Mitsubishi, Nissan, Saturn, Tesla and Toyota have all announced plans to build lithium-ion
battery powered cars. After Tesla released the Model 3 in July 2017, there have been over 500,000 reservations for the vehicle and production
is starting 2 years ahead of schedule. Elon Musk has stated that Tesla will have to acquire the entire lithium market to meet the current
demands. Thus, the global lithium market is approaching shortages, which has made it a useful commodity and mineral explorers have launched
efforts to locate and bring new suppliers to the marketplace. 

Lithium
brine exploration and development has proven to be much more cost effective and faster to be put into production than the hard rock mine
counterparts. Lithium brine deposits are considered placer deposits and are easier to gain mining permits for. Brine is also a liquid
which means that drilling to find it is more akin to drilling for water or oil. It s also typically located relatively close to
surface, which limits the depth of required drilling. Once lithium brine is found, the reserve data is more straightforward to understand
and quantify. 

As
the brines are found in large flat areas, the construction of numerous flat evaporation pools or direct solvent extraction can be achieved
at relatively low cost. Environmental impact is minimized as the excess residual brines can be pumped back into the salt flats. In addition,
the Company is now exploring prospective near-surface claystone deposits. 

7 

In
Summary: 

Historically,
lithium demand came from industrial sectors manufacturing greases, glass, and ceramics. The processing of lithium for industrial applications
requires lower specification products. 

The
introduction of the lithium-ion battery for consumer electronics, EV, and energy storage applications changed the demand dynamic; the
batteries for e-mobility and energy storage now dominate current and future demand for lithium. Electric vehicles will continue to require
vast amounts of lithium with higher grade and purities. 

Electric
Vehicle OEM are increasingly quality-conscious and develop close relationships to the modern megafactories that supply
them with battery cells. In order to consistently supply the desired high nickel cathodes, megafactories need high purity raw materials
- particularly lithium - to create low impurity lithium hydroxide. 

In
the United States, there are not currently enough chemical producers in operation to meet existing or future standards; battery grade
hydroxide production is quite small as compared to the whole lithium supply chain. To meet market demand, this segment must quickly grow
in the short term, at an estimated rate of 35-40 between now and 2025. 

In
2019, explanations for the drop in the price of lithium were erroneously attributed to the oversupply myth. The reality
is that there is not too much lithium in production but rather that there is not enough battery grade lithium hydroxide
to meet market demand to fuel the explosive projections for Electric Vehicles. 

Existing
producers know that aside from handling and limited shelf life, consistently producing battery grade hydroxide within spec, 
while meeting the qualification challenges going forward will require significantly more high-grade lithium products. This will require
new resources of raw materials, which demands investment in new exploration and mining projects. 

Competition 

We
compete with other mining/exploration and battery recycling companies, many of which possess greater financial resources and technical
facilities than we do, in connection with the acquisition of suitable exploration properties, building and operating process plants and
in connection with the engagement of qualified personnel. The lithium exploration/mining and battery recycling industries are fragmented,
and we are a very small participant in these sectors. Many of our competitors have been in business longer than we have and have established
more strategic partnerships and relationships and have greater financial accessibility than we have. 

While
we compete with other exploration companies in acquiring suitable properties, we believe that there would be readily available purchasers
of lithium and other precious metals if they were to be produced from any of our leased properties. The price of precious metals can
be affected by a number of factors beyond our control, including: 

fluctuations in the market prices for lithium; 

fluctuating supplies of lithium; 

fluctuating demand for lithium; and 

mining activities of others. 

If
lithium mineralization that is determined to be of economic grade and in sufficient quantity to justify production were located, additional
capital would be required to develop, mine and sell our production. 

Covid-19
Impact 

In
March 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a pandemic. As COVID-19 continues to spread throughout the world,
the ongoing global pandemic continues to prompt governments and businesses to maintain and, in some cases, extend unprecedented measures
in response. Such measures have included federal, state, county and local governments, and public health organizations and authorities
around the world implementing a variety of measures intended to control the spread of the virus, including quarantines, stay-at-home 
orders, travel restrictions, school closures, business limitations and closures, social distancing and hygiene requirements. The COVID-19
pandemic has also disrupted global supply chains and workforce participation and created significant volatility and disruption of financial
markets. A prolonged economic downturn and adverse impact to global economies or a sustained slowdown in growth or demand could have
an adverse effect on commodity prices and/or our ability to raise financing to meet our ongoing obligations. T he
full extent to which COVID-19 impacts the Company will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted,
including new information which may emerge concerning COVID-19 and the actions required to contain or treat its impact, among others. 

8 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Not
required. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Properties 

We
operate within the U.S.A, with our principal executive offices located in Reno, Nevada. As our Pilot Plant is being constructed we are
currently operating out of temporary executive suites under an initial one year lease that has a minimum base rent of 659 per month.
Our extraction office is located in Tonopah, Nevada, our battery metal extraction and lithium-ion battery recycling technologies laboratories
located in Reno, Nevada and Greentown, Massachusetts, our mining claims located in the Western Nevada Basin and Inyo County, CA, our
farm and water rights located in Currant, Nevada, and our water rights and undeveloped industrial land in Fernley, Nevada and McCarran,
Nevada. 

We
believe that all our property and facilities are generally well maintained, effectively used and are adequate to operate our business. 

Set
forth below is information regarding significant properties operated by us: 

Proposed
Pilot Plant Fernley, NV 

On
July 29, 2020, the Company entered into escrow to purchase approximately 12 acres of undeveloped industrial land in Fernley,
Nevada in a Qualified Opportunity Zone (QOZ). The Company intends to construct a commercial pilot plant to be a first-of-its-kind lithium-ion
battery recycling facility on this land (the Pilot Plant ). The Company intends to invest approximately 30 million between
September 2021 and September 2022 in order to construct and commission the first portion of this facility. This first phase will consist
of approximately 30,000 sq. ft. of industrial processing space, as well as laboratory and office space. Once this first phase is operational,
the Company estimates that this battery recycling facility will be operating in a financially self-sufficient manner as it sells scrap
metal and high value metal filter cake products. 

Beginning
in the 4 th calendar quarter of 2022 the Company intends to invest an additional approximately 10 million to install value-add
operations to this recycling facility to further increase operating margins. These value-add operations will allow for the manufacturing
of battery cathode grade metal products (lithium hydroxide, nickel sulfate, cobalt sulfate, manganese sulfate) in addition to the sale
of scrap metals. 

Undeveloped
Industrial Land McCarran, NV 

On
June 28, 2021, the Company purchased approximately 13.87 acres of industrial-zoned land in McCarran, Nevada. The Company intends to construct
a supplemental storage facility for pilot plant feedstock on this site. 

Additional
Undeveloped Industrial Land Fernley, NV 

On
July 23, 2021, the Company purchased an additional 12.44 acres of industrial-zoned land in Fernley, Nevada. The Company intends to construct
a supplemental storage facility for feedstock on this site to be used in the Pilot Plant. 

Water
Rights 

Between
March 3, 2021 and July 8, 2021, the Company purchased approximately 290 AF of water rights in Basin 76, Fernley, Nevada, to be used at
the Company s discretion. 

9 

Laboratory
Facilities 

The
Company operates out of two laboratory facilities for the research and development of its battery metal extraction and lithium-ion battery
recycling technologies. 

Greentown
Labs, Somerville, MA 

The
Company occupies wet chemistry laboratory space, free of charge, from Greentown Labs, which is the largest clean technology incubator
in North America. Besides desk and lab space, the Company also has access to more than 1 million worth of resources, equipment, programming,
and staff support. The Company was afforded this opportunity by winning the Greentown Labs Circularity Challenge, an accelerator program
for start-ups developed in partnership with BASF, one of the world s leading chemical companies. The program intends to advance
innovative ideas to disrupt the plastics, energy storage and recycling value chains to enable a circular economy. The Company is utilizing
Greentown Labs to advance their metal extraction techniques and lithium-ion battery recycling technologies. 

Center
for Applied Research, Reno, NV 

The
Company leases a laboratory and office space from the University of Nevada, Reno. The laboratory is utilized for metal extraction research
and for the testing of soil samples. The cost of the month-to-month lease is 2,949 a month. 

Mining
Claims 

The
Company currently has 644 placer mining claims that cover approximately 12,880 acres in the area known as the Western Nevada Basin, situated
in Railroad Valley in Nye County, Nevada. On April 1, 2021, the Company staked 16 Placer mining claims PAN 1-16, in the Panamint mining
district in California. We do not currently have any partnership agreements or royalty agreements in connection with such claims. 

We
also own a 120-acre parcel of private property with water rights, in the town of Currant, NV near Railroad Valley. This property will
function as the base of operations for field exploration activities and logistics. 

We
lease from the Bureau of Land Management our Western Nevada Basin Claims where we are exploring and drilling for possible lithium-rich
brine. 

The
Western Nevada Basin (WNB) Claims are located in east central Nye County, Nevada (Figure 1) approximately 93 miles northeast of the county
seat of Tonopah, NV, the major commercial center for the region; 56 miles southwest of the town of Ely, NV and 120 miles northeast of
Silver Peak NV, the only currently operating lithium producer in the State. 

10 

Figure
1. Location Map. The Western Nevada Basin Claim is located within the central portion of the Railroad Valley, approximately 169 miles
north-northwest of Las Vegas, NV and 234 miles east-southeast of Reno, NV. 

Figure
2. The Western Nevada Basin Mining Property covers approximately 12,880 acres. It consists of a total six hundred and forty-seven (644)
placer claims. Each claim covers approximately 20 acres and was laid out by aliquot parts as required by the Bureau of Land Management. 

Lithium
is a locatable mineral according to the Code of Federal Regulations. Mining rights to lithium are held by lode claims where it occurs
in bedrock and by placer claims where it occurs in sediments and brines . A body of legal precedents set during the original development
of lithium brines in the area provides that lithium in valley sediments by nature of the unconsolidated host rock are staked by and produced
from placer claims. 

In
Nevada the claim staking procedure requires recording documents with both the county Recorder s Office and the state BLM office.
Claims must be staked by posts at the claims four corners and a Notice of Location which describe the claims legal description of location
and owner. The claims are required to be recorded at the county courthouse within the proper jurisdiction within 90 days from the staking
date. 

Placer
claims on Federal lands are held to a September 1 to August 31 assessment year when Intent to Hold or Proof of labor documents need to
be filed with the county for the annual assessment work. The pertinent documents are filed with the Nye County Recorder s Office. 

The
current Federal BLM annual maintenance fee is 165 per 20-acre (or a portion thereof) placer claim (http://www.blm.gov/ca/st/en/info/iac/miningfacts.html).
Payment of those fees allows the claim to stay on the BLM active database. Non-payment results in the claims moving to closed 
status. 

Before
August 31st of each year, a payment of 165 per claim is made to the BLM to hold the claims in good standing for the following assessment
year. The total BLM cost for the 2021 assessment year for the 644WNB Claims was 106,260. Fees were also paid in 2018, 2019, and 2020
in order to maintain the current mining claims. 

In
2020 the total number of placer mining claims were reduced from 1,300 to 644. The decision to reduce the current mining claim holdings
was based on detailed geologic and geophysical interpretations of field studies conducted on the WNB Claims over several months in 2019
and 2020. In order to increase shareholder value on a claim-by-claim basis only the most prospective claims were maintained
while interpreted potential unproductive claims were effectively dropped in order to save exploration funds. 

11 

When
fees are paid a claim is deemed active . Active and approved claim fees are also due to the County before November 1 st
 of each year. A payment to Nye County, NV, of 12 per claim to file an affidavit of assessment fees paid and notice of intent to
hold the claims into the next assessment year. The total Nye County holding cost for the current 644 WNB claims is 7,728 and will be
paid before November 1, 2021. Payments to the County are current as of October 31, 2020. 

As
public lands, there is right of free access and both surface and mineral rights are held by the Federal government. Public records (Bureau
of Land Management) show no military withdrawals or Areas of Critical Environmental Concern. The Railroad Valley Wildlife Management
Area is located to the west of the WNB claim boundary and has no effect on any planned work on the WNB claim area. 

To
the Company s knowledge, there are no known environmental liabilities to which the property is subject or other significant factors
and risks that may access, title, or the right or ability to perform work on the property . The NOI permit for the drilling site
was approved on July 13, 2018. 

Accessibility 

The
main route of access to the WNB project is Nevada State U.S. Route 6 which provides all year access to Railroad Valley and the project
area. U.S. Route 6 provides direct access to the two nearby commercial centers; Tonopah, located southwest of the project at the junction
of Routes 6 and 95, approximately 90 minutes away, and Ely, a slightly larger commercial center with a population of over 4,200 approximately,
located northeast of the project approximately 60 minutes away. US Highway 95 is the main highway linking Las Vegas and Reno, the two
largest metropolitan areas in Nevada. 

Climate 

Railroad
Valley is in the rain shadow of the Sierra Nevada Mountains. The region is arid to almost semiarid. Winters are cold while summers are
hot. Average annual precipitation is approximately 5 inches; however, variations occur at differing altitudes. Exploration can be conducted
in the spring, summer, and fall seasons. 

Local
Resources 

Railroad
Valley contains several small communities which include Currant, Crow s Nest, Green Springs, Locke s, and Nyala. Electrical
power is available within the valley area. 

The
larger population centers of Ely and Tonopah are connected via U.S. Route 6 to the project area. Tonopah has a population of approximately
2,500 and is the governmental center for the region. Ely has a population of approximately 4,200 and is the closest commercial center.
Groceries, hardware, a bank and a choice of motels and restaurants are available in both Ely and Tonopah. 

The
area has a long history of mining. Mining personnel can be sourced mostly from the larger towns of Tonopah or Ely. 

Infrastructure 

A
reasonable network of 4x4, graded and paved roads connect the claim area to the rest of Nevada. Electrical power is available at several
sites throughout the valley and could easily provide power to any operation at the project area. The nearest rail and large commercial
airline service are in Las Vegas, NV approximately 169 miles to the south. 

Physiography 

Railroad
Valley is one of the longest topographically closed drainage basins in Nevada, extending more than 110 miles in a north-south direction
and up to 20 miles wide. This valley is one of the Central Nevada Desert Basins in the Tonopah Basin. The southern end of the valley
begins near Gray Top Mountain (7,036 feet) and stretches north all the way to Mount Hamilton (10,745 feet). The mountain masses are dominated
by the White Pine, Grant and Quinn Canyon ranges east of the valley. 

12 

Railroad
Valley comprises an area of approximately 2,750 square miles. Two large flat areas occur within the valley. The claims are located on
the large Northern flat area of the valley floor at elevations generally of 4400 4700 feet. The valley floor is characterized
by subdued topography with washes eroding into slightly older valley-fill sediments. 

The
claims are located on flat areas where vegetation is scarce. There is sufficient surface area for recovery and processing facilities
within the Claims. 

Geologic
Setting 

The
claims are located in the Basin and Range physiographic province which stretches from southern Oregon and Idaho to Mexico. It is characterized
by extreme elevation changes between mountains and flat intermountain valleys or basins. 

Plate
tectonics powered by crustal spreading broadly generates two types of forces: compression as plates are moved together and extension
as those forces relax. Compression was the dominant geologic force affecting the western United States beginning about 200 million years
ago as the Pacific Ocean plate moved eastward under the North American continental plate. Those forces compressed the overlying pile
of sedimentary rocks accumulated over hundreds of millions of years into a thick stack reaching up to elevations of 14,000 feet, similar
to the altiplano of Mexico and South America which formed at the same time from similar forces. That highland plateau stretched west
 east from the Sierra Nevada Mountains in California to the Wasatch Range in Utah. 

Extension
became the dominant force beginning in the Eocene - Oligocene epochs approximately 55 to 25 million years ago. Also, the relative movement
of the tectonic plates changed about 30 million years ago with the movement becoming more oblique to the continent. This relaxed the
compressional forces and also tended to tear the crust apart, creating diagonal extensions. 

The
resulting compressional and extensional tectonics have created throughout Nevada a classical Basin and Range province consisting of narrow,
N- to NE-trending, fault block mountain chains separated by flat linear valleys. This geological pattern is repeated across the State
and has created a number of currently arid, trapped or closed basins with respect to drainage that have the potential of
containing lithium brine deposits. 

Geology
of Lithium Brines 

Lithium
brine deposits are accumulations of saline groundwater that are enriched in dissolved lithium. All producing lithium brine deposits share
a number of first-order characteristics: 

(1) 
 arid
 climate; 

(2) 
 closed
 basin containing a salt flat (also known as a Playa or Salar); 

(3) 
 tectonically
 driven subsidence; 

(4) 
 associated
 igneous or geothermal activity; 

(5) 
 suitable
 lithium source-rocks; 

(6) 
 one
 or more adequate aquifers; and 

(7) 
 sufficient
 time to concentrate a brine. 

The
single most important factor determining if a nonmarine basin can accumulate lithium brine is whether or not the basin is closed. 

Lithium
enriched brines are formed by complex processes that include evaporation, re-mobilization, salt and lithium clay dissolution and precipitation.
In essence, lithium is liberated through weathering or derived from hydrothermal fluids from a variety of rock sources within a closed
basin where lithium, a lightweight element, cannot escape. 

Lithium
is highly soluble and, unlike sodium (Na), potassium (K), or calcium (Ca), does not readily produce evaporite minerals when concentrated
by evaporation. Instead, it ends up in residual brines in the shallow subsurface. Economic brines have Li concentrations in the range
of 200 to 4,000 milligrams per liter (mg/l). 1 mg/l = 1 ppm. 

Clayton
Valley contains the only currently producing lithium brine project in Nevada. Production has been on-going since 1967. The production
at Clayton Valley is located approximately 120 miles west of Railroad Valley. Evidence from Clayton Valley suggests that felsic vitric
tuffs are a particularly favorable primary source of lithium as well, uplifted Neogene Lake beds from earlier in the basin s history,
which have been altered to hectorite, may provide a source of lithium. 

13 

Geology
of Railroad Valley 

Railroad
Valley has produced about 44 million barrels of oil (MMBO) from nine petroleum fields and has been extensively studied to determine relations
between structure and oil production. Several interpretations of basin configuration have evolved, based on improved seismic acquisition
and processing and better understanding of deformation styles and kinetics. 

Oil
was first discovered at Railroad Valley by Shell Oil in 1954. Their first discovery well reached a depth of 10,360 feet and it was determined
that there were commercial oil reserves at intervals between 6,450 and 6,730 feet. The valley area is essentially wedge shaped with the
wedge increasing in thickness from west to east. A low-angle attenuation fault has been reported to underlie Railroad Valley which has
been interpreted to be a result of asymmetric arching rather than a series of down-to-the-west high-angle normal faults. 

The
stratigraphy of the valley is known to contain Paleozoic platform carbonate rocks, Tertiary volcanic rocks, and Tertiary lacustrine sediments.
In comparison to Clayton Valley, Railroad Valley has a large endowment of Neogene volcanic flows and tophaceous rocks. 

Oil
exploration has reported several laterally continuous thick lithium brine horizons throughout Railroad Valley. Testing for lithium from
the brines was not conducted by the oil industry. Good reservoir rocks for oil may not represent good reservoir hosts for lithium. The
underlying brine-waters of the Railroad Valley were at one time examined as a potential reservoir for Las Vegas. 

Volcanic
rocks form a large part of the Neogene rock sequence: ash-flow tuffs and basalt flows from major calderas in eastern and central Nevada.
Thickness of the volcanic section can vary greatly because of Neogene erosion and faulting. The thickness of ash flow tuffs in Railroad
Valley can range from less than 1,000 ft to more than 3,000 ft. These rocks have shown good porosity and may represent an enormous source
for lithium. 

Tertiary
lacustrine formations consist of varying proportions of fresh-water carbonate, shale, sandstone, and volcanic debris. To date, oil production
from Tertiary lacustrine reservoirs is limited, but there is production from the Sheep Pass Formation in the Eagle Springs field, and
formerly there was production from Currant field; both in Railroad Valley. 

The
northern Playa area of Railroad Valley contained a large lake during the Pleistocene Epoch, more than 7,000 years ago. The lake has subsequently
evaporated within the valley; however, at one point it reportedly covered an area of over 525 square miles and attained a maximum depth
of 315 feet. The large Railroad Valley north playa today is partly covered by young erosional alluvium. 

Mineral
Resources and Mineral Reserves 

The
Railroad Valley has demonstrated enrichment in lithium in the nearby dry sediments as evidenced from the NURE sample database from the
U.S. Geological Survey. However, the project is at an exploration stage. There are no current lithium brine mineral resources or reserves
on the property. 

Exploration
and Development 

Exploration
and Development would consist of direct sampling and analysis of lithium both laterally and vertically across the project area from both
volcanic horizons and underground brines contained within the Playa. Drilling and mobilization represent the largest costs of the program.
Every effort would be made to minimize costs and maximize the sampling of brine from either re-entry and perforation of shut-in 
oil wells or testing of current water wells in the project area. 

Future
Exploration and Development 

The
Company believes there is value in their WNB claims and will continue to evaluate those claims. However, resources are limited, and the
Company s primary focus is on the development of its battery recycling facility in Fernley, NV. 

14 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

In
January 2018, the Company filed a complaint in Nevada seeking the return or cancellation of 16 million common shares which the Company
believes were fraudulently issued as well as claims against the former CEO of the Company, Craig Alford. As a result, the Company entered
into agreements to cancel eleven million shares (of which ten million shares have already been cancelled). The remaining five million
shares were cancelled and reissued after the Company determined that the recipients provided proper consideration for such shares. Alford
has filed a counterclaim against the Company for amounts allegedly owed to him that the Company believes is entirely without merit. The
litigation continues against Alford and certain other relief defendants but has been delayed due to Covid -19 restrictions. 

On
April 6, 2021, Alford served a complaint against the Company and its transfer agent, Action Stock Transfer, for failure to remove a restricted
legend from 4,000,000 common shares held in Alford s name and alleged damages to Alford for such failure. The complaint was filed
in Utah state court. The Company responded with a motion to stay the proceedings until after the Nevada proceedings are completed. The
motion was granted by the court to stay the proceedings until October 1, 2021. On September 15, 2021, the Company filed a motion
to extend the stay in light of the continuance of the trial date of the November proceeding. The parties are in
the process of negotiating a stipulation to extend the stay. 

Other
than the preceding, to the best of our knowledge, we are not currently a party to any legal proceedings that, individually or in the
aggregate, are deemed to be material to our financial condition or results of operations. 

We
are required by Section 78.090 of the Nevada Revised Statutes (the NRS to maintain a registered agent in the State of
Nevada. Our registered agent for this purpose is United Corporate Services, Inc., 2520 St Rose Pkwy Suite 319, Henderson, NV 89074. All
legal process and any demand or notice authorized by law to be served upon us may be served upon our registered agent in the State of
Nevada in the manner provided in NRS 14.020(2). 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

15 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 

Market
Information 

Our
shares of common stock are eligible for quotation on OTCQB operated by the OTC Markets
Group under the symbol ABML. 

On
October 7, 2021, the closing price of our Common Stock as reported by the OTC Markets Group was 1.49 per share. 

Holders 

As
of October 7, 2021, we have approximately 131 shareholders of record, including our directors and officers. One such holder is Cede 
Co., a nominee for Depository Trust Company, or DTC. Shares of common stock that are held by financial institutions as nominees for beneficial
owners are deposited into participant accounts at DTC and are considered to be held of record by Cede Co. as one stockholder. 

Dividends 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future
earnings to support our operations and finance the growth and development of our business. We do not intend to pay cash dividends on
our common stock for the foreseeable future. Any future determination related to dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our
Board of Directors. The Nevada Revised Statutes, however, prohibits us from declaring dividends where, after giving effect to the distribution
of the dividend: 

we
 would not be able to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of business; or 

our
 total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities plus the amount that would
 be needed to satisfy the rights of stockholders who have preferential rights superior to
 those receiving the distribution, unless otherwise permitted under our Articles of Incorporation. 

Stock
Options, Warrants and Rights 

As
of June 30, 2021, ABMC has 44,482,000 potentially issuable shares of common stock from share purchase warrants and convertible
preferred stock, including: 

16,616,000 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of 207,700 shares of Series C Preferred Stock issued and outstanding; 

1,616,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants with an exercise price of 0.25 per share; 

25,500,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants with an exercise price of 0.075 per share; and 

500,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants with an exercise price of 0.15 per share. 

16 

Penny
Stock 

Our
common stock is subject to the provisions of Section 15(g) of the Exchange Act and Rule 15g-9 thereunder, commonly referred to as the
 penny stock rule . Section 15(g) sets forth certain requirements for transactions in penny stock, and Rule 15g-9(d) incorporates
the definition of penny stock that is found in Rule 3a51-1 of the Exchange Act. The SEC generally defines a penny stock
to be any equity security that has a market price less than US 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. We are subject to the SEC s
penny stock rules. Since our common stock is deemed to be penny stock, trading in the shares of our common stock is subject to additional
sales practice requirements on broker dealers who sell penny stock to persons other than established customers and accredited investors.
 Accredited investors are generally persons with assets in excess of US 1,000,000 or annual income exceeding US 200,000
or US 300,000 together with their spouse. For transactions covered by these rules, broker dealers must make a special suitability determination
for the purchase of securities and must have the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to the purchase. Additionally,
for any transaction involving penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require the delivery, prior to the first transaction, of a risk disclosure
document prepared by the SEC relating to the penny stock market. A broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to both the
broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities. Finally, monthly statements must be sent disclosing
recent price information for penny stocks held in an account and information to the limited market in penny stocks. Consequently, these
rules may restrict the ability of broker-dealer to trade and/or maintain a market in our common stock and may affect the ability of our
stockholders to sell their shares. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

As
of June 30, 2021, the Company had 60,000,000 shares of common stock authorized to issue under its Employee Retention Plan and none issued. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On
May 18, 2021, the Company issued 349,999 common shares with a fair value of 528,298 for consulting services. 

On
June 9, 2021, the Company issued 16,590 common shares with a fair value of 36,000 for consulting services. 

On
June 30, 2021, the Company issued 518,205 common shares with a fair value of 1,046,500 for consulting services, which included
18,205 common shares with a fair value of 37,502 to directors of the Company for directors fees. 

From
April 1, 2021 to June 30, 2021, the Company issued 10,622,997 common shares pursuant to the cashless exercise of share purchase warrants
and 3,950,000 common shares pursuant to the exercise of share purchase warrants for total proceeds of 331,250. From April 1, 2021 to
June 30, 2021, the Company issued 2,600,000 common shares pursuant to the conversion of 32,500 shares of Series C Preferred Stock. 

The
foregoing securities were issued under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D under
the Securities Act. In the case of the promissory notes, each investor represented that it was an accredited investor, as defined in
Rule 501 of Regulation D, and that it was acquiring the securities for its own account, not as nominee or agent, and not with a view
to the resale or distribution of any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act. Any proceeds issued from the above issuances were
used for working capital purposes of the Company. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

We
did not purchase any shares of our common stock or other securities during the period ended June 30, 2021. 

ITEM
6. Selected Financial Data 

Not
required. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

You
should read the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the consolidated financial
statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in the Form 10-K. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that
reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements.
Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

17 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

Working
Capital 

June
 30, 2021 
 June
 30, 2020 

Current Assets 
 14,135,718 
 1,067,258 
 
 Current Liabilities 
 1,822,498 
 5,795,170 
 
 Working Capital (Deficit) 
 12,313,220 
 (4,727,912 

Cash
Flows 

Twelve
 months ended 
 June 30, 2021 
 Nine
 months ended
 
 June 30, 2020 

Cash Flows used in Operating
 Activities 
 (7,756,438 
 (3,018,519 
 
 Cash Flows used in Investing Activities 
 (7,083,247 
 (3,896 
 
 Cash Flows provided by Financing Activities 
 26,853,263 
 3,844,968 
 
 Net Increase in Cash During the Period 
 12,013,578 
 822,553 

Operating
Revenues 

During
the twelve months ended June 30, 2021 and nine months ended June 30, 2020, the Company did not earn any revenues. The Company is currently
still in its development stage. 

Operating
Expenses and Net Loss 

During
the twelve months ended June 30, 2021, the Company incurred operating expenses of 37,724,330 compared to operating expenses of 4,387,169
during the nine months ended June 30, 2020. The increase in operating expenses was due to an increase in our overall operations during
the fiscal year of 2021, highlighted by purchases of various properties and water rights in preparation for the commencement
of construction of our lithium-ion battery recycling pilot plant. Our biggest expenditures for the twelve months ended June 30, 2021
were related to labor costs, including consulting fees of 24,133,707 and management fees of 5,017,231 of which the majority of those
costs related to share-based compensation. We also saw an increase in payroll expense from 1,346,994 in fiscal year of 2020 to
that of 3,409,866 in fiscal year of 2021 due to an increase in the number of staff in our office relating to the
growth of our operations. We currently are expecting that we will require more staffing as we continue to grow our business. We
also saw an increase in professional fees from 372,186 during the nine months ended June 30, 2020 to 1,239,351 during the twelve months
ended June 30, 2021 due to additional legal fees for due diligence and general legal services related to our acquisitions of various
land properties and water rights throughout the fiscal year of 2021 as well as an increase in accounting and audit fees
related to the increased time and costs incurred in connection therewith. 

We
incurred a net loss attributable to stockholders of 41,864,705 during the twelve months ended June 30, 2021 or a loss of 0.08 per share
compared to a net loss attributable to stockholders of 13,318,408 or a loss of 0.05 per share during the nine months ended June 30,
2020. In addition to operating expenses, we incurred finance costs of 422,768, a loss of 19,655,296 relating to the change in the fair
value of derivative liabilities during the twelve-month period ended June 30, 2021 as well as 2,915,025 of accretion and
interest costs which was offset by a gain on settlement of convertible debt of 18,683,279 from the activity relating to the servicing
and settlement of our convertible debentures during that year. During the nine months ended June 30, 2020, we incurred a loss
on the change in fair value of derivative liability of 5,863,127 and accretion and interest expense of 4,391,184, which was offset
by a gain on settlement of debt of 1,319,326. The increase in other expense during the current year was due to an increase in the number
and dollar value of convertible debentures in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 compared to that of the prior
year and also due to an increase in the activity of convertible debentures as we focused more of our financing activities to raising
equity from the issuance of common shares that were buoyed by an appreciation in the market price of our common stock. As we were able
to raise funds from the issuance of equity instruments, we used part of the proceeds from the offerings of our common
stock to pay down and settle our outstanding convertible debentures that carried discounts to the market price of the Company s
common shares upon conversion as well as high interest rates indicative of the borrowing costs of a development stage company. Moving
forward, we believe that the Company is in a much stronger financial position than the fiscal year of 2020 due to
a higher cash base and working capital, which will be a key factor as the Company continues its strategic objectives of graduation
from the development stage to construction of our battery recycling pilot plant and eventually of production and revenue-earning
activities. 

18 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Cash
and Assets 

As
of June 30, 2021, the Company had cash of 12,843,502 and total assets of 21,263,103 compared to cash of 829,924 and total assets
of 1,161,314 at June 30, 2020. The increase in cash was due to proceeds received from the sales of our shares of common stock
and exercise of share purchase warrants which was offset by an increase in the amount of cash used for our day-to-day operating expenditures
as we continue to grow our business. We also continued to build out our core asset base through the strategic acquisitions of various
land properties in Nevada and various water rights which will be used in our future production process and will be more cost effective
and efficient than sourcing our expected water use through third parties. 

Liabilities

Our
liabilities decreased from 6,101,818 at June 30, 2020 to 1,822,498 at June 30, 2021 primarily due to paying down and
settling our outstanding convertible debentures during the year of 2021, which carried high interest rates and a significant discount
to the market price of our common shares which could cause dilution for our existing shareholders. As of June 30, 2021, we no
longer have any outstanding convertible debentures issued and outstanding or derivative liability with respect to conversion
features that are held by note holders. This was in comparison to outstanding face value of convertible debentures of 2,211,200,
of which 2,084,051 was unamortized discount, and the fair value of derivative liability of 4,519,654 (the fair value of the
conversion features within the convertible debentures) held by our convertible note holders at June 30, 2020. As of June 30, 2021, the
majority of our liabilities was comprised of accounts payable and accrued liabilities in the aggregate amount of 1,616,852 compared
to that of 514,838 at June 30, 2020 and the increase in the amount of 1,102,014 reflected an increase in the Company s
day-to-day operating costs. Most of our trade accounts payable and accrued liabilities are expected to be settled over the next 12
months. 

Working
Capital and Capital Transactions 

As
at June 30, 2021, we have a working capital of 12,313,220 compared to a working capital deficit of 4,727,912 as at June 30,
2020. The strengthening of our working capital was due to our ability to raise significant funding through the issuance of equity instruments
which were used to repay our debt financing and continue to fund our growth and strategic objectives as we move closer to construction
of our battery recycling pilot plant and, eventually, to production activity. 

We
have 573,267,632 common shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2021 compared to 365,191,213 common shares issued and outstanding at
June 30, 2020. During the twelve months ended June 30, 2021, we issued 69,715,910 common shares from registered and unregistered sales
of our common shares, 57,670,677 common shares from the exercise of outstanding share purchase warrants, 34,534,830 common
shares as payments for services, including share-based compensation to certain officers and directors of the Company,
22,685,750 common shares for the settlement of convertible debentures, 16,750,000 common shares for share purchase agreements,
5,900,000 common shares for the conversion from certain issued Series C preferred shares, and 69,252 common shares for deposit
on real property. 

Cash
flows from Operating Activities 

During
the twelve months ended June 30, 2021, we used 7,756,438 for operating activities compared to use of 3,018,519 for operating activities
during the nine months ended June 30, 2020. The increase in cash used for our operating activities is due to an overall increase in our
day-to-day operations. 

Cash
flows from Investing Activities 

During
the twelve months ended June 30, 2021, we used 7,083,247 of cash for investing activities including 5,440,087 for the acquisition of
land and building properties, and 1,643,160 for acquisition of water rights. During the nine months ended June 30, 2020, we used 3,896
of cash for acquisition of properties and equipment. 

19 

Cash
flows from Financing Activities 

During
the year ended June 30, 2021, we received 26,853,263 of cash from financing activities, which included 25,931,451 from
the issuance of common shares from private placements, net of issuance costs of 1,300,000, 1,395,000 from the issuance of convertible
debentures, 862,500 from the exercise of share purchase warrants, and was offset by the repayment of convertible debentures in the
aggregate amount of 1,295,202. During the nine months ended June 30, 2020, we received 2,600,000 from the issuance of common shares,
 2,522,250 of proceeds from issuance of convertible debentures less repayments of 1,533,274, and proceeds of 255,992 from government
loans. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

During
the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company has incurred a net loss of 41,760,064 and used cash of 7,756,438 for operating activities.
As of June 30, 2021, the Company has an accumulated deficit of 105,073,651. 

On
September 27, 2021, the Company secured approximately 36,925,000 net proceeds to construct and commission the pilot plant, fund operations,
and increase research and development activities. The Company believes its recent capital raise, and its current cash holdings will be
sufficient to meet its future working capital needs. The Company cannot give assurance that it can increase its cash balances or limit
its cash consumption and thus maintain sufficient cash balances for its planned operations. The Company may need to raise additional
capital in the future. However, the Company cannot assure that it will be able to raise additional capital on acceptable terms, or at
all. Subject to the foregoing, management believes that the Company has sufficient capital and liquidity to fund its operations for at
least one year from the date of issuance of the accompanying financial statements. 

These
audited consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts
and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of June 30, 2021, we had no significant off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues
or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to stockholders. 

Future
Financings 

We
will continue to rely on equity sales of our common shares to continue to fund our business operations. Issuances of additional shares
will result in dilution to existing stockholders. There is no assurance that we will achieve any additional sales of the equity securities
or arrange for debt or other financing to fund planned acquisitions and exploration activities. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Our
consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting
principles applied on a consistent basis. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
the reporting periods. 

We
regularly evaluate the accounting policies and estimates that we use to prepare our consolidated financial statements. A complete summary
of these policies is included in the notes to our financial statements. In general, management s estimates are based on historical
experience, on information from third party professionals, and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under
the facts and circumstances. Actual results could differ from those estimates made by management. 

20 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and
Hedging - Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40), which simplifies the accounting for convertible instruments. The
guidance removes certain accounting models that separate the embedded conversion features from the host contract for convertible instruments,
requiring bifurcation only if the convertible debt feature qualifies as a derivative under ASC 815 or for convertible debt issued at
a substantial premium. The ASU removes certain settlement conditions required for equity contracts to qualify for the derivative scope
exception, permitting more contracts to qualify for it. The ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2021, including interim reporting periods within those annual periods, with early adoption permitted no earlier than the fiscal year
beginning after December 15, 2020. 

The
Company has not yet adopted the new pronouncement as of June 30, 2021. 

Item
7a. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not
Applicable. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

21 

AMERICAN
BATTERY METALS CORPORATION 

Consolidated
Financial Statements 

For
the twelve months ended June 30, 2021 and the nine months ended June 30, 2020 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Marcum LLP 
 F-1 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-7 
 
 Notes
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

22 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

American
Battery Metals Corporation 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of American Battery Metals Corporation (the Company as of June
30, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit) and cash flows for the year
ended June 30, 2021 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2021, and the results of its
operations and its cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Marcum
LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

Costa Mesa,
CA 

 October
13, 2021 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
The Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 American
Battery Metals Corporation 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of American Battery Metals Corporation (the Company as of June
30, 2020 and September 30, 2019, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for
the nine months ended June 30, 2020 and the twelve months ended September 30, 2019 (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial
statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
the Company as of June 30, 2020 and September 30, 2019, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the periods then ended,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Consideration
of the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has not generated sufficient cash flows from operations to fund its business
operations. This factor, among others, raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to this matter are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2016. 

Farmington,
Utah 

 September
28, 2020 

F- 2 

AMERICAN
BATTERY METALS CORPORATION 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

June
 30, 2021 
 June
 30, 2020 
 
 ASSETS 

Current
 assets 

Cash 
 12,843,502 
 829,924 
 
 Prepaid
 expenses 
 1,292,216 
 237,334 

Total
 current assets 
 14,135,718 
 1,067,258 

Investment
 in joint venture 
 
 35,250 
 
 Property
 and equipment (Note 3) 
 5,484,225 
 58,806 
 
 Intangible
 assets (Note 4) 
 1,643,160 

Total
 assets 
 21,263,103 
 1,161,314 

LIABILITIES 

Current
 liabilities 

Accounts
 payable and accrued liabilities 
 1,616,852 
 514,838 
 
 Due
 to related parties (Note 5) 
 205,646 
 624,949 
 
 Derivative
 liability (Note 7) 
 
 4,519,654 
 
 Notes
 payable, net of unamortized discount of nil and 2,084,051, respectively (Note 8) 
 
 127,149 
 
 Current
 portion of loans payable (Note 8) 
 
 8,580 

Total
 current liabilities 
 1,822,498 
 5,795,170 

Loans
 payable (Note 8) 
 
 306,648 
 
 Total
 liabilities 
 1,822,498 
 6,101,818 

Contingencies
 (Note 13) 

STOCKHOLDERS 
 EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Series
 A Preferred Stock Authorized: 500,000 preferred shares, par value of 0.001 per share Issued and outstanding: 500,000 and
 300,000 preferred shares, at June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 500 
 300 

Series
 B Preferred Stock Authorized: 2,000,000 preferred shares, par value of 10.00 per share Issued and outstanding: nil
 shares. 

Series
 C Preferred Stock Authorized: 1,000,000 preferred shares, par value of 10.00 per share Issued and outstanding: 207,700 and
 nil preferred shares, at June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 2,077,000 

Common
 Stock Authorized: 1,200,000,000 common shares, par value of 0.001 per share 

Issued
 and outstanding: 573,267,632 and 365,191,213 common shares at June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 573,268 
 365,191 

Additional
 paid-in capital 
 121,615,738 
 55,452,951 
 
 Common
 stock issuable 
 247,750 
 2,450,000 
 
 Deficit 
 (105,073,651 
 (63,208,946 

Total
 stockholders equity (deficit) 
 19,440,605 
 (4,940,504 

Total
 liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit) 
 21,263,103 
 1,161,314 

(The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements) 

F- 3 

AMERICAN
BATTERY METALS CORPORATION 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

Twelve
 months ended June 30, 2021 
 Nine
 months ended June 30, 2020 

Operating expenses 

Exploration
 costs 
 117,058 
 292,656 
 
 General and administrative 
 37,572,022 
 4,094,513 
 
 Impairment
 of joint venture (Note 6) 
 35,250 

Total operating expenses 
 37,724,330 
 4,387,169 

Net loss before other
 income (expense) 
 (37,724,330 
 (4,387,169 

Other income (expense) 

Accretion and interest
 expense 
 (2,915,025 
 (4,391,184 
 
 Finance costs 
 (422,768 

Change in fair value of
 derivative liability (Note 7) 
 (19,655,296 
 (5,863,127 
 
 Gain on forgiveness of
 debt 
 255,992 

Gain on settlement of debt
 (Note 9) 
 18,683,279 
 1,319,326 
 
 Other
 income 
 18,084 
 3,746 

Total other income (expense) 
 (4,035,734 
 (8,931,239 
 
 Net loss 
 (41,760,064 
 (13,318,408 
 
 Accrued dividends 
 (104,641 

Net Loss Attributable
 to Common Stockholders 
 (41,864,705 
 (13,318,408 
 
 Net loss per share,
 basic and diluted 
 (0.08 
 (0.05 
 
 Weighted average shares outstanding 
 498,296,667 
 254,938,086 

(The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements) 

F- 4 

AMERICAN
BATTERY METALS CORPORATION 

 Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Series
 A Preferred Shares 
 Series
 C 
 Preferred Shares 
 Common
 Shares 
 Additional 
 Common

Number 
 Amount
 
 Number 
 Amount
 
 Number 
 Amount
 
 Paid-In
 Capital 
 stock 
 issuable
 
 Deficit
 
 Total

Balance, June 30, 2020 
 300,000 
 300 

365,191,213 
 365,191 
 55,452,951 
 2,450,000 
 (63,208,946 
 (4,940,504 

Shares issued for services 
 200,000 
 200 

34,534,830 
 34,535 
 29,090,231 
 229,000 
 
 29,353,966 

Shares issued for exercise of warrants 

57,670,677 
 57,671 
 804,829 

862,500 

Shares issued from private
 placement, net of issuance costs 

241,450 
 2,414,500 
 69,715,910 
 69,716 
 14,873,784 
 (2,450,000 
 
 14,908,000 

Shares issued pursuant to
 note conversion 

40,000 
 400,000 
 22,685,750 
 22,686 
 7,890,707 

8,313,393 

Shares issued pursuant to
 Series C preferred shares conversion 

(73,750 
 (737,500 
 5,900,000 
 5,900 
 731,600 

Shares issued pursuant to
 share purchase agreement 

16,750,000 
 16,750 
 11,006,701 

11,023,451 

Shares issued as a commitment
 fee 

750,000 
 750 
 1,138,500 

1,139,250 

Shares issued pursuant to
 property purchase agreement 

69,252 
 69 
 271,711 

271,780 

Share subscriptions received 

18,750 
 
 18,750 

Beneficial conversion feature
 on convertible debts 

271,000 

271,000 

Share purchase warrants issued 

83,724 

83,724 

Net loss for the period 

(41,760,064 
 (41,760,064 

Accrued
 dividends 

(104,641 
 (104,641 

Balance, June 30, 2021 
 500,000 
 500 
 207,700 
 2,077,000 
 573,267,632 
 573,268 
 121,615,738 
 247,750 
 (105,073,651 
 19,440,605 

(The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

AMERICAN
BATTERY METALS CORPORATION 

 Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Series A Preferred Shares 
 Common
 Shares 
 Additional
 
 Share 

Number 
 Amount
 
 Number 
 Amount 
 Paid-In
 Capital 
 
 Subscriptions 
 Received 
 Deficit 
 
 Total 

Balance, September 30, 2019 

132,678,133 
 132,678 
 44,970,398 
 
 (49,890,538 
 (4,787,462 

Shares issued for services 

24,111,031 
 24,111 
 1,048,267 

1,072,378 

Shares issued for exercise of warrants 

9,924,304 
 9,924 
 (9,924 

Shares issued from private
 placement 

3,750,000 
 3,750 
 146,250 

150,000 

Shares issued pursuant to
 note conversion 

193,014,921 
 193,015 
 9,120,896 

9,313,911 

Share subscriptions received 

2,450,000 
 
 2,450,000 

Warrant cancellations 

1,712,824 
 1,713 
 (1,713 

Fair value of share purchase warrants 

179,077 

179,077 

Issuance of preferred shares 
 300,000 
 300 

(300 

Net
 loss for the period 

(13,318,408 
 (13,318,408 

Balance, June 30, 2020 
 300,000 
 300 
 365,191,213 
 365,191 
 55,452,951 
 2,450,000 
 (63,208,946 
 (4,940,504 

(The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements) 

F- 6 

AMERICAN
BATTERY METALS CORPORATION 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

Twelve
 months ended June 30, 2021 
 Nine
 months ended June 30, 2020 

Operating Activities 

Net loss attributable to common
 stockholders 
 (41,864,705 
 (13,318,408 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash
 used in operating activities: 

Accretion expense 
 2,814,775 
 3,971,342 
 
 Change in fair value of
 derivative liability 
 19,655,296 
 5,863,127 
 
 Depreciation expense 
 14,668 

Discount on convertible
 notes payable 
 51,000 
 396,893 
 
 Fair value of share purchase warrants issued 
 83,724 
 179,077 
 
 Gain on settlement of debt 
 (18,683,279 
 (1,319,326 
 
 Gain on forgiveness of
 debt 
 (255,992 

Impairment of joint venture 
 35,250 

Shares issued for commitment
 fee 
 1,139,250 

Shares issued for services 
 29,353,966 
 1,072,378 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 
 (783,102 
 (182,935 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued
 liabilities 
 1,102,014 
 152,653 
 
 Due
 to related parties 
 (419,303 
 166,680 

Net Cash Used In Operating
 Activities 
 (7,756,438 
 (3,018,519 

Investing Activities 

Acquisition of property
 and equipment 
 (5,440,087 
 (3,896 
 
 Purchase
 of water rights/intangible assets 
 (1,643,160 

Net Cash Used In Investing
 Activities 
 (7,083,247 
 (3,896 

Financing Activities 

Proceeds from issuance
 of convertible notes payable 
 1,395,000 
 2,522,250 
 
 Proceeds from bank loan 
 
 255,992 
 
 Proceeds from exercise of share purchase
 warrants 
 862,500 

Proceeds from issuance
 of common shares, net of issuance costs 
 25,931,451 
 2,600,000 
 
 Repayment of convertible
 note payable 
 (1,295,202 
 (1,533,274 
 
 Repayment of loans payable 
 (59,236 

Share subscriptions
 received 
 18,750 

Net Cash Provided By
 Financing Activities 
 26,853,263 
 3,844,968 

Change in Cash 
 12,013,578 
 822,553 

Cash Beginning of Period 
 829,924 
 7,371 

Cash End of Period 
 12,843,502 
 829,924 

Supplemental disclosures (Note 11) 

(The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements) 

F- 7 

AMERICAN
BATTERY METALS CORPORATION 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the year ended June 30, 2021 and the nine month period from October 1, 2019 to June 30, 2020 

1. 
 Organization
 and Nature of Operations 

American
 Battery Metals Corporation (formerly Oroplata Resources Inc.) the Company was incorporated under the laws of the
 state of Nevada on October 6, 2011 for the purpose of acquiring and developing mineral properties. The Company has a wholly-owned
 subsidiary called Oroplata Exploraciones E Ingenieria SRL, which was incorporated in the Dominican Republic on January 10, 2012.
 On July 26, 2016, the Company incorporated LithiumOre Corporation (formerly Lithortech Resources Inc.), a Nevada company, as a wholly-owned
 subsidiary. On July 5, 2019, the Company incorporated ABMC AG, LLC, a Nevada company as a wholly-owned subsidiary. The Company currently
 holds mineral rights in the Western Nevada Basin of Nye County in the state of Nevada. In July 2020, management changed its year
 end date from September 30 th to June 30 th , and these consolidated financial statements reflect the twelve-month
 period ended June 30, 2021 and the nine -month period ended June 30, 2020. 

On
 March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a global pandemic. This contagious disease outbreak and any related
 adverse public health developments, has adversely affected workforces, economies, and financial markets globally, leading to an economic
 downturn. The impact on the Company is not currently determinable, but management continues to monitor the situation. 

Liquidity
 and Capital Resources 

During
 the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company has incurred a net loss of 41,760,064 and used cash of 7,756,438 for operating activities.
 As of June 30, 2021, the Company has an accumulated deficit of 105,073,651. 

On
 September 27, 2021, the Company secured approximately 36,925,000 net proceeds to
 construct and commission the pilot plant, fund operations, and increase research and development
 activities. The Company believes its recent capital raise, and its current
 cash holdings will be sufficient to meet its future working capital needs. The Company
 cannot give assurance that it can increase its cash balances or limit its cash consumption
 and thus maintain sufficient cash balances for its planned operations. The Company may need
 to raise additional capital in the future. However, the Company cannot assure
 that it will be able to raise additional capital on acceptable terms, or at all. Subject
 to the foregoing, management believes that the Company has sufficient capital and liquidity
 to fund its operations for at least one year from the date of issuance of
 the accompanying financial statements. 

These
 audited consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset
 amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

2. 
 Summary
 of Significant Accounting Policies 

(a) 
 Basis
 of Presentation 

The
 consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
 the United States US GAAP and are expressed in U.S. dollars. The Company s fiscal year end is June 30. 

These
 consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned inactive subsidiaries, Oroplata Exploraciones
 E Ingenieria SRL and LithiumOre Corporation (formerly Lithortech Resources Inc) and ABMC AG, LLC. All inter-company accounts and
 transactions have been eliminated on consolidation. 

(b) 
 Use
 of Estimates 

The
 preparation of financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
 the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company regularly evaluates estimates and assumptions
 related to the fair value of stock-based compensation, recoverability of long-lived assets, valuation of derivative liability, and
 deferred income tax asset valuation allowances. 

F- 8 

AMERICAN
BATTERY METALS CORPORATION 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the year ended June 30, 2021 and the nine month period from October 1, 2019 to June 30, 2020 

2. Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

(b) Use
 of Estimates (continued) 

The
Company bases its estimates and assumptions on current facts, historical experience and various other factors that it believes to be
reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and
liabilities and the accrual of costs and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. The actual results experienced by
the Company may differ materially and adversely from the Company s estimates. To the extent there are material differences between
the estimates and the actual results, future results of operations will be affected. 

(c) Long-Lived
 Assets 

Long-lived
assets, such as property and equipment, mineral properties, and purchased intangibles, are evaluated for impairment whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable in accordance with Accounting Standards
Codification topic 360 Property, Plant, and Equipment . Circumstances which could trigger a review include, but are not
limited to: significant decreases in the market price of the asset; significant adverse changes in the business climate or legal factors;
accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the acquisition or construction of the asset; current
period cash flow or operating losses combined with a history of losses or a forecast of continuing losses associated with the use of
the asset; and current expectation that the asset will more likely than not be sold or disposed significantly before the end of its estimated
useful life. The Company s long-lived assets consist of vehicles, equipment, and land. Vehicles and equipment are depreciated
on a straight-line basis over their estimated value lives ranging between 3 and 7 years. 

Recoverability
of assets is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated
by an asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized as the amount
by which the carrying amount exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset. The estimated fair value is determined using a discounted
cash flow analysis. Any impairment in value is recognized as an expense in the period when the impairment occurs. 

Expenditures
for major repairs and maintenance which extend the useful lives of property and equipment are capitalized. All other maintenance expenditures,
including planned major maintenance activities, are expensed as incurred. Gains or losses from property disposals are included in income
or loss from operations. 

(d) Intangible
 Assets 

Intangible
assets that have indefinite useful lives are tested annually for impairment, or more frequently if events and circumstances indicate
that the asset might be impaired. An impairment loss is recognized to the extent that the carrying amount of the asset group exceeds
its fair value. 

(e) Loss
 per Share 

The
Company computes net income (loss) per share in accordance with ASC 260, Earnings per Share. ASC 260 requires presentation of both basic
and diluted earnings per share EPS on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income
(loss) available to common shareholders (numerator) by the weighted average number of shares outstanding (denominator) during the period.
Diluted EPS gives effect to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method and convertible
preferred stock using the if-converted method. In computing diluted EPS, the average stock price for the period is used in determining
the number of shares assumed to be purchased from the exercise of stock options or warrants. Diluted EPS excludes all dilutive potential
shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. At June 30, 2021, the Company has 44,482,000 (2020 8,603,112) potentially dilutive
shares. 

F- 9 

AMERICAN
BATTERY METALS CORPORATION 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the year ended June 30, 2021 and the nine month period from October 1, 2019 to June 30, 2020 

2. Summary
 of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

(f) Financial
 Instruments 

Pursuant
to ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , an entity is required to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize
the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy based on the level of independent,
objective evidence surrounding the inputs used to measure fair value. A financial instrument s categorization within the fair value
hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. ASC 820 prioritizes the inputs into
three levels that may be used to measure fair value: 

Level
1 

Level
1 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level
2 

Level
2 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability
such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets
with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations in which significant inputs are
observable or can be derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data. 

Level
3 

Level
3 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement
of the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 

The
Company s financial instruments consist principally of cash, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, amounts due to related parties,
derivative liabilities, loans payable and notes payable. Pursuant to ASC 820, the fair value of cash is determined based on Level
1 inputs, which consist of quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. The recorded values of all other financial instruments
approximate their current fair values because of their nature and respective maturity dates or durations. 

Fair
value measurements on a recurring basis 

Level
 1 
 Level
 2 
 Level
 3 
 
 As of June 30, 2021: 

Liabilities 

Derivative
 liabilities 
 - 
 - 
 - 

As of June 30, 2020: 

Liabilities 

Derivative liabilities 
 - 
 - 
 4,519,654 

F- 10 

AMERICAN
BATTERY METALS CORPORATION 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the year ended June 30, 2021 and the nine month period from October 1, 2019 to June 30, 2020 

2. Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

(g) Income
 Taxes 

The
Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes. The asset and liability
method provides that deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences
between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, and for operating loss and tax credit carry-forward. 

Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are measured using the currently enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are
expected to reverse. The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is believed more likely
than not to be realized. 

Any
uncertain tax position liabilities have been applied against the deferred tax balance given that there is a sufficient net operating
loss to cover any penalties and fees associated with the uncertain tax position. We are confident that all uncertain tax positions will
be reversed as the correct information returns are filed with the United States Internal Revenue Service. 

We
recognize accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes in the consolidated statement
of operations. 

Due
to the Company s net loss position from inception on October 6, 2011 to June 30, 2021, there was no provision for income taxes
recorded. As a result of the Company s losses to date, there exists doubt as to the ultimate realization of the deferred tax assets.
Accordingly, a valuation allowance equal to the total deferred tax assets has been recorded at June 30, 2021 and 2020. 

(h) Stock-based
 Compensation 

The
Company records stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation using the fair value
method. All transactions in which goods or services are the consideration received for the issuance of equity instruments are accounted
for based on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instrument issued, whichever is more reliably
measurable. Equity instruments issued to employees and the cost of the services received as consideration are measured and recognized
based on the fair value of the equity instruments issued. At June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company did not grant any stock options. The
Company will utilize the Black Scholes method when calculating stock-based compensation expense relating to stock option awards and
warrants. 

(i) Mineral
 Property Costs 

Mineral
property acquisition costs are capitalized as incurred. Exploration and evaluation costs are expensed as incurred until proven and probable
reserves are established. The Company assesses the carrying costs for impairment under ASC 360, Property, Plant, and Equipment 
at each fiscal quarter end. When it has been determined that a mineral property can be economically developed as a result of establishing
proven and probable reserves, the costs then incurred to develop such property, are capitalized. Such costs will be amortized using the
units-of-production method over the estimated life of the probable reserve. If mineral properties are subsequently abandoned or impaired,
any capitalized costs will be charged to operations. 

(j) Advertising
 and Marketing Costs 

The
Company expenses advertising and marketing development costs as incurred. No advertising costs were incurred for the twelve months ended
June 30, 2021 and nine months ended June 30, 2020. 

(k) Debt
 and Embedded Derivatives 

The
Company applies the accounting standards for derivatives and hedging and for distinguishing liabilities from equity when accounting for
hybrid contracts. The Company accounts for convertible debt instruments when the Company has determined that the embedded conversion
options should not be bifurcated from their host instruments in accordance with ASC 470-20 Debt with Conversion and Other Options .
The Company uses option pricing valuation models to determine the fair value of embedded derivatives and records any change in
fair value as a component of other income or expense in the consolidated statement of operations (see Note 7). 

F- 11 

AMERICAN
BATTERY METALS CORPORATION 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the year ended June 30, 2021 and the nine month period from October 1, 2019 to June 30, 2020 

2. Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

(k) Debt
 and Embedded Derivatives (continued) 

ASC
815 provides three criteria that, if met, require companies to bifurcate conversion options from their host instruments and account for
them as free-standing derivative financial instruments. These three criteria include circumstances in which (a) the economic characteristics
and risks of the embedded derivative instrument are not clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics and risks of the
host contract, (b) the hybrid instrument that embodies both the embedded derivative instrument and the host contract is not re-measured
at fair value under otherwise applicable generally accepted accounting principles with changes in fair value reported in earnings as
they occur and (c) a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative instrument would be considered a derivative instrument.
Professional standards also provide an exception to this rule when the host instrument is deemed to be conventional. 

The
Company records, when necessary, discounts to convertible notes for the intrinsic value of conversion options embedded in debt instruments
based upon the differences between the fair value of the underlying common stock at the commitment date of the note transaction and the
effective conversion price embedded in the note. Debt discounts under these arrangements are amortized over the term of the related debt
to their earliest date of redemption. The Company also records when necessary deemed dividends for the intrinsic value of conversion
options embedded in preferred shares based upon the differences between the fair value of the underlying common stock at the commitment
date of the note transaction and the effective conversion price embedded in the note. 

ASC
815-40 provides that, among other things, generally, if an event is not within the entity s control or could require net cash settlement,
then the contract shall be classified as an asset or a liability. The Company uses the option pricing model to determine the fair market
value of the derivative liabilities for the twelve months ended June 30. 2021 and nine months ended June 30. 2020. 

(l) Debt
 Modifications and Extinguishments 

When
the Company modifies or extinguishes debt, it does so in accordance with ASC Topic 470-50-40, which requires modification to debt instruments
to be evaluated to assess whether the modifications are considered substantial modifications . A substantial modification
of terms shall be accounted for like an extinguishment. Based on the guidance relied upon and the analysis performed, if the Company
believes the embedded conversion feature has no fair value on the date of issuance (measurement date) and the embedded conversion feature
has no beneficial conversion feature, the embedded conversion feature does not meet the criteria in ASC 470-50-40-10 or 470-20-25 and
the issuance of the convertible note payable is considered a modification, and not an extinguishment that would require the recognition
of a gain or loss. If the Company determines the change in terms meet the criteria for substantial modification under ASC 470 it will
treat the modification as extinguishment and recognize a loss from debt extinguishment. 

(m) Leases 

The
Company follows the guidance of ASC 842, Leases, which requires an entity to recognize a right-of-use asset ROU and a
lease liability for virtually all leases. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the
present value of lease payments over the lease term. ROU assets represent the Company s right to use an underlying asset for the
lease term and lease liabilities represent the Company s obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. The Company
uses an implicit rate of interest to determine the present value of lease payments utilizing its incremental borrowing rate, as the implicit
rate of interest in the respective leases is not readily determinable. The Company s incremental borrowing rate is a hypothetical
rate based on its understanding of what its credit rating would be. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, operating lease ROU assets and liabilities
were immaterial. 

F- 12 

AMERICAN
BATTERY METALS CORPORATION 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the year ended June 30, 2021 and the nine month period from October 1, 2019 to June 30, 2020 

2. Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

(n) Recent
 Accounting Guidance 

New
Significant Accounting Pronouncements 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and
Hedging - Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40), which simplifies the accounting for convertible instruments. The
guidance removes certain accounting models that separate the embedded conversion features from the host contract for convertible instruments,
requiring bifurcation only if the convertible debt feature qualifies as a derivative under ASC 815 or for convertible debt issued at
a substantial premium. The ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2021, including interim reporting
periods within those annual periods, with early adoption permitted no earlier than the fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2020.
The Company is currently evaluating the timing and method of adoption and the related impact of the new guidance on the earnings per
share and on its financial statements. 

3 . Property
 and Equipment 

During
the twelve months ended June 30, 2021, the Company purchased land for 907,381 comprised of 12.44 acres and located in Fernley, Nevada.
The Company will be constructing five separate building areas on this property to create a Pilot Plant campus that includes: Production
Process Areas, Feedstock Sorting Area, Analytical Laboratory Spaces Process Development Bays, a Storage Warehouse, and general
Office Space. 

On February 3, 2021, the Company made
the final payment on vacant land located in Ely, NV, purchased for 204,000. 

On
June 28, 2021, the Company closed the acquisition of property comprised of 13.8 acres located in McCarran, Nevada for 4,229,240. 

Equipment
 
 Vehicle
 
 Land
 
 Total

Cost: 

Balance, September 30, 2019 

Additions 
 
 61,916 

Balance, June 30, 2020 
 
 61,916 
 
 61,916 
 
 Additions 
 99,466 
 
 5,340,621 
 5,440,087 

Balance, June 30, 2021 
 99,466 
 61,916 
 5,340,621 
 5,502,003 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Balance, September 30, 2019 

Additions 
 
 3,110 

Balance, June 30, 2020 
 
 3,110 
 
 3,110 
 
 Additions 
 4,356 
 10,312 
 
 14,668 

Balance, June 30, 2021 
 4,356 
 13,422 
 
 17,778 
 
 Carrying Amounts: 

Balance, June 30, 2020 
 
 58,806 
 
 58,806 
 
 Balance, June 30, 2021 
 95,110 
 48,494 
 5,340,621 
 5,484,225 

F- 13 

AMERICAN
BATTERY METALS CORPORATION 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the year ended June 30, 2021 and the nine month period from October 1, 2019 to June 30, 2020 

4. Intangible
 Assets 

During
the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company purchased 127 acres of water rights in the City of Fernley, Nevada for 1,643,160. The water
rights will be used to ensure the Company s lithium-ion battery recycling plant will have adequate water to operate at full capacity
once construction is complete. The water rights are treated in accordance with ASC 350, Intangible Assets, and have an unlimited useful
life given that there are no expiration dates on the water rights acquired by the Company. 

Water
 Rights 

Cost: 

Balance, June 30, 2020 

Additions 
 1,643,160 

Balance, June 30, 2021 
 1,643,160 

5. Related
 Party Transactions 

(a) As
 of June 30, 2021, the Company owes 120,146 (2020 - 120,146) to the former Chief Executive
 Officer and Director of the Company for advances to the Company to fund day-to-day operations.
 The amounts owing are unsecured, non-interest bearing, and due on demand. 

(b) As
 of June 30, 2021, the Company owes 85,500 (2020 - 85,500) to the former Chief Executive
 Officer and Director of the Company for advances to the Company to fund day-to-day operations
 and accrued management fees. The amounts owing are unsecured, non-interest bearing, and due
 on demand. 

(c) As
 of June 30, 2021, the Company owed nil (2020 - 388,577) to the Chief Executive Officer
 of the Company for accrued management fees. The amounts owing are unsecured, non-interest
 bearing, and due on demand. The amounts owed were paid in November 2020. 

(d) As
 of June 30, 2021, the Company owed nil (2020 30,726) to directors of the
 Company for accrued management fees. The amounts owing are unsecured, non-interest bearing,
 and due on demand. The amounts owed were paid in December 2020. 

(e) During
 the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company issued 16,590 shares to Just Business Management
 for consulting services, of which Director David Batstone was a 50 owner as of June 30,
 2021. Additionally, JB People Planet, of which Director David Batstone is a 5.161 
 owner, purchased 8,538,012 shares through a warrant exercise and purchased 125,000 Preferred
 C shares. 

6. Investment
in Joint Venture 

On
October 8, 2018, the Company entered into a joint venture agreement with CINC Industries Inc. CINC ), a Nevada company,
for a period of five years whereby the joint venture will propagate the sale of a new process for extraction of lithium salt from salt
brine solutions using CINC s existing and future processing equipment. As part of the joint venture, each of CINC and the Company
holds a 50 interest in the joint venture. CINC is responsible for completing testing on the pilot project, providing training to the
Company for use of its processing equipment, manufacturing up to 20 test units, and support and product development, as well as shared
costs on other personnel utilized in the joint venture company. The Company is responsible for the initial funding for all equipment
and associated expenses, the cost of the lease space, and marketing and sales of the joint venture agreement. The joint venture is committed
to acquiring a minimum amount of processing equipment, goods, accessories, and/or materials totaling: (i) 1,000,000 by October 8, 2020;
(ii) 3,000,000 by October 8, 2021; (iii) 6,000,000 by October 8, 2022; and (v) 10,000,000 by October 8, 2023. If the joint venture
fails to meet the minimum amounts above, the Company will lose the exclusive right to market, promote and sell the processing equipment
provided by CINC. As part of the joint venture agreement, the Company issued 250,000 common shares to CINC. On June 4, 2021, the Company
informed CINC that it was exercising its right to terminate the joint venture agreement and recorded a loss on extinguishment of the
agreement of 35,250. 

F- 14 

AMERICAN
BATTERY METALS CORPORATION 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the year ended June 30, 2021 and the nine month period from October 1, 2019 to June 30, 2020 

7. Derivative
 Liabilities 

The
Company records the fair value of the conversion price of the convertible debentures as disclosed in Note 2 in accordance with
ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging. The fair value of the derivatives was calculated using a multi-nominal lattice model. The fair value
of the derivative liabilities is revalued on each balance sheet date with corresponding gains and losses recorded in the consolidated
statement of operations. For the twelve months ended June 30, 2021, the Company recorded a loss on the change in the fair value of derivative
liability of 19,655,296 (nine months ended June 30, 2020 - 5,863,127). 

As
at June 30, 2021, the Company recorded a derivative liability of nil (2020 - 4,519,654). The following inputs and assumptions were
used to value the derivative liabilities outstanding during the periods ended June 30, 2021 and 2020: 

June
 30, 2021 
 June
 30, 2020 
 
 Expected volatility 
 136-286 
 158-240 
 
 Risk free rate 
 0.04-0.16 
 0.16 
 
 Expected life (in years) 
 0.2-1.0 
 0.5-1.0 

A
summary of the activity of the derivative liability is shown below: 

Balance, September 30, 2019 
 3,437,200 
 
 Derivative additions associated with convertible
 notes 
 2,591,119 
 
 Adjustment for conversion/prepayment 
 (7,371,792 
 
 Mark to market adjustment 
 5,863,127 

Balance, June 30, 2020 
 4,519,654 

Derivative additions associated with convertible
 notes 
 403,378 
 
 Adjustment for conversion/prepayment 
 (24,578,328 
 
 Mark to market adjustment 
 19,655,296 

Balance, June 30, 2021 

8. Loans
Payable 

On
January 27, 2020, the Company entered into a finance loan agreement relating to the acquisition of a company vehicle. Under the terms
of the finance loan, the Company will make monthly installment payments of 1,089 at a finance loan interest rate of 7.99 per annum,
which is due in February 2026. The loan was paid off prior to maturity in January 2020. As of June 30, 2021, the Company carried a balance
of nil (2020 - 59,236) on the loan. 

On
May 7, 2020, the Company received 255,992 from the U.S. Small Business Administration as part of the Paycheck Protection Program. The
amounts are unsecured, bears interest at 1 per annum commencing on November 7, 2020, and is due on May 7, 2022. In June 2021, the U.S.
Small Business Administration forgave the balance owing of 255,992. 

F- 15 

AMERICAN
BATTERY METALS CORPORATION 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the year ended June 30, 2021 and the nine month period from October 1, 2019 to June 30, 2020 

June
 30, 2021 
 June
 30, 2020 

Eagle Equities, LLC, 147,250 on
 January 31, 2020, unsecured, bears interest at 10 per annum, due on January 31, 2021, convertible into common stock at 60 of the
 lowest trading price in the ten trading days prior to conversion, unamortized discount of 137,038 (2020) 
 
 10,212 

GS Capital Partners, LLC, 147,250 on January
 31, 2020, unsecured, bears interest at 10 per annum, due on January 31, 2021, convertible into common stock at 40 of the lowest
 trading price in the twenty trading days prior to conversion, unamortized discount of 134,584 (2020) 
 
 12,666 

GS Capital Partners, LLC, 177,200 on February
 7, 2020, unsecured, bears interest at 10 per annum which increases to 22 per annum on default, due on February 7, 2021, convertible
 into common stock at 60 of the lowest trading price in the twenty trading days prior to conversion, unamortized discount of 165,770
 (2020) 
 
 11,430 

Power Up Lending Group Ltd., 83,000 on February
 14, 2020, unsecured, bears interest at 10 per annum, due on December 1, 2021, convertible into common stock at 61 of the lowest
 trading price in the ten trading days prior to conversion, unamortized discount of 76,662 (2020) 
 
 6,338 

Crown Bridge Partners, LLC, 75,000 on February
 14, 2020, unsecured, bears interest at 10 per annum, due on February 14, 2021, convertible into common stock at 65 of the lower
 of the lowest closing bid or the lowest trading price in the twenty trading days prior to conversion, unamortized discount of 70,577
 (2020) 
 
 4,423 

BHP Capital NY Inc., 110,000 on February 18,
 2020, unsecured, bears interest at 10 per annum, due on February 18, 2021, convertible into common stock at 61 of the lesser of:
 (i) lowest trading price during the previous twenty trading days before the issue date; or (ii) the lowest trading price during the
 twenty trading days prior to conversion, unamortized discount of 103,282 
 
 6,718 

Jefferson Street Capital, LLC, 110,000 on
 February 18, 2020, unsecured, bears interest at 10 per annum, due on February 18, 2021, convertible into common stock at 61 of
 the lesser of: (i) the lowest trading price during the previous twenty trading days before the issue date; or (ii) the lowest trading
 price during the twenty trading days prior to conversion, unamortized discount of 103,818 (2020) 
 
 6,182 

Odyssey Capital, LLC, 220,000 on February
 19, 2020, unsecured, bears interest at 10 per annum, due on February 19, 2021 convertible into common stock at 60 of the lowest
 closing bid price for the fifteen trading days prior to conversion, unamortized discount of 205,226 
 
 14,774 

GS Capital Partners, LLC, 520,000 on March
 17, 2020, unsecured, bears interest at 10 per annum, due on March 17, 2021, convertible into common stock at 63 of the lowest trading
 price in the twenty trading days prior to conversion, unamortized discount of 478,979 (2020) 
 
 41,021 

Power Up Lending Group Ltd., 78,000 on April
 6, 2020, unsecured, bears interest at 12 per annum which increases to 22 per annum on default, due on April 6, 2021, convertible
 into common stock at 61 of the lowest trading price in the ten trading days prior to conversion, unamortized discount of 75,816
 (2020) 
 
 2,184 

Adar Alef, LLC, 110,000 on April 7, 2020,
 unsecured, bears interest at 10 per annum, due April 7, 2021, convertible into common stock at 60 of the lowest closing bid price
 for the fifteen trading days prior to conversion, unamortized discount of 107,464 (2020) 
 
 2,536 

Auctus
 Fund, LLC, 150,000 on April 10, 2020, unsecured, bears interest at 10 per annum which increases to
 24 per annum on default, due on April 10, 2021, convertible into common stock at 68 of the lowest
 trading in the twenty trading days prior to conversion, unamortized discount of 146,667 (2020) 
 
 3,333 

F- 16 

AMERICAN
BATTERY METALS CORPORATION 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the year ended June 30, 2021 and the nine month period from October 1, 2019 to June 30, 2020 

June
 30, 2021 
 June
 30, 2020 
 
 Power Up Lending Group Ltd., 43,000
 on April 21, 2020, unsecured, bears interest at 10 per annum which increases to 22 per annum on default, due on April 21, 2021,
 convertible into common stock at 61 of the lowest trading price during the ten trading days prior to conversion, unamortized discount
 of 42,176 (2020) 
 
 824 

Black Ice Advisors, LLC, 115,500 on April
 22, 2020, unsecured, bears interest at 10 per annum, due on April 22, 2021, convertible into common stock at 60 of the lowest closing
 bid price for the fifteen trading days prior to conversion, unamortized discount of 113,318 (2020) 
 
 2,182 

Efrat Investments, LLC,
 125,000 on April 23, 2020, unsecured, bears interest at 10 per annum, due on April 23, 2021, convertible into common stock at 60 
 of the lowest closing bid price for the fifteen trading days prior to conversion, unamortized discount of 122,674 (2020) 
 
 2,326 

127,149 

9. Stockholder s
Equity (Deficit) 

Common
Stock 

The
Company s authorized common stock consists of 1,200,000,000 shares of common stock, with par value of 0.001. 

Series
A Preferred Stock 

On
December 17, 2020, the company issued an additional 200,000 Series A Preferred Stock shares to officers and directors of the company
for services rendered. As of June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, 500,000 and 300,000 shares authorized, respectively, issued and
outstanding. 

Each
Series A Preferred Stock carries 1,000 votes. The Series A Preferred Stock are non-transferable and there are no conversion rights. They
can be redeemed, at the Company s option, at the par value of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock of 0.001 per Series
A Preferred Stock. 

Series
B Preferred Stock 

As
of June 30, 2020 and June 30, 2021, 2,000,000 shares authorized with a par value of 10.00, no shares issued. 

Series
C Preferred Stock 

On
December 18, 2020, the Company issued 48.29 units of Series C Preferred Stock, which equates to 241,450 shares of Series C Preferred
Stock. Each unit was issued at 50,000 for aggregate proceeds of 2,414,500. Each unit is comprised of 5,000 shares of Series C Preferred
Stock and 400,000 warrants convertible to common shares of the Company at 0.075 per share of common stock, expiring December 31, 2023.
Each unit holder is entitled to receive a non-cumulative dividend at 8 per annum at the rate per share. The dividend shall be payable
at the Company s option in either cash or common shares of the Company. The preferred shares have no voting rights. No dividends
have been paid to date. 

On
December 18, 2020, the Company issued 8 units of Series C Preferred Stock (40,000 shares of Series C preferred stock) with a fair value
of 400,000 in exchange for of 381,622 of note payable and 18,378 of accrued interest. These Series C Stock units were converted to
3,200,000 shares of common stock on February 3, 2021. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company converted 73,750 shares of Series C Preferred Stock to 5,900,000 shares of common stock. 

At
June 30, 2021 the Company had 1,000,000 Series C Preferred Stock shares authorized, 207,700 shares issued and outstanding at a par value
of 2,077,000. 

F- 17 

AMERICAN
BATTERY METALS CORPORATION 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the year ended June 30, 2021 and the nine month period from October 1, 2019 to June 30, 2020 

9. Stockholder s
Equity (Deficit) (continued) 

Twelve
months ended June 30, 2021 

On
July 8, 2020, the Company issued 61,562,500 units for proceeds of 2,462,500, which was received during the year ended June 30, 2020.
Each unit is comprised of one common share of the Company and 0.8 share purchase warrant where each whole share purchase warrant can
be exercised into one common share of the Company at 0.15 per share until October 31, 2024. 

On
July 9, 2020, the Company issued 7,950,000 common shares with a fair value of 1,021,276 for consulting services. 

On
July 9, 2020, the Company issued 6,081,150 common shares with a fair value of 720,008 for the conversion of 147,250 of note payable,
 6,503 of accrued interest, 105 of fees and 614,477 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 48,327. 

On
August 18, 2020, the Company issued 2,890,000 common shares with a fair value of 280,000 for consulting services. 

On
August 26, 2020, the Company issued 2,196,822 common shares with a fair value of 193,320 for the conversion of 100,000 of note payable,
 5,342 of accrued interest, 105 of fees and 110,007 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of debt of 22,134. 

On
September 16, 2020, the Company issued 1,696,856 common shares with a fair value of 157,808 for the conversion of 77,200 of note payable,
 4,931 of accrued interest, 105 of fees and 87,842 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of debt of 12,270. 

On
September 29, 2020, the Company issued 2,400,000 common shares with a fair value of 383,000 for consulting services, including 2,000,000
common shares with a fair value of 315,000 issued to a director of the Company as management fee. 

On
September 30, 2020, the Company issued 5,178,487 common shares with a fair value of 699,096 for the conversion of 270,000 of note payable,
 13,833 of accrued interest, 105 of fees and 560,268 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 145,110. 

On
October 6, 2020, the Company issued 4,805,558 common shares with a fair value of 617,514 for the conversion of 250,000 of note payable,
 12,311 of accrued interest, 105 of fees and 491,605 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 136,507. 

On
October 20, 2020, the Company issued 1,326,098 common shares with a fair value of 197,721 for the conversion of 71,548 of note payable,
 7,396 of accrued interest and 130,683 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 11,906. 

On
November 30, 2020, the Company issued 3,000,000 common shares with a fair value of 765,000 to directors of the Company for consulting
services. 

On
December 15, 2020 the Company issued 500,000 common shares with a fair value of 105,000 for consulting services 

On
December 15, 2020, the Company issued 6,000,000 common shares pursuant to Securities Purchase Agreement dated October 8, 2020 with Tysadco
for gross proceeds of 600,000 

On
December 23, 2020, the Company issued 6,000,000 common shares pursuant to Securities Purchase Agreement dated October 8, 2020 with Tysadco
for gross proceeds of 600,000 

On
December 29, 2020, the Company issued 14,400,000 common shares with a fair value of 20,160,000 for consulting services. 

On
January 19, 2021, the Company issued 486,451 common shares with a fair value of 702,192 for legal services. 

F- 18 

AMERICAN
BATTERY METALS CORPORATION 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the year ended June 30, 2021 and the nine month period from October 1, 2019 to June 30, 2020 

9. Stockholder s
Equity (Deficit) (continued) 

Twelve
months ended June 30, 2021 (continued) 

On
February 5, 2021, the Company issued 69,252 common shares with a fair value of 271,780 pursuant to a rental agreement with a
purchase option in Nye County, Nevada. 

On
February 10, 2021, the Company issued 1,021,338 common shares with a fair value of 3,870,871 for the conversion of 520,000
of notes payable, 20,111 of accrued interest, and 18,836,067 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 17,682,556. 

On
February 10, 2021, the Company issued 379,441 common shares with a fair value of 1,457,055 for the conversion of 302,500 of
notes payable, 1,042 of accrued interest, and 598,765 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 71,996. 

On
March 5, 2021, the Company issued 2,000,000 common shares to officers and directors of the Company with a fair value of 4,060,000 for
services. 

On
March 31, 2021, the Company issued 23,585 common shares to officers and directors of the Company with a fair value of 37,500 for services. 

On
April 28, 2021, the Company issued 9,090,910 common shares at 1.65 per share in a prospectus offering for proceeds of 15,000,000. As
part of the offering, the Company incurred share issuance costs of 1,300,000 which has been applied against additional paid-in capital. 

On
May 18, 2021, the Company issued 349,999 common shares with a fair value of 528,298 for consulting services. 

On
June 9, 2021, the Company issued 16,590 common shares with a fair value of 36,000 for consulting services. 

On
June 30, 2021, the Company issued 518,205 common shares with a fair value of 1,046,500 for consulting services, which included
18,205 common shares with a fair value of 37,502 to directors of the Company for directors fees. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company issued 47,570,677 common shares pursuant to the cashless exercise of share purchase warrants
and 10,100,000 common shares pursuant to the exercise of share purchase warrants for total proceeds of 862,500. The fair value of 73,470
for the warrants exercised was transferred to common shares from additional paid-in capital. As of June 30, 2021, the Company has received
an additional 18,750 for future issuances. 

On
October 23, 2020, the Company entered into an equity-line purchase agreement with Tysadco Partners LLC, a Delaware limited company Tysadco to purchase up to 10,000,000 in Common Stock at the Company s discretion at a discount to the market price. On April 2, 2021,
the Company entered into an additional agreement with Tysadco to purchase up to another 75,000,000 in common stock, via an equity-line,
based on a discount to market price. 750,000 common shares were issued under the latter contract terms as a share commitment fee 
with a fair market value of 1,139,250, which has been applied against additional paid-in capital. Under these two share purchase agreements,
the Company issued 4,750,000 common shares for net proceeds of 9,823,451. 

As
of June 30, 2021, the Company was due to issue 128,359 common shares with a fair value of 229,000 for legal and consulting
services incurred. 

Nine
months ended June 30, 2020 

On
October 1, 2019, the Company issued 300,000 Series A preferred stock to officers and directors of the Company for no consideration. The
preferred stock has no conversion rights, not entitled to receive dividends, carries voting rights of 1,000 votes per share of preferred
stock, and is redeemable at the option of the Company at par value of 0.001 per share. 

F- 19 

AMERICAN
BATTERY METALS CORPORATION 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the year ended June 30, 2021 and the nine month period from October 1, 2019 to June 30, 2020 

9. Stockholder s
Equity (Deficit) (continued) 

Nine
months ended June 30, 2020 (continued) 

On
October 3, 2019, the Company issued 917,777 common shares with a fair value of 49,560 for the conversion of 30,000 of notes payable,
 2,225 of accrued interest, and 23,675 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of debt of 6,340. 

On
October 8, 2019, the Company issued 577,496 common shares with a fair value of 31,185 for the conversion of 15,000 of notes payable,
 500 of fees, and 17,800 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of debt of 2,115. 

On
October 10, 2019, the Company issued 2,036,114 common shares with a fair value of 97,733 for the conversion of 55,000 of notes payable,
 4,129 of accrued interest, and 47,710 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of debt of 9,106. 

On
October 15, 2019, the Company issued 465,723 common shares with a fair value of 29,341 for the conversion of 12,000 of notes payable,
 500 of fees, and 18,440 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of debt of 1,599. 

On
October 17, 2019, the Company issued 502,980 common shares with a fair value of 25,149 for the conversion of 13,000 of notes payable,
 500 of fees, and 13,747 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of debt of 2,098. 

On
October 18, 2019, the Company issued 1,113,981 common shares with a fair value of 54,028 for the conversion of 30,000 of notes payable,
 2,350 of accrued interest, and 27,088 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of debt of 5,410. 

On
October 21, 2019, the Company issued 542,526 common shares with a fair value of 29,242 for the conversion of 12,000 of notes payable,
 500 of fees, 2,061 of accrued interest, and 16,874 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of debt of 2,193. 

On
October 25, 2019, the Company issued 559,768 common shares with a fair value of 27,429 for the conversion of 14,500 of notes payable,
 500 of fees, 24 of accrued interest, and 15,781 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of debt of 3,376. 

On
October 25, 2019, the Company issued 481,557 common shares with a fair value of 23,596 for the conversion of 10,500 of notes payable,
 500 of fees, 1,925 of accrued interest and 13,570 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of debt of 2,899. 

On
October 28, 2019, the Company issued 2,996,985 common shares for the exercise of cashless warrants. 

On
October 30, 2019, the Company issued 744,949 common shares with a fair value of 36,503 for the conversion of 20,000 of notes payable,
 1,633 of accrued interest, and 19,841 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of debt of 4,972. 

On
October 31, 2019, the Company issued 500,000 common shares with a fair value of 24,500 for the conversion of 9,500 of notes payable,
 500 of fees, and 16,152 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of debt of 1,652. 

On
November 4, 2019, the Company issued 820,497 common shares with a fair value of 33,640 for the conversion of 20,000 of notes payable,
 1,661 of accrued interest and derivative liability of 17,362 resulting in a gain on settlement of debt of 5,383. 

On
November 8, 2019, the Company issued 815,396 common shares with a fair value of 35.877 for the conversion of 6,234 of notes payable,
 1,645 of accrued interest, 13,647 of finance penalties, and 19,231 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of debt
of 4,880. 

On
November 8, 2019, the Company issued 5,560,000 common shares with a fair value of 233,520 for consulting services including 1,000,000
common shares with a fair value of 42,000 to a director of the Company. 

F- 20 

AMERICAN
BATTERY METALS CORPORATION 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the year ended June 30, 2021 and the nine month period from October 1, 2019 to June 30, 2020 

9. Stockholder s
Equity (Deficit) (continued) 

Nine
months ended June 30, 2020 (continued) 

On
November 12, 2019, the Company issued 972,587 common shares with a fair value of 39,876 for the conversion of 25,000 of notes payable,
 1,653 of accrued interest, and 20,360 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of debt of 7,137. 

On
November 20, 2019, the Company issued 994,354 common shares with a fair value of 35,797 for the conversion of 20,000 of notes payable,
 1,367 of accrued interest, and 19,506 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of debt of 5,076. 10. 

On
November 20, 2019, the Company issued 1,986,954 common shares with a fair value of 71,531 for the conversion of 40,000 of notes payable,
 2,696 of accrued interest, and 37,954 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of debt of 9,119. 

On
November 21, 2019, the Company issued 850,000 common shares with a fair value of 34,000 for the conversion of 11,825 of notes payable,
 500 of fees, and 23,375 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of debt of 1,700. 

On
November 29, 2019, the Company issued 996,680 common shares with a fair value of 37,874 for the conversion of 20,000 of notes payable,
 1,417 of accrued interest, and 21,476 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of debt of 5,018. 

On
December 6, 2019, the Company issued 607,477 common shares with a fair value of 20,958 for the conversion of 13,000 of notes payable
and 11,339 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of debt of 3,381. 

On
December 9, 2019, the Company issued 746,269 common shares with a fair value of 25,224 for the conversion of 15,000 of notes payable
and 14,028 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of debt of 3,804. 

On
December 10, 2019, the Company issued 999,524 common shares with a fair value of 32,984 for the conversion of 20,000 of notes payable,
 1,478 of accrued interest, and 16,607 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of debt of 5,101. 

On
December 11, 2019, the Company issued 845,771 common shares with a fair value of 25,458 for the conversion of 17,000 of notes payable
and 13,874 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of debt of 5,416. 

On
December 12, 2019, the Company issued 700,000 common shares with a fair value of 22,820 for the conversion of 9,650 of notes payable,
 500 of fees, and 14,396 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of debt of 1,726. 

On
December 13, 2019, the Company issued 703,704 common shares with a fair value of 22,167 for the conversion of 10,000 of notes payable,
 3,300 of accrued interest, and 12,107 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of debt of 3,240. 

On
December 13, 2019, the Company issued 822,281 common shares with a fair value of 25,902 for the conversion of 15,000 of notes payable,
 500 of fees, and 12,103 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of debt of 1,701. 

On
December 16, 2019, the Company issued 2,079,180 common shares with a fair value of 62,375 for the conversion of 40,000 of notes payable,
 2,981 of accrued interest, and 33,668 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of debt of 14,274. 

On
December 16, 2019, the Company issued 567,874 common shares with a fair value of 17,036 for the conversion of 7,000 of notes payable,
 500 of fees, 2,872 of accrued interest, and 7,416 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of debt of 752. 

F- 21 

AMERICAN
BATTERY METALS CORPORATION 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the year ended June 30, 2021 and the nine month period from October 1, 2019 to June 30, 2020 

9. Stockholder s
Equity (Deficit) (continued) 

Nine
months ended June 30, 2020 (continued) 

On
December 17, 2019, the Company issued 1,047,754 common shares with a fair value of 35,624 for the conversion of 20,000 of notes payable,
 1,517 of accrued interest, and 16,552 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of debt of 2,444. 

On
December 24, 2019, the Company issued 932,920 common shares with a fair value of 38,670 for the conversion of 6,650 of notes payable,
 500 of fees, and 29,558 of derivative liability resulting in a loss of settlement of debt of 1,962. 

On
December 24, 2019, the Company issued 1,561,157 common shares with a fair value of 64,710 for the conversion of 25,000 of notes payable,
 1,646 of accrued interest, and 43,120 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of debt of 5,056. 

On
December 27, 2019, the Company issued 896,925 common shares with a fair value of 30,047 for the conversion of 14,000 of notes payable,
 500 of fees, 133 of accrued interest, and 16,948 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of debt of 1,535. 

On
December 30, 2019, the Company issued 1,164,572 common shares with a fair value of 32,608 for the conversion of 18,500 of notes payable,
 500 of fees, and 14,929 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of debt of 1,321. 

On
January 2, 2020, the Company issued 2,316,826 common shares with a fair value of 81,090 for the conversion of 40,000 of note payable,
 3,167 of accrued interest, and 49,831 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of debt of 11,908. 

On
January 2, 2020, the Company issued 1,567,942 common shares with a fair value of 54,878 for the conversion of 25,000 of note payable,
 1,708 of accrued interest, and 36,380 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 8,210. 

On
January 2, 2020, the Company issued 892,857 common shares with a fair value of 31,250 for the conversion of 15,000 of note payable
and 19,062 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 2,812. 

On
January 3, 2020, the Company issued 1,553,815 common shares with a fair value of 49,722 for the conversion of 21,500 of note payable,
 3,530 of accrued interest, 500 of fees, and 48,168 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 2,500. 

On
January 3, 2020, the Company issued 2,000,000 common shares with a fair value of 64,000 for the conversion of 25,933 of note payable,
 6,697 of accrued interest and 36,589 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 5,219. 

On
January 3, 2020, the Company issued 892,857 common shares with a fair value of 28,572 for the conversion of 15,000 of note payable
and 16,833 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 3,261. 

On
January 6, 2020, the Company issued 860,000 common shares with a fair value of 25,800 for the conversion of 11,311 of note payable,
 750 fees and 15,573 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 1,834. 

On
January 6, 2020, the Company issued 1,264,782 common shares with a fair value of 37,944 for the conversion of 20,000 of note payable,
 94 of accrued interest, 500 of fees and 19,661 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 2,311. 

On
January 6, 2020, the Company issued 1,071,429 common shares with a fair value of 32,143 for the conversion of 18,000 of note payable
and 17,815 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 3,672. 

On
January 7, 2020, the Company issued 802,381 common shares with a fair value of 24,874 for the conversion of 10,000 of note payable,
 3,622 of accrued interest and 14,098 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 2,846. 

F- 22 

AMERICAN
BATTERY METALS CORPORATION 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the year ended June 30, 2021 and the nine month period from October 1, 2019 to June 30, 2020 

9. 
 Stockholder s
 Equity (Deficit) (continued) 

Nine
months ended June 30, 2020 (continued) 

On
January 7, 2020, the Company issued 1,569,981 common shares with a fair value of 48,669 for the conversion of 25,000 of note payable,
 1,743 of accrued interest and 27,445 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 5,519. 

On
January 10, 2020, the Company issued 1,395,332 common shares for a fair value of 35,581 for the conversion of 20,000 of note payable,
 1,014 of accrued interest and 21,671 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 7,104. 

On
January 13, 2020, the Company issued 1,938,768 common shares for a fair value 52,347 for the conversion of 30,000 of note payable,
 2,142 of accrued interest and 26,911 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 6,706. 

On
January 14, 2020, the Company issued 1,340,000 common shares for a fair value of 45,560 for the conversion of 17,306 of note payable,
 750 of fees and 31,041 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 3,537. 

On
January 14, 2020, the Company issued 916,963 common shares for a fair value of 31,177 for the conversion of 14,000 of note payable,
 600 of accrued interest, 500 of fees and 19,647 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 3,570. 

On
January 14, 2020, the Company issued 5,021,366 common shares for a fair value of 170,726 for the conversion of 79,067 of note payable,
 572 accrued interest and 114,349 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 23,262. 

On
January 15, 2020, the Company issued 1,500,000 common shares for a fair value of 100,470 for the conversion of 19,462 of note payable,
 750 of fees and 100,470 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 21,212. 

On
January 15, 2020, the Company issued 4,649,492 common shares for a fair value of 311,422 for the conversion of 75,000 of note payable,
 5,938 of accrued interest and 247,423 derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 16,939. 

On
January 15, 2020, the Company issued 2,805,479 common shares for a fair value of 187,911 for the conversion of 40,000 of note payable,
 2,082 of accrued interest and 154,571 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 8,742. 

On
January 15, 2020, the Company issued 3,232,955 common shares for a fair value of 216,543 for the conversion of 50,000 of note payable,
 3,597 of accrued interest and 168,041 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 5,095. 

On
January 16, 2020, the Company issued 3,233,793 common shares for a fair value of 181,093 for the conversion of 50,000, accrued interest
of 3,611 and derivative liability of 132,763 resulting in a gain on settlement of 5,281. 

On
January 17, 2020, the Company issued 5,263,014 common shares for a fair value of 302,623 for the conversion of 75,000 of note payable,
 3,945 of accrued interest and 242,111 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 18,433. 

On
January 22, 2020, the Company issued 2,591,056 common shares for a fair value of 82,914 for the conversion of 40,000 of note payable,
 2,956 accrued interest and 53,413 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 13,455. 

On
January 23, 2020, the Company issued 1,757,077 common shares for a fair value of 70,248 for the conversion of 25,000 of note payable,
 1,295 accrued interest and 52,557 of derivative liability resulting in a gain of settlement of 8,604. 

On
January 23, 2020, the Company issued 3,761,200 common shares with a fair value of 150,448 for consulting services. 

F- 23 

AMERICAN
BATTERY METALS CORPORATION 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the year ended June 30, 2021 and the nine month period from October 1, 2019 to June 30, 2020 

9. 
 Stockholder s
 Equity (Deficit) (continued) 

Nine
months ended June 30, 2020 (continued) 

On
January 23, 2020, the Company issued 3,475,000 common shares with a fair value of 139,000 for consulting services including 1,000,000
common shares with a fair value of 40,000 to a director of the Company. 

On
January 27, 2020, the Company issued 4,679,001 common shares with a fair value of 170,784 for the conversion of 75,000 of note payable,
 6,793 of accrued interest and 150,648 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 61,657. 

On
January 27, 2020, the Company issued 2,594,407 common shares with a fair value of 94,695 for the conversion of 40,000 of note payable,
 3,011 of accrued liability and 59,353 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 7,669. 

On
January 30, 2020, the Company issued 2,596,417 common shares with a fair value of 84,383 for the conversion of 40,000, 2,683 of accrued
interest and 50,666 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 8,966. 

On
February 4, 2020, the Company issued 6,467,394 common shares with a fair value of 239,293 for the conversion of 98,000 of note payable,
 5,907 of accrued interest, 105 of fees and 166,151 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 30,870. 

On
February 5, 2020, the Company issued 2,503,957 common shares with a fair value of 113,930 for the conversion of 40,000 of note payable,
 3,589 of accrued interest and 72,495 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 2,154. 

On
February 5, 2020, the Company issued 670,000 common shares with a fair value of 30,485 for the conversion of 8,278 of note payable,
 750 of fees and 22,106 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 649. 

On
February 6, 2020, the Company issued 5,026,425 common shares with a fair value of 201,057 for the conversion of 78,630 of note payable,
 4,375 of accrued interest and 134,206 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 16,154. 

On
February 10, 2020, the Company issued 9,723,549 common shares with a fair value of 495,901 for the conversion of 150,000 of note payable,
 11,096 of accrued interest, 105 of fees and 366,278 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 31,578. 

On
February 10, 2020, the Company issued 1,118,568 common shares with a fair value of 57,047 for the conversion of 20,000 of note payable
and 37,087 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 40. 

On
February 10, 2020, the Company issued 7,834,840 common shares with a fair value of 399,577 for the conversion of 125,000 of note payable,
 14,524 of accrued interest and 269,904 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 9,851. 

On
February 11, 2020, the Company issued 2,051,298 common shares with a fair value of 137,355 for the conversion of 18,641 of note payable,
 4,564 of accrued interest, 1,500 of fees and 108,919 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 3,731. 

On
February 12, 2020, the Company issued 1,388,889 common shares with a fair value of 83,333 for the conversion of 25,000 of note payable
and 65,150 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 6,817. 

On
February 14, 2020, the Company issued 2,688,172 common shares with a fair value of 161,290 for the conversion of 50,000 of note payable,
 3,550 of accrued interest and 127,306 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 19,566. 

On
February 19, 2020, the Company issued 9,301,308 common shares with a fair value of 836,188 for the conversion of 175,000 of note payable,
 14,529 of accrued interest, 105 of fees and 238,239 of derivative liability resulting in a loss on settlement on 408,315. 

F- 24 

AMERICAN
BATTERY METALS CORPORATION 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the year ended June 30, 2021 and the nine month period from October 1, 2019 to June 30, 2020 

9. 
 Stockholder s
 Equity (Deficit) (continued) 

Nine
months ended June 30, 2020 (continued) 

On
February 19, 2020, the Company issued 3,643,827 common shares with a fair value of 327,580 for the conversion of 60,000 of note payable,
 5,472 of accrued interest and 327,580 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 65,472. 

On
February 24, 2020, the Company issued 10,000,000 common shares with a fair value of 400,000 for consulting services including 6,000,000
common shares with a fair value of 240,000 to three directors of the Company. 

On
February 24, 2020, the Company issued 9,206,396 common shares with a fair value of 535,996 for the conversion of 175,000 of note payable,
 12,705 of accrued interest, 105 of fees and 398,306 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 50,120. 

On
February 27, 2020, the Company issued 1,313,822 common shares for the exercise of cashless warrants. 

On
March 1, 2020, the Company issued 2,104,577 common shares with a fair value of 99,967 for the conversion of 35,200 of note payable,
 2,147 of accrued interest, 500 fees and 68,868 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 3,748. 

On
March 2, 2020, the Company issued 2,049,666 common shares with a fair value of 97,359 for the conversion of 35,200 of note payable,
 2,159 of accrued interest, 500 of fees and 69,374 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 9,874. 

On
March 4, 2020, the Company issued 7,910,062 common shares with a fair value of 514,154 for the conversion of 150,000 of note payable,
 11,635 of accrued interest, 105 of fees and 390,342 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 37,928. 

On
March 24, 2020, the Company issued 5,082,065 common shares with a fair value of 193,118 for the conversion of 90,000 of note payable.
 6,657 of accrued interest, 105 of fees and 127,986 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 31,630. 

On
April 7, 2020, the Company issued 5,666,272 common shares with a fair value of 214,185 for the conversion of 100,000 of note payable.
 7,781 of accrued interest, 105 of fees and 134,929 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 28,630. 

On
April 17, 2020, the Company issued 4,545,632 common shares with a fair value of 259,101 for the conversion of 80,000 of note payable.
 6,959 of accrued interest, 105 of fees and 177,250 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 5,213. 

On
April 22, 2020, the Company issued 1,544,271 common shares with a fair value of 64,859 for the conversion of 29,150 of note payable.
 1,817 of accrued interest, 500 of fees and 47,556 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 14,164. 

On
April 22, 2020, the Company issued 1,555,098 common shares with a fair value of 76,977 for the conversion of 29,150 of note payable.
 1,827 of accrued interest, 500 of fees and 58,343 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 12,842. 

On
April 29, 2020, the Company issued 2,512,923 common shares with a fair value of 150,775 for the conversion of 52,000 of note payable.
 2,817 of accrued interest, 105 of fees and 115,796 of derivative liability resulting in a gain on settlement of 19,942. 

On
April 29, 2020, the Company issued 2,093,860 common shares for the exercise of cashless warrants. 

On
May 20, 2020, the Company issued 5,657,363 common shares for the exercise of cashless warrants. 

On
May 22, 2020, the Company issued 6,874,831 common shares with a fair value of 382,928 for consulting services and management fee. 

On
June 19, 2020, the Company issued 859,259 common shares for the exercise of cashless warrants. 

F- 25 

AMERICAN
BATTERY METALS CORPORATION 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the year ended June 30, 2021 and the nine month period from October 1, 2019 to June 30, 2020 

9. 
 Stockholder s
 Equity (Deficit) (continued) 

Nine
months ended June 30, 2020 (continued) 

On
June 29, 2020, the Company issued 3,750,000 units for proceeds of 150,000. Each unit is comprised of one common share of the Company
and 0.8 share purchase warrants where each whole share purchase warrant can be exercised into one common share of the Company at 0.15
per share until October 31, 2024. 

On
June 30, 2020, the Company issued 1,712,824 common shares as part of the settlement for the exercise of cashless warrants. 

As
at June 30, 2020, the Company received share subscriptions of 2,450,000 for the future issuance of private placement units at 0.04
per unit, where each unit is comprised of one common share of the Company and 0.8 share purchase warrants where each whole share purchase
warrant can be exercised into one common share of the Company at 0.15 per share until October 31, 2024. 

F- 26 

AMERICAN
BATTERY METALS CORPORATION 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the year ended June 30, 2021 and the nine month period from October 1, 2019 to June 30, 2020 

10. 
 Share
 Purchase Warrants 

Number
 of warrants 
 Weighted
 average exercise price 

Balance, September 30, 2019 
 8,925,334 
 0.09 
 
 Issued 
 6,522,224 
 0.16 
 
 Exercised 
 (5,610,807 
 0.09 
 
 Expired 
 (1,233,639 
 0.09 

Balance, June 30, 2020 
 8,603,112 
 0.14 
 
 Issued 
 71,516,000 
 0.13 
 
 Exercised 
 (52,253,112 
 0.15 

Balance, June 30, 2021 
 27,866,000 
 0.09 

Additional
information regarding share purchase warrants as of June 30, 2021, is as follows: 

Outstanding
 and exercisable 
 
 Range of
 Exercise Prices 
 Number
 of 
 Warrants 
 Weighted
 Average Remaining Contractual Life (years) 

0.075 
 25,750,000 
 3.3 
 
 0.15 
 500,000 
 4.3 
 
 0.25 
 1,616,000 
 2.5 

27,866,000 
 3.3 

11. 
 Supplemental
 Disclosures 

June
 30, 2021 
 June
 30, 2020 

Supplemental disclosures: 

Interest paid 
 63,216 
 64,973 
 
 Income
 taxes paid 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Discount on convertible
 debenture 
 - 
 396,893 
 
 Beneficial Conversion Feature 
 271,000 
 - 
 
 Original issuance discount
 on convertible debentures 
 51,000 
 149,300 
 
 Preferred shares issued
 to officers and directors 
 200 
 300 
 
 Common shares issued for
 deposit for acquisition of property 
 271,780 

Common
 shares issued for settlement of convertible debt 
 8,313,393 
 9,313,911 

F- 27 

AMERICAN
 BATTERY METALS CORPORATION 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the year ended June 30, 2021 and the nine month period from October 1, 2019 to June 30, 2020 

12. 
 Income
 Taxes 

The
Company has no income tax provision for the twelve months ended June 30, 2021 and nine months ended June 30, 2021. 
 The statutory rate of 21 for U.S. federal income tax is the only applicable tax rate used for the twelve
months ended June 30, 2021 and nine months ended June 30, 2021. The statutory rate differs from the Company s
current year provision due to the following: 

June
 30, 2021 
 June
 30, 2020 

Net loss before taxes 
 41,760,064 
 13,318,408 
 
 Statutory rate 
 21 
 21 

Computed expected tax recovery 
 8,769,613 
 2,796,866 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 
 (4,127,612 
 (1,047,095 
 
 Gain/loss on settlement of debt 
 3,923,489 
 250,207 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 (6,164,291 

Net operating loss adjustment 
 (172,322 

Change in valuation allowance 
 (1,625,555 
 (1,359,591 
 
 Other permanent tax
 adjustments 
 (603,322 
 (640,387 

Income tax provision 

As
of June 30, 2021, the Company had accumulated 32,341,523 of net operating losses (NOL) carried forward to offset taxable
income in future years. The Company currently has 7,049,590 of unused NOL s that are set to begin to expire in 2036 to 2038, with
the remainder of 25,291,933 having no expiration date. 

The
significant components of deferred income tax assets and liabilities at June 30, 2021 and 2020 after applying enacted corporate income
tax rates are as follows. 

2021 
 2020 

Net operating losses carried forward 
 6,791,720 
 5,166,165 
 
 Valuation allowance 
 (6,791,720 
 (5,166,165 

Net deferred tax asset 

The
Company has a sole uncertain tax position (UTP) for stock-based compensation for services included in open tax returns beginning
with the twelve months ended September 30, 2016. The Company intends to remedy the UTP with the required information forms issued
in a timely matter prior to filing of the tax return for the twelve months ended June 30, 2021. Penalties continue to accrue on
untimely information returns, though the amount is immaterial to these financial statements. 

The
unrecognized tax benefits for the Company are as follows: 

2021 
 
 2020 

Unrecognized tax benefits, beginning
 of period 
 2,550,962 

Increases tax
 position in current period 
 
 2,550,962 

Unrecognized tax benefits,
 end of period 
 2,550,962 
 2,550,962 

F- 28 

AMERICAN
BATTERY METALS CORPORATION 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the year ended June 30, 2021 and the nine month period from October 1, 2019 to June 30, 2020 

12. 
 Income
 Taxes (continued) 

Under
Section 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, the Company s ability to utilize carryforwards and other
tax attributes such as foreign tax credits, in any taxable year may be limited if the Company experiences, or has experienced, an ownership
change. A Section 382 ownership change generally occurs if one or more stockholders or groups of stockholders, who
own at least 5 of the Company s stock, increase their ownership percentage by more than 50 percentage points over their lowest
ownership percentage within a rolling three-year period. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. The Company may, in the future
experience one or more additional Section 382 ownership changes. 

The
CARES Act was enacted March 27, 2020. Among the business provisions, the CARES Act provided for various payroll tax incentives, changes
to net operating loss carryback and carryforward rules, business interest expense limitation increases, and bonus depreciation on qualified
improvement property. Additionally, the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021 was signed on December 27, 2020, which provided additional
COVID-19 relief provisions for businesses. The Company has evaluated the impact of both the Acts and has determined that any impact is
not material to its financial statements. 

We
file U.S. income tax returns with varying statutes of limitations. The tax returns for years ended September 30, 2016, to June
30, 2021, remain open to examination due to the carryover of unused NOL carryforwards and tax credits. The Company is not under examination
by any tax authority as of June 30, 2021. 

The
Company has incurred tax penalties of 40,000 for the twelve months ending June 30. 2021. The expense has been presented within the consolidated
statements of operations, general and administrative expenses. No tax penalties were incurred during the nine months ended June 30. 2020.
The Company is currently working on remedying the penalties given the reasonable cause of the related filings. 

13. 
 Contingencies 

From
time to time, the Company may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of business.
Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may
harm business. Management is currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that could have, individually or in the aggregate,
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operating results. 

14. 
 Subsequent
 Events 

On
July 9, 2021, the Company purchased 173AF of water rights in basin 76, Fernley, NV for 2,172,750, to be used at the Company s
discretion. 

On
July 21, 2021, the Company issued 10,000,000 restricted shares of common stock as a result of Series C preferred share conversion.
The shareholder in receipt of these shares is JB People and Planet Fund, of which, David Batstone is indirectly a 5.161 owner. 

On
July 23, 2021, the Company purchased 11.55 acres of industrial-zoned land in Fernley, Nevada for 1,300,000. The Company intends to construct
a supplemental storage facility for pilot plant feedstock on this site. 

On
August 25, 2021, the Board agreed to redeem all of the 500,000 shares of super voting Series A Preferred Shares held by its directors
at par value 0.001 per share) according to the redemption provisions set forth in the Designation of Series A Preferred Shares. The
redemption was taken in connection with certain corporate governance changes of the Company being taken to facilitate its listing on
the NASDAQ stock exchange. 

On
September 27, 2021, the Company entered into a definitive securities purchase agreement with a U.S.-based
institutional asset manager for the purchase and sale of approximately 39,100,000 in securities, before deducting transaction fees
and expenses. In this transaction, the Company sold an aggregate of 25,389,611 shares of its common stock and warrants to purchase
an aggregate of up to 25,389,611 shares of common stock in a registered direct offering at a combined purchase price of 1.54 per share
and warrant. The net proceeds received by the Company from this transaction is to be used for construction and commissioning of its
Nevada-based 20,000 metric tonne per year battery recycling plant as well as for working capital purposes. 

F- 29 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Disclosure controls
and procedures are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports
that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls
and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance of achieving the desired
control objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls
and procedures. 

Based
on our management s evaluation (with the participation of the individuals serving as our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer) of our disclosure controls and procedures as required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, each of the
individuals serving as our principal executive officer and principal financial officer has concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level as of June 30, 2021, the end of the period covered by this report. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision and with the
participation of our management, including the individuals serving as our principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a
reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a
timely basis. 

Management
assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013 Framework). Based on this assessment, our management
concluded that, as of June 30, 2021, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective based on those criteria due to material
weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting described below. 

Material
Weakness in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

We
did not maintain adequate documentation evidencing the operating effectiveness of certain control activities and did not maintain proper
levels of supervision and review of complex accounting matters. We did not maintain appropriate segregation of duties related to accounting
processes. 

These
control deficiencies resulted in several misstatements to the preliminary financial statements that were corrected and/or deemed immaterial
in the aggregate prior to issuance of the financial statements. These control deficiencies create a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement to the financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis, and there we concluded that the deficiencies
represent material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and our internal control over financial reporting was
not effective as of June 30, 2021. 

Remediation
Plan 

We
continue to enhance our internal control over financial reporting in an effort to remediate the material weaknesses described above.
We are committed to ensuring that our internal control over financial reporting is designed and operating effectively. 

23 

Our
remediation process includes, but not limited to: 

Investing
 in a more internal comprehensive ERP solutions that include accounting modules that integrate internal controls into the accounting
 process establishing better controls. 

Enhancing
 the organizational structure to support financial reporting processes and internal controls by hiring additional qualified professionals
 in connection with the implementation of a new ERP system to be implemented during fiscal year 2022. 

Providing
 guidance, education and training to employees relating to our accounting policies and procedures. 

Further
 developing and documenting detailed policies and procedures regarding business processes for significant accounts, critical accounting
 policies and critical accounting estimates. 

Establishing
 effective general controls over IT systems to ensure that information produced can be relied upon by process level controls is relevant
 and reliable. 

Continuing
 to engage an outside accounting firm in connection with complex accounting matters and evaluating internal controls established. 

We
 have engaged a firm that specializes in Cyber and IT protection at scale to further enhance the protection of our internal financial
 controls, proprietary methods, and strategic partnerships. 

We
expect to remediate these material weaknesses during fiscal 2022. However, we may discover additional material weaknesses that may require
additional time and resources to remediate. 

Attestation
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to the deferral
allowed for smaller reporting companies. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this Annual Report on Form
10-K that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Although
we have altered some work routines due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the changes in our work environment, including remote work arrangements,
have not materially impacted our internal controls over financial reporting and have not adversely affected the Company s ability
to maintain operations. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

24 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
following table sets forth the names and ages of our current directors and executive officers, the principal offices and positions held
by each person: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions 
 
 William
 Hunter 
 
 52 
 
 Director 
 
 Douglas
 MacLellan 
 
 65 
 
 Director 
 
 Douglas
 Cole 
 
 66 
 
 Director,
 Chairman, Secretary 
 
 Ryan
 Melsert 
 
 39 
 
 Director,
 CEO, CTO 
 
 David
 Batstone 
 
 52 
 
 Director 
 
 David
 Corsaut 
 
 65 
 
 CFO 
 
 Andres
 Meza 
 
 41 
 
 COO 
 
 Scott
 Jolcover 
 
 70 
 
 Chief
 Resource Officer 

William
Hunter , Director 

Mr.
Hunter, age 52, received his B.Sc. from DePaul University in Chicago and an MBA with distinction from the Kellstadt School of
Business at DePaul University. Mr. Hunter is the former President and CFO of Advent Technologies Holdings, Inc. and CEO
of AMCI Acquisition Corp. (Nasdaq: AMCIU). He is a seasoned financial executive with over 20 years of advisory and capital markets
experience and has been involved in over 20 billion of transactions throughout his career in the natural resources and industrial industries.
Prior to joining AMCI, Mr. Hunter led the Americas Banking team at Nomura where he advised Mitsui in their acquisition of a minority
interest in the Moatize Coal Mining complex from Vale and Globe Specialty Metals in their 3.1 billion merger of equals 
transaction with FerroAtlantica. Before Nomura he led industrial and natural resource teams at Jefferies, TD Securities and BMO Nesbitt
Burns. 

There
have been no transactions since the beginning of the Company s last fiscal year, and there are no currently proposed transactions,
in which the Company was or is to be a participant and in which Mr. Hunter (or any member of his immediate family) had or will have any
interest, that are required to be reported under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. The appointment of Mr. Hunter was not pursuant to any
arrangement or understanding between him and any person, other than a director or executive officer of the Company acting in his or her
official capacity. 

Douglas
MacLellan , Director 

Mr.
MacLellan, age 65, currently serves as Chairman of the Board of eWellness Healthcare Corporation (OTCQB: EWLL) since May 2013.
From November 2009 to December 2017 Mr. MacLellan was an independent director and Chairman of the Audit Committee of ChinaNet Online
Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: CNET) a media development, advertising and communications company. From June 2011 to present Mr. MacLellan has
been Chairman of Innovare Products, Inc., a privately held company that develops innovative consumer products. From May 2014 to October
2016, Mr. MacLellan was a member of the Board as an independent director of Jameson Stanford Resources Corporation (OTCBB: JMSN) an early-stage
mining company. From September 1992 through April 2014, Mr. MacLellan held various Board positions and was Chairman and chief executive
officer at Radient Pharmaceuticals Corporation. (OTCQB: RXPC.PK), a vertically integrated specialty pharmaceutical company. He also continued
to serve as president and chief executive officer for the MacLellan Group, an international financial advisory firm from March 1992 through
January 2016. From August 2005 to May 2009, Mr. MacLellan was co-founder and vice chairman at Ocean Smart, Inc., a Canadian based aquaculture
company. From February 2002 to September 2006, Mr. MacLellan served as chairman and cofounder at Broadband Access MarketSpace, Ltd.,
a China based IT advisory firm, and was also co-founder at Datalex Corp., a software and IT company specializing in mainframe applications,
from February 1997 to May 2002. Mr. MacLellan was educated at the University of Southern California in economics and international relations. 

There
have been no transactions since the beginning of the Company s last fiscal year, and there are no currently proposed transactions,
in which the Company was or is to be a participant and in which Mr. MacLellan (or any member of his immediate family) had or will have
any interest, that are required to be reported under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. The appointment of Mr. MacLellan was not pursuant
to any arrangement or understanding between him and any person, other than a director or executive officer of the Company acting in his
or her official capacity. 

25 

Douglas
Cole, Director, Secretary 

Mr.
Cole, age 66, has been a Partner overseeing all ongoing deal activities with Objective Equity LLC since 2005, a boutique investment bank
focused on the high technology, data analytics and the mining sector. Mr. Cole currently serves on the Board of Directors of eWellness
Healthcare Corporation (EWLL). Since 1977 Mr. Cole has held various executive roles, including Chairman, Executive Vice Chairman, Chief
Executive Officer and President of multiple public corporations. From May 2000 to September 2005, he was also the Director of Lair of
the Bear, The University of California Family Camp located in Pinecrest, California. During the period between 1991 and 1996 he was the
CEO of HealthSoft and he also founded and operated Great Bear Technology, which acquired Sony Image Soft and Starpress, then went public
and eventually sold to Graphix Zone. In 1995 Mr. Cole was honored by NEA, a leading venture capital firm, as CEO of the year. In 1997
Mr. Cole became CEO of NetAmerica until merging in 1999. Since 1982 he has been very active with the University of California, Berkeley
mentoring early-stage technology companies. Mr. Cole has extensive experience in global M A and global distributions. He obtained
his BA in Social Sciences from UC Berkeley in 1978. 

There
have been no transactions since the beginning of the Company s last fiscal year, and there are no currently proposed transactions,
in which the Company was or is to be a participant and in which Mr. Cole (or any member of his immediate family) had or will have any
interest, that are required to be reported under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. The appointment of Mr. Cole was not pursuant to any arrangement
or understanding between him and any person, other than a director or executive officer of the Company acting in his or her official
capacity. 

Ryan
Melsert, Director, CEO, CTO 

Mr.
Melsert, age 39, is the CEO and CTO at American Battery Metals Corporation, overseeing all aspects of the Company s battery metal
extraction and lithium-ion battery recycling divisions. Mr. Melsert specializes in the development and scale-up of highly innovative
first-of-kind systems. This development process consists of fundamental conceptual design, rigorous thermodynamic and process modeling,
design and fabrication of bench-scale prototypes, construction and operation of integrated pilot systems, and implementation of commercial-scale
systems. Joining the Company in August 2019, Mr. Melsert has been accelerating the development and implementation of the Company s
proprietary battery metal extraction technologies and battery recycling programs with the planning and construction of a multi-functional
facility. Since June 2019, Mr. Melsert has been the CEO of M2 Thermal Solutions whose first-of-kind residential air conditioning system,
that exhibits a disruptive improvement in energy efficiency over current state-of-the-art systems, has been accepted as one of eight
finalist designs in the Global Cooling Prize challenge. From May 2015 to March 2019 Mr. Melsert worked at Tesla as one of the founding
members of the battery manufacturing Gigafactory design team, and subsequently as an R D Manager for the Battery Materials Processing
group. He founded and led this cross-functional team of mechanical and chemical engineers who implemented first principles design to
develop novel first-of-kind systems for the extraction, purification, and synthesis of precursor and active battery materials. This development
scope included the fundamental conceptual design, rigorous thermodynamic and process modeling, design and fabrication of bench-scale
prototypes, construction and operation of integrated pilot systems, and implementation of commercial scale systems for the processing
of battery materials. During this time Mr. Melsert was awarded 5 different patents. From April 2013 to May 2015 Mr. Melsert served as
R D Manager, Advanced Energy Transportation Technologies for Southern Research where he led a project team of 5-10 chemical/mechanical
engineers in fundamental design of first-of-kind systems throughout energy systems field. While there, Mr. Melsert wrote and won several
DOE grants in addition to winning the company-wide Invention of the Year 2015, presented at ARPA-E Innovation Summit. His
education includes an MS in Mechanical Engineering and an MBA from Georgia Tech awarded in 2007 and 2011, respectively, and a BS in Mechanical
Engineering with Minors in Engineering Mechanics, French, and International Studies from Penn State University awarded in 2004. 

There
have been no transactions since the beginning of the Company s last fiscal year, and there are no currently proposed transactions,
in which the Company was or is to be a participant and in which Mr. Melsert (or any member of his immediate family) had or will have
any interest, that are required to be reported under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. The appointment of Mr. Melsert was not pursuant to
any arrangement or understanding between him and any person, other than a director or executive officer of the Company acting in his
or her official capacity. 

David
Batstone, Director 

Mr.
Batstone, age 52, is the co-founder and president of Not for Sale and co-founder and Managing Partner of Just Business that are
behind the success of Relocity, Rebbl and other companies that leverage business success to address human trafficking, climate change,
and greater access to economic opportunity for all. He is a former investment banker in the technology industry and holds an appointment
as Professor of entrepreneurship and innovation at the University of San Francisco School of Management. Mr. Batstone is a catalyst for
driving positive change across the world. Working with entrepreneurs and investors to create forward-thinking companies that return dignity
to people and planet, he is quietly leading a revolution in the way 21st century business operates. A sought-after speaker and investor
to businesses and non-profits alike, he shares his unique model for developing successful enterprises that create opportunity for everyone.
His groundbreaking work has earned him numerous awards, most significantly the UN Women for Peace Association named him a 2017 Peace
Award winner for his international work toward economic and social empowerment for communities at risk for exploitation. Mr. Batstone
has authored five books, is the recipient of two national journalist awards, and was named National Endowment for the Humanities Chair
at the University of San Francisco for his work in technology and ethics. 

26 

Other
than the above, there have been no transactions since the beginning of the Company s last fiscal year, and there are no currently
proposed transactions, in which the Company was or is to be a participant and in which Mr. Batstone (or any member of his immediate family)
had or will have any interest, that are required to be reported under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. The appointment of Mr. Batstone
was not pursuant to any arrangement or understanding between him and any person, other than a director or executive officer of the Company
acting in his or her official capacity. 

David
Corsaut, Chief Financial Officer 

Mr.
Corsaut, age 65 has more than 35 years experience as a founder, leader, senior executive, advisor, trustee and financier of businesses
in the United States, Europe, Latin America and Asia. Mr. Corsaut has managed more than 100 successful mergers and acquisitions. Mr.
Corsaut was the co-founder of Exxedus Capital Partners, LLC ECP based in St Louis, a business consulting firm that receives
95 of its engagements through its extensive referral network. Mr. Corsaut was the COO of Distribution Services Limited DSL ),
a 400 million international logistics/supply chain concern. Mr. Corsaut was a founder and COO of a global software services LMI company where his responsibilities included securing equity capital from VC funds for the expansion of the Company. LMI s customers
included Ford, Sony, Mitsubishi, Allen Bradley, CA and Microsoft. From 2003 to 2005, Mr. Corsaut acted as Trustee for the restructuring
and merger of two publicly traded semiconductor firms. From 1999 through 2009, Mr. Corsaut was the co-founder and Managing Director of
Cloyses Partners, LLC, a very successful consulting, merchant banking and turnaround firm based in Denver, CO. From 1987 to 1992, Mr.
Corsaut was the Economic Development Advisor to the city government of Barcelona, Spain and the Spanish Government. Mr. Corsaut was the
lead financier and a Director of a Colorado based real estate development and residential home builder, Pride-Mark Homes PMH ).
PMH grew from annual sales of 15,000,000 to annual sales of over 100,000,000 in 1998. Mr. Corsaut earned a Bachelor of Science degree
from Western Michigan University and has completed graduate work in accounting, finance and management both in the U. S. and Europe. 

There
have been no transactions since the beginning of the Company s last fiscal year, and there are no currently proposed transactions,
in which the Company was or is to be a participant and in which Mr. Corsaut (or any member of his immediate family) had or will have
any interest, that are required to be reported under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. The appointment of Mr. Corsaut was not pursuant to
any arrangement or understanding between him and any person, other than a director or executive officer of the Company acting in his
or her official capacity. 

Andres
Meza, Chief Operating Officer 

Mr.
Meza, 41, has an undergraduate degree in chemical engineering and started his professional career at Georgia Pacific working as a process
engineer at a paper mill. After working to gain direct hands-on chemical manufacturing expertise throughout the processing plant, he
was promoted to a shift team leader. To further enhance his management and leadership skills, he attended the Harvard Business School.
After receiving his MBA, he worked for Apple as a global supply manager focusing on commissioning and scaling up of manufacturing facilities
across Asia and the implementation of cost efficiencies throughout their supply chain. After four years optimizing high-volume manufacturing
at Apple, Mr. Meza worked for the management consultancy firm McKinsey and Company as an engagement manager. In this role, he analyzed
the manufacturing operations of global corporations and developed strategic assessments for executives to implement operational efficiencies
in their facilities and business units. Mr. Meza subsequently joined the private equity firm Transom Capital as the Vice President of
Operations working with a suite of portfolio companies in which the firm had invested. At Transom Capital, Mr. Meza used his extensive
expertise in operational leadership and manufacturing to establish the required procedures and frameworks to help grow these early-stage
companies into mature and stable corporations. 

There
have been no transactions since the beginning of the Company s last fiscal year, and there are no currently proposed transactions,
in which the Company was or is to be a participant and in which Mr. Meza (or any member of his immediate family) had or will have any
interest, that are required to be reported under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. The appointment of Mr. Meza was not pursuant to any arrangement
or understanding between him and any person, other than a director or executive officer of the Company acting in his or her official
capacity. 

Scott
Jolcover, Chief Resource Officer 

Mr.
Jolcover, age 70, has development expertise spanning five decades including expertise in construction, mining and land development, water
resource, claims management, economic and environmental solutions. Prior to joining the Company, he served as the Director of Development
and General Site Manager for Comstock Mining Inc., where he managed all commercial transactions, including land, water and other major
capital expenditures and acquisitions and served two years on their Board of Directors. Other roles include President and CEO for Virginia
City Ventures, which established the Comstock Gold Mill and partnered with the Tri-County Railway Commission. Mr. Jolcover has board
and leadership roles with Nevada Works; Northern Nevada Development Authority (NNDA), Design and Construction Committee; and a 20-year
relationship with Virginia City Tourism Commission (VCTC), including Chair and Vice-Chair roles. 

27 

There
have been no transactions since the beginning of the Company s last fiscal year, and there are no currently proposed transactions,
in which the Company was or is to be a participant and in which Mr. Jolcover (or any member of his immediate family) had or will have
any interest, that are required to be reported under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. The appointment of Mr. Jolcover was not pursuant
to any arrangement or understanding between him and any person, other than a director or executive officer of the Company acting in his
or her official capacity. 

On
August 27, 2021, our directors Douglas Cole, Douglas MacLellan, and William Hunter delivered notice to the Company that they do not intend
to seek reelection as directors at the Company s next annual meeting. The Board agreed to select a meeting date for the annual
meeting within a reasonable time after the filing of this annual report. The Board intends to form a search committee to select qualified
director candidates to be presented for the shareholder vote at such annual meeting. 

Director
Qualifications 

We
believe that our directors should have the highest professional and personal ethics and values, consistent with our longstanding values
and standards. They should have broad experience at the policy-making level in business or banking. They should be committed to enhancing
stockholder value and should have sufficient time to carry out their duties and to provide insight and practical wisdom based on experience.
Their service on other boards of public companies should be limited to a number that permits them, given their individual circumstances,
to perform responsibly all director duties for us. Each director must represent the interests of all stockholders. When considering potential
director candidates, the Board also considers the candidate s character, judgment, diversity, age and skills, including financial
literacy and experience in the context of our needs and the needs of the Board. 

Family
Relationships 

None. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Our
directors and executive officers have not been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

Any
 bankruptcy petition filed by or against such person or any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer
 either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

Any
 conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offenses); 

Being
 subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
 permanently or temporarily enjoining him from or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking
 activities or to be associated with any person practicing in banking or securities activities; 

Being
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action, the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
 a Federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

Being
 subject of, or a party to, any Federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed,
 suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of any Federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law
 or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or
 fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

Being
 subject of or party to any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization,
 any registered entity or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members
 or persons associated with a member. 

Code
of Ethics 

The
Company has not adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct. Management intends to adopt a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct in the
near future. 

Term
of Office 

Our
directors are appointed to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our stockholders or until removed from office in accordance
with our Bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our Board and hold office until removed by the Board, absent an employment agreement. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

Since
we do not have an audit or compensation committee comprised of independent directors, the functions that would have been performed by
such committees are performed by our directors. The Board is in the process of establishing an audit committee and nominating committee.
The Company has five directors, three of which are not involved in the management of the Company, and to date, such directors have been
performing the functions of such committees. The involvement of the two non-management directors mitigates some potential conflict of
interest issues. 

28 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Compliance Reporting 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires a company s directors and officers, and persons who own more than 10 of any class of a company s
equity securities which are registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, to file with the SEC reports of ownership on Form 3 and
reports of changes in ownership on Forms 4 and 5. Such officers, directors and 10 stockholders are also required to furnish the company
with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. Based solely on our review of the copies of such forms received by us and on written
representations from certain reporting persons as of June 30, 2021, we believe that all Section 16(a) reports applicable to our officers,
directors and 10 stockholders with respect to the period ended June 30, 2021 have been filed. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal
 Years Ended 6/30/21
 and 6/30/2020 
 Salary
 ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock
 Awards ) 
 Option
 Awards ) 
 Non-Equity
 Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified
 Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All
 Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 

Douglas Cole 
 2020 
 341,346 
 60,000 
 135,700 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 537,046 
 
 CEO and Chairman of the Board [2] 
 2021 
 375,000 
 281,250 
 2,785,100 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 357,084 [1] 
 3,798,434 
 
 Douglas MacLellan 
 2020 
 47,500 
 20,000 
 122,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 189,500 
 
 Director 
 2021 
 107,500 
 45,000 
 270,100 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 422,600 
 
 William Hunter 
 2020 
 47,500 
 20,000 
 120,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 187,500 
 
 Director 
 2021 
 107,500 
 45,000 
 1,875,100 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 2,027,600 
 
 David Batstone 
 2020 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Director 
 2021 
 67,500 
 - 
 525,100 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 592,600 
 
 David Corsaut 
 2020 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 CFO 
 2021 
 245,577 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 9,900 
 255,477 
 
 Ryan Melsert 
 2020 
 156,250 
 - 
 233,720 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 389,970 
 
 Director, Chief Technology
 Officer 
 2021 
 360,003 
 103,125 
 330,100 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 793,228 

[1]
 Represents payment of previous years accrued compensation. 

[2]
 Resigned as the CEO of the Company on August 27, 2021 but remains as the chairman of the Board until the next annual shareholder
meeting of the Company. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards 

Since
incorporation on October 6, 2011 to June 30, 2021, we have not granted any stock options or stock appreciation rights to our executive
officers or directors. 

29 

Compensation
of Directors and Officers 

As
of June 30, 2021, we had no standard arrangement to compensate our directors for their services in the capacity as a director. On December
29, 2017, the Company entered into consulting agreements with Mr. Douglas Cole, Mr. William Hunter, and Mr. Douglas MacLellan and entered
into an employment agreement with its executive officer, Mr. Douglas Cole. On September 16, 2019 the Company entered into an employment
agreement with its Chief Technology Officer, Mr. Ryan Melsert. On September 8, 2020, the Company entered into a director agreement with
Mr. Ryan Melsert. On October 8, 2020, the Company entered into a director agreement with Mr. David Batstone. On December 29, 2020, the
Company entered into an employment agreement with its Chief Financial Officer, Mr. David Corsaut. All travel and lodging expenses associated
with corporate matters are reimbursed by us, if and when incurred. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

The
following table sets forth certain information as of October 7, 2021 regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock and preferred
stock, based on 630,787,717 shares of Common Stock issued by (i) each person or entity who, to our knowledge, owns more than 5 of our
common stock or preferred stock and (ii) each executive officer and director. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the following
table, each person named in the table has sole voting and investment power and that person s address is deemed to be the address
of our principal executive offices at 401 S Ryland Street, Suite 138, Reno, NV 89502. 

Shares
of common stock subject to options, warrants, or other rights currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of October 7, 2021,
are deemed to be beneficially owned and outstanding for computing the share ownership and percentage of the stockholder holding such
options, warrants or other rights, but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other stockholder. 

Name
 of Beneficial Owner 
 Number
 of Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage
 of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 
 Douglas Cole 
 18,373,166 
 2.91 
 
 Ryan Melsert 
 16,088,166 
 2.55 
 
 William Hunter 
 11,333,166 
 1.80 
 
 Douglas MacLellan 
 9,273,166 
 1.47 
 
 Scott Jolcover 
 3,325,000 
 .53 
 
 David Batstone 
 2,839,508 
 .45 
 
 David Corsaut 
 2,000,000 
 .32 
 
 Andres Meza 
 - 
 - 

Includes
shares owned by Just Business Management and JB People Planet, of which Director David Batstone holds ownership 

There
are no arrangements known to the Company which may at a subsequent date result in a change-in-control. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Director Independence 

Director,
David Batstone owns 50 of Just Business Management, LLC JBM ). In April 2020, the Company entered into a consulting agreement
with JBM to provide management services. The Company and JBM have since terminated the consulting agreement. JBM was paid a total of
 220,085 in cash and stock under the consulting agreement during the twelve months ended June 30, 2021. 

Director
Independence 

Douglas
Cole and Ryan Melsert are not independent directors within the meaning of Section 5605 of NASDAQ. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The
aggregate fees for the two most recently completed fiscal years for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the
audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements that are normally provided by the accountant in connection
with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal periods were as follows: 

Year
 Ended June
 30, 2021 
 9
 months ended June
 30, 2020 
 
 Audit Fees 
 13,750 
 66,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 39,950 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 2,500 
 
 All
 Other Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 53,700 
 68,500 

30 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

The
following exhibits are either provided with this Annual Report or are incorporated herein by reference: 

Exhibit 
 
 Description 
 
 Filed
 Herein 
 
 Incorporated 
 Date 
 
 By 
 Form 
 
 Reference 
 Exhibit 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation, as amended 
 
 x 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws 

May
 22, 2013 
 
 S-1 
 
 3.2 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amendment
 to Bylaws dated August 25, 2021 

August
 30, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Preferred Stock 

October
 8, 2019 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series B Preferred Stock 

February
 19, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series C Preferred Stock 

November
 5, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Marcum LLP 
 
 x 

23.2 
 
 Consent of Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah (dba of Heaton Company, PLLC) 
 
 x 

31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 x 

31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 x 

32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 x 

32.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 x 

101 
 
 INS
 XBRL Instant Document. 
 
 x 

101 
 
 SCH
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 x 

101 
 
 CAL
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 x 

101 
 
 LAB
 XRBL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document 
 
 x 

101 
 
 PRE
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 x 

101 
 
 DEF
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 x 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

31 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

AMERICAN
 BATTERY METALS CORPORATION (Registrant) 

Date:
 October 13, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/
 Ryan Melsert 

Ryan
 Melsert 

Chief
 Executive Officer Director 

/s/
 William Hunter 

Name: 
 William
 Hunter 

Title: 
 Independent
 Director 

/s/
 Douglas MacLellan 

Name: 
 Douglas
 MacLellan 

Title: 
 Independent
 Director 

/s/
 Douglas Cole 

Name: 
 Douglas
 Cole 

Title: 
 Director
 (Chairman of the Board) 

/s/
 David Batstone 

Name: 
 David
 Batstone 

Title: 
 Independent
 Director 

32 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 ex3-1.htm

Exhibit 3.1 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of American Battery Metals Corporation on Form S-3 (File No.
333-252492), and Form S-8 (File No. 333-257800) of our report dated October 13, 2021, with respect to our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of American Battery Metals Corporation as of June 30, 2021 and for the year then ended, which report is included
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of American Battery Metals Corporation for the year ended June 30, 2021. 

/s/
Marcum llp 

Marcum
 llp 

 Costa
Mesa, CA 

 October
13, 2021 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 4
 ex23-2.htm

Exhibit
23.2 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

American
Battery Metals Corporation 

 Reno,
NV 

We
hereby consent to the use in the Form 10-K of American Battery Metals Corporation, that was filed on or about October 13, 2021, of our
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, dated September 28, 2020, on the consolidated balance sheets of American Battery
Metals Corporation, as of June 30, 2020 and September 30, 2019, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders 
deficit, and cash flows for the nine months ended June 30, 2020 and twelve months ended September 30, 2019, which appear in such
Form 10-K. 

/s/
Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah 

Pinnacle
Accountancy Group of Utah 

 (a
dba of Heaton Company, PLLC) 

 Farmington,
Utah 

 October
13, 2021 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

The
certification required by Rule 13a-14a (17 CFR 240.13a-14(a)) or Rule 15d-14(a) (17CFR 240. 15d-14(a)) 

I,
Ryan Melsert, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Form 10-K of American Battery Metals Corporation (the Registrant ); 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act 13a-15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the Registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financing reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end to the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 
 The
 Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 October
 13, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/
 Ryan Melsert 

Ryan
 Melsert 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

The
certification required by Rule 13a-14a (17 CFR 240.13a-14(a)) or Rule 15d-14(a) (17CFR 240. 15d-14(a)) 

I,
David Corsaut, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Form 10-K of American Battery Metals Corporation (the Registrant ); 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act 13a-15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the Registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financing reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end to the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 
 The
 Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 October
 13, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/
 David Corsaut 

David
 Corsaut 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATE
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the annual report (the Report on the Form 10-K of American Battery Metals Corporation (the Company for the year ended June 30, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Ryan Melsert, Chief Executive
Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to
the best of my knowledge and belief: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2.
The information contained in this Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: 
 October
 13, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/
 Ryan Melsert 

Ryan
 Melsert 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATE
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the annual report (the Report on the Form 10-K of American Battery Metals Corporation (the Company for the year ended June 30, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, David Corsaut, Chief Financial
Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to
the best of my knowledge and belief: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2.
The information contained in this Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: 
 October
 13, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/
 David Corsaut 

David
 Corsaut 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 21
 abml-20210630.xml
 INLINE XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 22
 abml-20210630.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 23
 abml-20210630_cal.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 24
 abml-20210630_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 25
 abml-20210630_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 26
 abml-20210630_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

