<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211013_10-K_edgar_data_1006840_0001553350-21-000905.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3603010</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>168751</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>326931</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>998082</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1044404</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>944628</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001553350-21-000905.hdr.sgml : 20211013
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211013134945
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001553350-21-000905
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211013
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211013

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cang Bao Tian Xia International Art Trade Center, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001006840
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-MOTOR VEHICLES & MOTOR VEHICLE PARTS & SUPPLIES [5010]
		IRS NUMBER:				470925451
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-31091
		FILM NUMBER:		211320877

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5-1-1206 HEFENG JIANGAN, NIANQING RD.
		STREET 2:		MEILAN DISTRICT, HAIKOU
		CITY:			HAINAN PROVINCE
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			570203
		BUSINESS PHONE:		86-898-66186181

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5-1-1206 HEFENG JIANGAN, NIANQING RD.
		STREET 2:		MEILAN DISTRICT, HAIKOU
		CITY:			HAINAN PROVINCE
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			570203

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Zhongchai Machinery, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20101015

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EQUICAP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000717

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001553350-21-000905.txt : 20211013

10-K
 1
 cbao.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
DC 20549 

FORM
10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the year ended June 30, 2021 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from __________ to
 __________ 

Commission
file number: 000-31091 

CANG
BAO TIAN XIA INTERNATIONAL ART TRADE CENTER, INC. 

 (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Nevada 
 47-0925451 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction
 of 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 
 incorporation or organization) 
 Identification No.) 

Unit
609, Shengda Plaza, No. 61 Guoxing Ave., Meilan District, Hainan Province, China 570203 

 (Address
of principal executive offices, Zip Code) 

Registrant's
telephone number, including area code: 86-898-66186181 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None. 

Title
 of each class 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common
Stock, 0.001 par value. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated
 filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-af liates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was 50,448,375. 

The
number of shares of registrant s common stock outstanding as of October 13, 2021 was 110,319,245. 

FORM
10-K 

 CANG
BAO TIAN XIA INTERNATIONAL ART TRADE CENTER, INC. 

June
30, 2021 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business . 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 11 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 11 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 11 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 11 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 11 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 12 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data. 
 13 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 13 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 15 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 15 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 16 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 16 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 17 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 18 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 18 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 19 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 19 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 20 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 21 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 21 

i 

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Some
discussions in this Annual Report on Form 10-K contain forward-looking statements that have been made pursuant to the provisions of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks and uncertainties and relate to future events or future
financial performance. A number of important factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any
forward-looking statements made by us in this Form 10-K. Forward-looking statements are often identified by words such as believe, 
 expect, estimate, anticipate, intend, project, plans, 
 seek and similar expressions or words which, by their nature, refer to future events. In some cases, you can also identify
forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, will, should, plans, predicts, 
 potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. 

These
forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause
our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future
results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In addition, you are
directed to factors discussed in the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
section as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels
of activity or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend
to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. However, readers should carefully review
the reports and documents the Company files from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), particularly
the Company s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and any Current Reports on Form 8-K. All written and oral forward-looking statements
made subsequent to the date of this report and attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety
by this section. 

As
used in this Form 10-K, we, us, and our refer to Cang Bao Tian Xia International Art Trade
Center, Inc., which is also sometimes referred to as the Company. 

YOU
SHOULD NOT PLACE UNDUE RELIANCE ON THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

The
forward-looking statements made in this report on Form 10-K relate only to events or information as of the date on which the statements
are made in this report on Form 10-K. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, after the date on which the statements are made or to
reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. You should read this report and the documents that we reference in this report, including
documents referenced by incorporation, completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different
from what we expect or hope. 

ii 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS. 

On
July 27, 2020 (the Closing Date ), we entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the Exchange Agreement by
and among (i) the Company, (ii) Zhi Yuan Limited, a Cayman Islands company Cayman Company ), and (iii) the three beneficial
shareholders of Cayman Company (each, a Cayman Company Shareholder and collectively, the Cayman Company Shareholders ). 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Exchange Agreement, the Cayman Company Shareholders agreed to sell to Cang Bao, and Cang Bao agreed to purchase,
all shares of Cayman Company held by them, which shares represent 100 of the issued and outstanding shares of Cayman Company. In exchange,
Cang Bao agreed to issue to the Cayman Company Shareholders an aggregate of 75,000,000 shares of Cang Bao common stock, representing
approximately 67.98 of Cang Bao s total issued and outstanding common stock (the Share Exchange ). 

Our
directors approved the Exchange Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby. Simultaneously, the directors of Cayman Company
also approved the Exchange Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby. The Share Exchange closed on July 27, 2020. Both Yaqin
Fu, who is the wife of one of our directors, and Mr. Xingtao Zhou, our President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chairman
of the Board and principal shareholder, were Cayman Company Shareholders who exchanged their Cayman Company shares for shares of the
Company. After giving effect to the Share Exchange, Mr. Zhou owns 59,839,271 shares of our common stock, which represents 54.24 of our
outstanding common stock, and 100 of our issued and outstanding preferred shares. 

As
a result of the Share Exchange, Cayman Company became our wholly owned subsidiary and we are its public holding company. After giving
effect to the Share Exchange, the Company acquired 100 of the assets and operations of Cayman Company and its subsidiaries, the business
and operations of which now constitutes our primary business and operations. After giving effect to the Share Exchange, we own 100 of
the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Cayman Company. Cayman Company is a holding company that owns Cangyun (Hong Kong)
Limited Hong Kong Company ), which in turn owns and controls Shanghai Cangyun Management Consulting Co., Ltd. Management
Consulting ), which has entered into contractual agreements to control Hainan Cangbao Tianxia Cultural Relic Co., Ltd. Hainan and Cangbao Tianxia (Shanghai) Cultural Relic Co., Ltd. Tianxia Cultural Relic, and together with Hainan, the Target
Companies or VIEs ). 

The
Exchange Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, covenants and conditions for a transaction of this type for the benefit
of the parties. 

For
federal income tax purposes, it is intended that the Share Exchange qualify as a reorganization under the provisions of Section 368(a)
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). However, we did not obtain any tax opinion and there can be
no assurance that our intent that the Share Exchange qualify as a reorganization under the provisions of Section 368(a) of the Code is
correct. Cayman Company is considered the acquirer for accounting and financial reporting purposes. The assets and liabilities of Cayman
Company have been brought forward at their book value and no goodwill has been recognized. As a result of the acquisition of all the
issued and outstanding shares of Cayman Company, we assumed Cayman Company s business operations as our own. 

The
description of the Exchange Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Exchange Agreement does not purport to be complete and
is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Exchange Agreement filed as Exhibit 2.1 to our Form 8-K filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 27, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference. 

Immediately
prior to the closing of the Share Exchange described above pursuant to which Cayman Company became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company,
the Company was a shell company, as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act ). As of July 27, 2020, we were no longer a shell. Item 2.01(f) of Form 8-K states that if the registrant
was a shell company, such as the Company was immediately before the Share Exchange, then the registrant must disclose on
a Current Report on Form 8-K the information that would be required if the registrant were filing a general form for registration of
securities on Form 10. Accordingly, this Current Report on Form 8-K includes all of the information that would be included in a Form
10. 

1 

The
Share Exchange was accounted as a business combination under common control, in which all of the combining entities or businesses are
ultimately controlled by the same party or parties, both before and after the business combination, and that control is not transitory.
The business combination under common control of accounting is based on the historical consolidated financial statements of the Company
and Cayman Company. In accordance with ASC 805-50-45-5, for transactions between entities under common control, financial statements
and financial information presented for prior periods have been retroactively adjusted to furnish comparative information. The financial
statements are presented retrospectively, as though the Share Exchange Agreement between the Company and Cayman Company occurred at the
beginning of the first period presented. 

Corporate
History 

Cang
Bao 

Cang
Bao was incorporated in the State of Nevada on March 13, 2002, as Equicap, Inc. Equicap ), for the purpose of entering
into a merger with and re-domiciling its predecessor, Equicap, Inc., a California corporation Equicap California ). Effective
January 25, 2005, Equicap California was merged with and into Equicap in a statutory merger based on management's belief that Nevada
law is more advantageous to a corporation than California law. Equicap was considered a blank check company until its March 2007 acquisition
of Usunco Automotive Limited, a British Virgin Islands company Usunco ). Equicap, Inc. changed its name to Zhongchai Machinery,
Inc. Zhongchai or the Company on May 21, 2010. 

Zhongchai,
a Nevada corporation, was a manufacturer and distributor of gears and gearboxes and drive axles that were marketed and sold to equipment
manufacturers in China. 

On
July 6, 2007, the Board of Directors of Zhejiang Zhongchai Machinery Co., Ltd. Zhejiang Zhongchai ), the China based and
75 owned subsidiary of the Company, approved and finalized an Exchange Agreement Exchange Agreement with Xinchang Keyi
Machinery Co., Ltd., Keyi a corporation incorporated in the People s Republic of China PRC ). Pursuant
to the Exchange Agreement, Zhejiang Zhongchai purchased all the outstanding equity of Zhejiang Shengte Transmission Co., Ltd. Shengte from Keyi, the sole owner of Shengte, for approximately 3.7 million. 

On
March 7, 2007, the Company and Usunco Automotive, Ltd. Usunco ), a British Virgin Islands company, entered into an agreement
(the Usunco Agreement which was consummated on March 9, 2007. Under the terms of the Usunco Agreement, the Company acquired
all of the outstanding equity securities of Usunco in exchange for 18,323,944 shares of the Company s common stock. 

Because
the Company had been a public shell company prior to the Usunco Agreement, that share exchange was treated as a recapitalization of the
Company. As such, the historical financial information prior to that share exchange was that of Usunco and its subsidiaries. Historical
share amounts were restated to reflect the effect of that share exchange. 

On
June 18, 2006, Usunco acquired 100 of IBC Automotive Products Inc IBC ), a California Corporation as of May 14, 2004 (date
of inception), through the issuance of 28 of Usunco s shares. IBC was considered a predecessor business to Usunco
as its operations constituted the business activities of Usunco formed to consummate the acquisition of IBC. The consolidated financial
statements reflected all predecessor statements of income and cash flow activities from the inception of IBC in May 2004. 

On
June 15, 2009, IBC was sold to certain management persons of IBC in exchange for the following: (i) the cancellation of an aggregate
of 555,994 shares of common stock of the Company which those individuals owned, and (ii) the payment of 60,000 in installments pursuant
to the terms of an unsecured promissory note, the final payment of which was made on November 15, 2010. As part of the transaction, the
Company cancelled 428,261 through the closing date, of inter-company debt which funds had been used in the business of IBC prior to
the transaction. 

On
September 22, 2009, Xinchang Xian Lisheng Machinery Co., Ltd. Lisheng was incorporated by Zhejiang Zhongchai and two
individual investors. The total registered capital of Lisheng was RMB 5 million, of which Zhejiang Zhongchai accounted for 60 . The Company
started production of die casting products in 2010 for use in gearboxes, diesel engines and other machinery products. 

2 

On
December 16, 2009, Zhongchai Machinery and its wholly owned subsidiaries, Usunco and Zhongchai Holding (Hong Kong) Limited, a Hong Kong
company Zhongchai Holding ), took action to approve transfer of the shares of Zhejiang Zhongchai Machinery Co., from Usunco
to Zhongchai Holding. The transfer was completed on December 23, 2009. The purpose of the transfer was to take advantage of the tax treaty
between the PRC and the Special Administrative Region of Hong Kong which reduces the withholding tax rate of the PRC on payments to entities
outside of China. Usunco, which no longer had any assets after transferring all of them to Zhongchai Holding, was subsequently dissolved.
The consolidated financial statements accounted for Zhejiang Zhongchai Machinery Co., in the same manner as before the transfer of the
ownership. Shareholder approval by the shareholders of Zhongchai Machinery was not required under Nevada law, as there was no sale of
all or substantially all the assets of the Company. The shareholder ownership and shareholder rights of Zhongchai Machinery remained
the same as before the transaction. 

On
April 26, 2010, Zhongchai Holding (Hong Kong) Limited. Zhongchai Holding ), which owned 75 of the equity in Zhejiang Zhongchai
Machinery Co., Ltd. Zhejiang Zhongchai ), executed an agreement (the Zhejiang Agreement with Xinchang Keyi
Machinery Co., Ltd., Keyi a corporation incorporated in the PRC. Pursuant to the Zhegiang Agreement, Zhongchai Holding
purchased the residual 25 equity of Zhejiang Zhongchai Machinery Co., Ltd. Zhejiang Zhongchai from Keyi, for 2.6 million.
The Zhegiang Agreement was approved by the local government agency and a new business license was issued as a Wholly Foreign Owned Enterprise. 

On
July 26, 2011, the Company held a Special Meeting of Shareholders. At the Special Meeting, the Company s shareholders approved
the termination the Company s periodic reporting obligations under the Exchange Act, thereby foregoing many of the expenses associates
with operating as a public company subject to SEC reporting obligations. Three days later, the Company terminated its registration with
the Securities and Exchange Commission. Following such termination, the Company became dormant. 

On
July 27, 2011, the Company approved a 1-for-120 reverse stock split of its then outstanding shares of the Company s Common Stock. 

On
May 11, 2018, the Eighth Judicial District Court of Nevada appointed Custodian Ventures, LLC as custodian for Zhongchai Machinery, Inc.,
proper notice having been given to the officers and directors of Zhongchai Machinery, Inc. There was no opposition. 

On
May 16, 2018, the Company filed a Certificate of Revival with the State of Nevada, appointing David Lazar as President, Secretary, Treasurer
and sole Director. On June 19, 2018, the Company issued 3,096,200 shares of common stock to David Lazar, at par value of 0.001, for
services valued at 3,096.20, and issued 10,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to David Lazar, at par value of 0.001, for services
valued at 4,000,000. 

On
December 28, 2018, a change of control of the Company took place. Mr. Xingtao Zhou acquired all 10,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred
Stock previously owned by Mr. Lazar; and Mr. Zhou and Yaqin Fu acquired, respectively, 2,432,351 and 663,849 common shares previously
owned by Mr. Lazar, who resigned as an officer and director and appointed Mr. Zhou as a director, CEO and CFO, and appointed Ms. Fu s
husband, Liang Tan, as a director. 

On
January 8, 2019, by majority consent of its principal shareholders, the Company changed its corporate name in Nevada from Zhongchai Machinery,
Inc. to Cang Bao Tian Xia International Art Trade Center, Inc., its current name; and shortly thereafter, the Company s trading
symbol was changed to TXCB. 

3 

At
the closing of the Share Exchange on July 27, 2020, Cayman Company became our wholly owned subsidiary and we are its public holding company.
Prior to the Share Exchange, we were a shell, as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. We had
no active business, and virtually no assets. 

After
giving effect to the Share Exchange, the Company acquired 100 of the assets and operations of Cayman Company and its subsidiaries, the
business and operations of which now constitute our primary business and operations. After giving effect to the Share Exchange, we own
100 of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Cayman Company. Cayman Company is a holding company that owns Hong Kong
Company, which in turn owns and controls Management Consulting, which has entered into contractual agreements to control the Target Companies. 

Cayman
Company 

Cayman
Company was incorporated under the laws of Cayman Islands on April 15, 2019 to serve as an investment holding company, and Hong Kong
was incorporated under the laws of Hong Kong by Cayman Company on May 22, 2019. 

Overview
of Cayman Company Business 

Any
references to the Company, we, us, our or words of similar import in this Overview
of Cayman Company Business section refer to Cayman Company. 

The
Cang Bao Tian Xia International Art Trade Center (the Center is a cultural service platform dedicated to creating industry
standards for art investment and creating a model of online art exchanges and transactions, which allows collectors, artists, art dealers
and owners to access a much larger art trading market, allowing them to engage with a wide range of collectibles or artwork investors.
The online platform enables our customers to buy, sell, store and invest in various artworks, mostly antiques and some modern paintings.
The words Cang Bao Tian Xia in our corporate name mean Treasure World in English. 

We
currently facilitate trading by individual customers of all kinds of collectibles, artworks and commodities on our online platforms,
which are owned by the Center. We commenced our operations in March 2019, and our customer trading volume was growing rapidly until the
advent of COVID-19. We currently have approximately 1000 customers who regularly visit our website. Currently, Shanghai and Hainan are
the Center s operating branches. 

We
provide customers of our online platform with comprehensive services, including account opening, art investment education, market information,
research, real-time customer support, and artwork warehousing services. Most services are delivered online through our proprietary client
software and call center. Our client software, which has an app version available for both IOS and Android, provides not only market
information and analysis, but also interactive functions including live auction house, live discussion boards, live video conference
room, blogs to post and share artwork and instant messaging with other art collectors and customer service representatives, which we
believe enhances our customers engagement. 

4 

Corporate
Structure 

Our
current corporate structure is set forth below: 

Our
Strategy 

We
strive to continue building a collectible and artwork trading platform that is highly trusted by individual customers. To achieve this
objective, we are implementing the following strategies: 

strengthen our brand and
 market position; 

introduce new collectibles
 and artwork products; 

explore mini-account business; 

selectively explore acquisition
 opportunities; and 

continue to attract, cultivate
 and retain talent. 

Variable
Interest Entity Arrangements 

In
establishing our business, we have used a variable interest entity VIE structure. In the PRC, investment activities by
foreign investors are principally governed by the Guidance Catalog of Industries for Foreign Investment, which was promulgated and is
amended from time to time by the PRC Ministry of Commerce MOC ), and the PRC National Development and Reform Commission
(the NDRC ). In June 2018, the Guidance Catalog of Industries for Foreign Investment was replaced by the Special Administrative
Measures (Negative List) for Foreign Investment Access (2018 Version) (the Negative List ). The Negative List divides industries
into two categories: restricted and prohibited. Industries not listed in the Negative List are generally open to foreign investment unless
specifically restricted by other PRC regulations. Our Company and Management Consulting are considered as foreign investors or foreign
invested enterprises under PRC law. 

5 

Although
the business we conduct or will conduct through each VIE is not within the category in which foreign investment is currently restricted
under the Negative List or other PRC Laws, we expect that in the future, the Target Companies will engage in marketing survey services
for online marketplaces. Marketing survey services are within the category in which foreign investment is restricted pursuant to the
Negative List. In addition, we intend to centralize our management and operation in the PRC to avoid being restricted in conducting certain
business activities which are important for our current or future business but are currently restricted or might be restricted in the
future. As such, we believe the agreements between Management Consulting and each VIE are necessary and essential for our business operation.
These contractual arrangements with each VIE and its shareholders enable us to exercise effective control over the VIEs and hence consolidate
their financial results as our VIE. 

In
our case, Management Consulting effectively assumed management of the business activities of each our VIEs through a series of agreements
which are referred to as the VIE Agreements. The VIE Agreements are comprised of a series of agreements, including the Management Consultation
Service Agreement, dated August 8, 2019, by and among Management Consulting, the VIEs and the three Cayman Company Shareholders, (the
 Management Agreement ), the Equity Pledge Agreement, dated August 8, 2019, by and among Management Consulting, the Target
Companies and the three Cayman Company Shareholders (the Pledge Agreement ), the Call Option Agreement, dated August 8,
2019, by and among Management Consulting, the Target Companies and the three Cayman Company Shareholders (the Option Agreement and the Proxy Agreement , dated August 8, 2019, by and among Management Company, the Target Companies and the three Cayman Company Shareholders,
(the Proxy Agreement ). Through the VIE Agreements, Management Consulting has the right to advise, consult, manage and operate
the VIEs for an annual consulting service fee in the amount of 100 of the VIEs net profit. The shareholders of the VIEs have
pledged all of their right, title and equity interest in the VIEs as security for Management Consulting to collect consulting services
fees provided to the VIEs through the Pledge Agreement. In order to further reinforce Management Consulting s right to control
and operate the VIEs, the VIEs shareholders have granted Management Consulting an exclusive right and option to acquire all of
their equity interests in the VIE through the Pledge Agreement. 

Management
Consulting has entered into a series of VIE agreements with the Target Companies shareholders, upon the same material terms as
described above. The material terms of the VIE Agreements with the Target Companies are as follows: 

Management
Consultation Service Agreement. Pursuant to the Management Consultation Service Agreement between (a) Management Consulting, and
(b) Hainan Cangbao Tianxia Cultural Relic Co., Ltd. and Cangbao Tianxia (Shanghai) Cultural Relic Co. (the Target Companies 
or VIEs ), dated August 8, 2019, Management Consulting has the exclusive right to provide consultation and services to the
Target Companies in the areas of funding, human resources, technology and intellectual property rights. For such services, the Target
Companies have agreed to pay service fees in the amount of 100 of their net income, and also have the obligation to absorb 100 of their
own losses. Management Consulting exclusively owns any intellectual property rights arising from the performance of this Management Consultation
Service Agreement. The Management Consultation Service Agreement terminates at the same time as the Equity Pledge Agreement, described
in the next paragraph. 

Equity
Pledge Agreement . Pursuant to the Equity Pledge Agreement dated August 8, 2019, among Management Consulting, the Target Companies,
the Target Companies shareholders, who are our CEO Mr. Zhou, Yaqin Fu (the wife of Liang Tan, a director of the Company), and
Wei Wang (also, the Pledgors ), each of three persons pledged all of their equity interests in the Target Companies to Management
Consulting to guarantee the Target Companies performance of relevant obligations and indebtedness under the Management Consultation
Service Agreement and the other control agreements (collectively, the Control Agreements ). If the Pledgors breach their
obligations under the Control Agreements, Management Consulting, as pledgee, will be entitled to certain rights, including the right
to dispose of the pledged equity interests in order to recover the damages associated with such breaches. The Pledgors obligations
shall be continuously valid until all of the Pledgors are no longer shareholders of the Target Companies, or until the satisfaction of
all of the Pledgors obligations under the Control Agreements. 

Call
Option Agreement. Pursuant to the Call Option Agreement among Management Consulting, the Target Companies and the Pledgors, dated
August 8, 2019, Management Consulting has the exclusive right to require that the Pledgors fulfill and complete all approval and registration
procedures required under PRC laws for Management Consulting to purchase, or designate one or more persons to purchase, such shareholders 
equity interests in the Target Companies , in one or multiple transactions, at any time or from time to time, at Management Consulting s
sole and absolute discretion. The purchase price shall be the lowest price allowed by PRC laws. The Equity Option Agreements shall remain
effective until all the equity interests in the Target Companies owned by the Pledgors have been legally transferred to Management Consulting
or its designee(s). 

6 

Proxy
Agreement. Pursuant to the Proxy Agreement among Management Consulting, the Pledgors and the Target Companies, dated August 8, 2019,
the Pledgors irrevocably appointed Management Consulting or Management Consulting s designee to exercise all of their rights as
a shareholder of the Target Companies, including but not limited to the power to exercise all such shareholder s voting rights
with respect to all matters to be discussed and voted in shareholder meetings of the Target Companies. The Proxy Agreement remains effective
until all equity interests in the Target Companies owned by the Pledgors have been legally transferred to Management Consulting or its
designee(s). 

Business
Model 

Operation
Description 

 . 

 The
operation team defined the unique operation mode of 3+1 of Cangbao Tian Xia as the core orientation of the project. The closed
loop of project operation was achieved through interlocking organic logic, and the revenue generation prospect of the project is being
realized through the close combination of financial means and member ports. Since its inception, Cang Bao Tian Xia has developed from
a single offline product line to rapidly growing product diversification in multiple regions in mainland China. The Treasure World-created
online App is geared to the needs of the market, as a new window to be multiplied by the rapid development of Internet and the Internet
of things change, to the developing trend of our brand platform, thus effectively expanding the flow ports and enhancing the capacity
of solid flow, i.e., the flow member , collection flow and capital flow. At the same time, with the
help of cooperative insurance guarantee social credibility behind the brand influence, our professional appraisal team identifies trading
opportunities, eventually to form an objects, people, gold ideal situation of the inner loop. 

We
believe that the characteristics and style of the Chinese consumer market will directly determine the treasure of the Treasure
World, and will create the financial services needed to get the full extent of the consumer market acceptance and highest market sense
of affinity, loan products and financial services within the Chinese consumer market demand in the global consumer market. 

Becoming
a member of the Treasure World is a very low threshold for consumer groups in the market to access the Treasure Circle. We believe that
the lowering of entry standards will not have an impact on industry or brand endorsements, and instead, it will introduce our Company
as the most professional collection appraisal agency providing appraisal services for collections on the platform and world-class insurance
companies providing high-quality assessment guarantees for collections and transactions on the platform. Therefore, with the people-friendly
standards of the Treasure World, stronger brand endorsements and market recognition and satisfaction will grow. And at the same time,
with our appraisals, transactions and other links performed inside our brand platform, our membership will continue to grow and reflect
the significance of the Treasure World. 

7 

We
believe that the advantages of membership creation are reflected in several aspects: 

First,
 the new online app and offline access port makes it easier for unfamiliar persons in the
 market to become members, and the simple and convenient operation process enhances the members'
 experience and identity multiples. 

Second,
 with the credibility of world-class insurance brands behind the Treasure World, the pure
 collection appraisal trading platform service will become a world-class professional collection
 comprehensive ecosystem. Through professional guarantees, any member, any collection and
 any transaction can be carried out in a safe, just and strong environment, increase membership,
 collections and capital market behavior from hierarchy to another level, to enhance the experience
 and guarantee protection. 

Third,
 members can make financial investments in any collection in the platform built by the brand,
 avoiding the situation of collection value-added income that can only be achieved by owning
 a collection independently. Membership broadens the traditional restrictions of the industry,
 and allow any member to effectively invest in any collection in which the member is interested,
 and receive the corresponding benefits brought by the increase in the value of the collection
 in the market; 

Fourth,
 transactions of all collections in which all members of the brand platform to
 which they belong will be conducted under the effective supervision of the platform,
 which enhances the protection of member transactions, and at the same time, carries out effective
 regular flow of capital within the platform. The effective flow of collections under the
 platform can bring non-member consumer groups in the market organically into the platform,
 and thus become effective registered members of the platform. At the same time, members in
 the platform display their collections to the platform, thereby forming the mutual promotional
 effect of members pulling new collections, collections carrying new members positively
 guiding the organic cycle. 

Fifth,
 the effective expansion of new members will be guided by the platform's active policy during
 the operation of the platform, encouraging new members to actively join, thus rapidly growing
 and changing the platform as currently established. The platform's evaluation of the number
 of final members is unpredictable, because the openness of the platform will determine that
 the port to enter the platform is infinite, because the professionalism of the platform will
 determine that the endorsement of the platform will occupy the mainstream position in the
 market, and because the circulation of the platform will determine that the amount of resources
 lost by the platform will be minimal. Therefore, in terms of the acquisition of new members
 and the reciprocating operation of various links within the platform, we believe that the
 operation mechanism of Booty World will make it a leading brand in the global consumer market.

Professional
Appraisal 

Behind
the brand, there are national and internationally recognized professional appraisal experts to ensure that each piece of collection is
well-documented and real, after passing the treasure appraisal, and are responsible for each piece of art collection. 

Professional
Team 

Treasure
World has what it believes is a very professional appraisal team. We have retained domestic and international talents in the process
of forming the team, so that Treasure World is filled with world-class talents in all fields and positions. In terms of warehousing and
storage, financial services, operation planning, cross-industry cooperation, etc., high-quality talents have formed an
outstanding team. In 2018, the Treasure World section of the treasure track recorded by Treasure World began broadcasting
on 9 Chinese TV stations across the country, premiering on Saturdays throughout the year and rebroadcasting on Sundays, 

In
2019, Treasure World launched this section on television stations in various provinces across the country to better serve global collectors. 

8 

The
industry's first to adopt VR 2.0 technology, 360 + 720 display collections, global collections online touch 
collection textures, effectively captures the eyes of global collection experts, collection enthusiasts and outsiders, through offline

promotion. This unique model for the industry has effectively reduced the industry threshold for the collection industry. At the same
time, we use VR 2.0 technology to achieve part of the transparency of the collection information. The most professional technology products
of the society at this stage are used in the Treasure World industry. Psychology collects a large number of new treasure enthusiasts
and effectively increases market share. 

Profit
 M odel 

Our
member system is an exclusive online service system created by Treasure World, which responds to the original intention of Treasure World:
standardizing the transactions of the collection industry and providing professional art consulting services for collectors. In order
to meet the needs of different collectors, Treasure World has comprehensively upgraded its service package system to provide personalized
 collection- certification-marketing services. 

A. Profit
 model: service package 

 Including
the business of appraisal of treasures, consignment of APPs, etc., the situation of packaging services with different types of services,
civilianization of profit points, allowing more people outside the industry to understand and use treasures through the new service model; 

B. Profit
 model: collection and storage 

 The
Company s professional storage and custody service allows those who have treasures in their homes, but are limited by venues and
conditions, to accept their collections into one of the world's most professional collection
management systems, lowering the threshold and making them available to everyone; 

C. Profit
 model: Treasure consignment 

 Our
Professional appraisal team, professional output resources, etc., enables each piece of collection to be commissioned on the safest,
most professional and authoritative platform for agency storage and evaluation transactions; 

D. Profit
 model: financial loan. 

 Our
authoritative guarantee group and professional financial team can maximize the commercial value of the user's collections within a reasonable
range, but also connect users with high-quality financial solutions, thus generating the highest quality services will generate maximum
commercial value; 

E. Profit
 model: underwriting agreement 

 We
provide an integrated service, from the examination of a person s collection to the
docking transaction, and a transaction guarantee after the transaction is completed, to achieve an excellent service experience without
worry; 

F. Profit
 model: All-in-one advertising 

 Our
market resources organically and effectively dock the most cutting-edge market promotion platforms, to maximize market promotion and
the most innovative publicity ports. We believe that consumers in the hunting market find
us to be an excellent publicity and promotional resource. 

G. Profit
 model: VR Museum 

 Our
offline VR (virtual reality) museum uses high-tech cutting-edge technology to lead consumer groups outside the industry to understand
the collection industry in depth and expand the channels for consumer sources. 

Employees 

We
currently employ 33 employees, consisting of 22 who are employed by Hainan and 11 of whom are employed by Shanghai Cangbao. Eight of
the 33 employees at the two locations are management personnel; 11 are employed by the Company s marketing department, who are
responsible for developing new customers and maintaining existing customers; and 14 are support and administrative staff. 

9 

Competition

The
art e-commerce market is highly competitive and many traditional art galleries and auction houses may provide a platform for artwork
owners to sell their collections. However, we believe that their trading model is substantially different from ours. As of August 31,
2020, we believe that there were at least five active art e-commerce platforms operating nationwide in China. These trading service providers
compete with each other for customers and trading volume based on factors including brand, technology, research and customer services. 

Although
some of our competitors have greater financial resources or larger customer bases than we do, we believe that our proprietary technology
platform, our comprehensive customer services and strong brand recognition in the industry will enable us to compete effectively in the
fast evolving art e-commerce trading industry in the PRC. 

Government
Regulation 

All
of our operations are located in China. Accordingly, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations are influenced
to a significant degree by political, economic and social conditions in China generally and by continued economic growth in China as
a whole, as to which there can be no assurance. 

Intellectual
Property 

The
Company owns the intellectual property of an APP and a customized tablet, which enable our customers to communicate and list artworks
to trade, as well as to facilitate membership enrollment and artworks trade. The Company also owns the domain name of www.txcb.com. 

Research
and Development 

In
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, we spent 0 on research and development of our APP and tablet. Our APP was launched on January
3, 2020, and was purchased from a third party, after research and development had been completed. The third party also provides ongoing
technical support and maintenance services. 

Marketing
Strategy 

Our
ability to establish effective marketing campaigns is the key to our success. Our advertisements promote our corporate image and our
services. We believe that effectively developing and maintaining awareness of our brand is critical to attracting new and retaining existing
clients. Successful promotion of our brand and our ability to attract quality clients depends largely on the effectiveness of our marketing
efforts and the success of the channels we use to promote our services. 

Corporate
Information 

Our
principal executive offices are located at Unit 609, Shengda Plaza, No. 61, Guoxing Ave. Meilan District, Hainan Province, China 570203. 

Our
telephone number at this address is (86) 898 66186181. Our registered office in the Cayman Islands is located at Sertus Chambers, Governors
Square, Suite# 5-204,23 Lime Tree Bay Avenue, P.O. Box 2547, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Island. Investors should contact us for any
inquiries through the address and telephone number of our principal executive offices. 

Our
website is www.txcb.com. The information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not a part of, and shall not be
deemed incorporated into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

10 

Reports
to Security Holders 

We
intend to furnish our shareholders annual reports containing financial statements audited by our independent registered public accounting
firm and to make available quarterly reports containing unaudited financial statements for each of the first three quarters of each year.
We file Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Current Reports on Form 8-K with the SEC in order to meet our
timely and continuous disclosure requirements. We may also file additional documents with the SEC if they become necessary in the course
of our Company s operations. 

The
public may read and copy any materials that we file with the SEC at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington,
D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The
SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that
file electronically with the SEC. The address of that site is www.sec.gov. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS. 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information
under this item. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES. 

Prior
to the Share Exchange, the Company s headquarters were located at 5-1-1206 Hefeng Jiangan, Nianqing Rd. Meilan District, Hainan
Province, China 570203. Since the Share Exchange, the Company no longer uses the foregoing property. 

Effective
as of the closing of the Share Exchange, the Company s principal office is located at Unit 609, Shengda Plaza, No. 61, Guoxing
Ave. Meilan District, Hainan Province, China 570203. We rent 2,100 square feet of office space at that location from an unaffiliated
landlord. Our lease expires on December 31, 2021; annual rent is 40,000. We also rent an office, which is approximately 1,700 square
feet, in Shanghai from an unaffiliated landlord; the annual rent is 34,600 and the lease expires on July 15, 2022. 

In
addition, we rent space in Shanghai and Chengdu as storage spaces to display our artworks. Our storage space in Shanghai, which is located
in the historic town of Zhu Jia Jiao, is approximately 4,300 square feet. Because that space is used as a nonprofit museum, we are able
to lease the space from the local township at no cost; that lease expires on December 31, 2021. Our VR museum, which is approximately
7,500 square feet, is located in Chengdu, and is leased from an unaffiliated landlord; the lease expires on March 13, 2022, and annual
rent is 336,000. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

None. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not
applicable. 

11 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market
Information 

Our
trading symbol on OTC Markets is TXCB. However, there is no established public trading market for our securities and a regular trading
market may not develop, or if developed, may not be sustained. A stockholder in all likelihood, therefore, will not be able to resell
his or her securities should he or he desire to do so when eligible for public resale. Furthermore, it is unlikely that a lending institution
will accept our securities as pledged collateral for loans unless a regular trading market develops. We have no plans, proposals, arrangements,
or understandings with any person with regard to the development of a trading market in any of our securities. 

Penny
Stock Considerations 

Our
shares likely will be penny stocks as that term is generally defined in the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder to mean equity securities with a price of less than 5.00. Our shares thus will be subject to rules that impose
sales practice and disclosure requirements on broker-dealers who engage in certain transactions involving a penny stock. 

Under
the penny stock regulations, a broker-dealer selling a penny stock to anyone other than an established customer or accredited investor
must make a special suitability determination regarding the purchaser and must receive the purchaser s written consent to the transaction
prior to the sale. Generally, an individual with a net worth in excess of 1,000,000 (not including the principal residence) or annual
income exceeding 200,000 individually or 300,000 together with his or her spouse is considered an accredited investor. In addition,
under the penny stock regulations the broker-dealer is required to: 

Deliver, prior
 to any transaction involving a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC relating to the penny stock market, unless
 the broker-dealer or the transaction is otherwise exempt; 

Disclose commissions payable
 to the broker-dealer and our registered representatives and current bid and offer quotations for the securities; 

Send monthly statements
 disclosing recent price information pertaining to the penny stock held in a customer s account, the account s value and
 information regarding the limited market in penny stocks; and 

Make a special written
 determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement
 to the transaction, prior to conducting any penny stock transaction in the customer s account. 

Because
of these regulations, broker-dealers may encounter difficulties in their attempt to sell shares of our Common Stock, which may affect
the ability of stockholders to sell their shares in the secondary market and have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity
in the secondary market. These additional sales practice and disclosure requirements could impede the sale of our securities.. In addition,
the liquidity for our securities may be decreased, with a corresponding decrease in the price of our securities. Our shares in all probability
will be subject to such penny stock rules and our stockholders will, in all likelihood, find it difficult to sell their securities. 

Stockholders 

As
of the date of this Annual Report, we had 151 holders of record of our Common Stock. 

12 

Dividends 

We
have not declared any cash dividends on our Common Stock since our inception and do not anticipate paying such dividends in the foreseeable
future. Any decisions as to future payments of dividends will depend on our earnings and financial position and such other facts, as
the Board of Directors deems relevant. 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information
under this item. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

This
discussion summarizes the significant factors affecting the operating results, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows of the Company
for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020. The discussion and analysis that follows should be read together with our financial
statements and the notes to the financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except for historical information,
the matters discussed in this section are forward looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties and are based upon judgments
concerning various factors that are beyond the Company s control. Consequently, and because forward-looking statements are inherently
subject to risks and uncertainties, the actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in
the forward-looking statements. You are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this report. 

Business
Development 

On
July 27, 2020 (the Closing Date ), we entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the Exchange Agreement by
and among (i) the Company, (ii) Zhi Yuan Limited, a Cayman Islands company Cayman Company ), and (iii) the three beneficial
shareholders of Cayman Company (each, a Cayman Company Shareholder and collectively, the Cayman Company Shareholders ).
Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, we issued to the Cayman Company Shareholders an aggregate of 75,000,000 shares of Cang Bao common
stock, representing approximately 67.98 of Cang Bao s total issued and outstanding common stock (the Share Exchange ). 

As
a result of the Share Exchange, Cayman Company became our wholly owned subsidiary and we are its public holding company. After giving
effect to the Share Exchange, the Company acquired 100 of the assets and operations of Cayman Company and its subsidiaries, the business
and operations of which now constitutes our primary business and operations. After giving effect to the Share Exchange, we own 100 of
the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Cayman Company. Cayman Company is a holding company that owns Cangyun (Hong Kong)
Limited Hong Kong Company ), which in turn owns and controls Shanghai Cangyun Management Consulting Co., Ltd. Management
Consulting ), which has entered into contractual agreements to control Hainan Cangbao Tianxia Cultural Relic Co., Ltd. Hainan and Cangbao Tianxia (Shanghai) Cultural Relic Co., Ltd. Tianxia Cultural Relic, and together with Hainan, the Target
Companies or VIEs ). 

The
Company now operates an online and offline cultural exchange service platform, through which we are dedicated to create industry standards
for art investment and to create a model of online art exchanges and transactions, which allows collectors, artists, art dealers and
owners to access a much larger art trading market, allowing them to engage with a wide range of collectibles or artwork investors. 

Cang
Bao Tian Xia International Art Trade Center, Inc. has administrative offices located at Unit 609, Shengda Plaza, No. 61, Guoxing Ave.
Meilan District, Hainan Province, China 570203. 

The
Company s fiscal year end is June 30. 

13 

Critical
accounting policies and estimates 

Our
condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires
us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We continually
evaluate our estimates and judgments, our commitments to strategic alliance partners and the timing of the achievement of collaboration
milestones. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the
circumstances. All estimates, whether or not deemed critical, affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses,
as well as disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. These estimates and judgments are also based on historical experience and
other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Materially different results can occur as circumstances change
and additional information becomes known, even for estimates and judgments that are not deemed critical. 

Going
Concern 

The accompanying audited consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern; however, the Company has incurred a net loss of 8,445,157
for the year ended June 30, 2021. As of June 30, 2021, the Company had an accumulated deficit of 33,499,423, working capital deficit
of 17,113,370. 

The Company plans to continue its expansion and investments,
which will require continued improvements in revenue, net income, and cash flows. 

Results
of Operations 

Results
of Operations for the year ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

The
following table sets forth key components of Company s results of operations for the year ended June 30, 2021 and 2020. The discussion
following the table addresses these results. 

For the year Ended 
June 30, 

2021 

2020 

Fluctuation 

Net revenues 

1,303,486 

7,153,948 

(5,850,462) 

(81.8) 

Cost of revenues 

1,730,812 

4,005,174 

(2,274,362) 

(56.8) 

Gross margin 

(427,326) 

3,184,774 

(3,576,100) 

(113.6) 

Operating expenses 

7,681,231 

5,039,882 

2,641,349 

52.4 

Loss from operations 

(8,108,557) 

(1,891,108) 

(6,217,449) 

328.8 

Interest income 

7,699 

7,929 

(230) 

(2.9) 

Interest expense 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Other income (expense) 

(342,487) 

(64,139) 

(278,348) 

434.0 

Provision for income taxes expense 

1,812 

12,696 

(10,884) 

85.7 

Net loss 

(8,445,157) 

(1,960,014) 

(6,485,143) 

330.9 

Revenues. For the year ended
June 30, 2021 and 2020, we had revenue of 1,303,486 and 7,153,948 respectively, representing a decrease of 5,850,462 or 81.8 ,
which were derived from service package sales for the members and the sales and leasing income from multimedia tablets. The
significant decrease in revenue was due to there were decrease in revenue from service package in 2021. 

Cost of Revenue. For the year ended
June 30, 2021 and 2020, we had cost of revenue of 1,730,812 and 4,005,174 respectively, representing an decrease of 2,274,362 or 56.8 .
The cost of revenue represents costs of maintaining our platform such as network service artwork merchandise and gifts sent to members
and cost of multimedia tablets. The decrease in cost was in line with the decrease in revenue. 

Gross Margin. We generated gross
profit of (427,326) and 3,184,774 for the year ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, with a gross margin of (32.8) and 44.0 respectively. 

Operating expenses. The total
operating expenses was 7,681,231 and 5,039,882 for the year ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, representing an increase of 2,641,349 or
52.4 . The increase was mainly due to market expansion. 

Loss from Operations. For the year
ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, we had loss from operations of 8,108,557 and 1,891,108 respectively, representing an increase in loss
of 6,217,449 or 328.8 . 

Net loss. For the year ended June
30, 2021 and 2020, we had net loss of 8,445,157 and 1,960,014 respectively, representing a decrease of 6,485,143 or 330.9 . The increase
in net loss was mainly due to the decrease in sales revenues. 

14 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Working Capital Deficit. As of
June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company a working capital deficit of (17,113,370) and (4,739,357), respectively. 

Cash
Flows. The following is a summary of the Company s cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities: 

For the year ended 
June 30, 
2021 
 
 For the year ended 
June 30, 
2020 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 

(1,595,879) 

(1,567) 
 
 Net cash used in (provided by) investing activities 

(163,156) 

11,654 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

33,748 

78,671 

Effect of exchange rate change on cash 

215,197 

(438,545) 
 
 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

(1,510,090) 

(349,787) 

Operating
Activities. 

Net cash used
in operating activities was approximately 1.6 million for the year ended June 30, 2021, as compared
to approximately 1,567 net cash used in operating activities for the year ended June 30, 2020. Net cash used in operating activities
for the year ended June 30, 2021 was mainly due to the decrease of approximately 6.2 million accounts payable, the decrease of approximately
 3.6 million of accounts receivables, the increase of approximately 6.6 million of prepayments, and the increase of approximately 16.7
million of customer deposits, and the increase of approximately 1.1 million of other receivable - related party. 

Net cash used
in operating activities for the year ended June 30, 2020 was mainly due to the increase of approximately 7.8 million accounts payable,
the increase of approximately 3.4 million of accounts receivables, the increase of approximately 1.1 million of prepayments, and the
decrease of approximately 1.2 million of other payables and accrued liabilities. 

Investing
Activities. 

Net cash used
in investing activities was 163,156 for the year ended
June 30, 2021. Net cash used in investing activities mainly reflect disposal of intangible assets of 12,812, offset by purchases of equipment
of 175,968. 

Net cash provided
by investing activities was 11,654 for the year ended
June 30, 2020. Net cash provided by investing activities mainly reflect disposal of intangible assets of 5,155, offset by purchases of
equipment of 16,809. 

Financing
Activities. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was 33,748 and
 78,671 for the year ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, both of which referred
to the proceeds from related parties. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of June 30, 2021 and 2020, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K
promulgated under the Securities Act of 1934. 

Contractual
Obligations and Commitments 

As
of June 30, 2021 and 2020, we did not have any contractual obligations. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Our
significant accounting policies are described in the notes to our financial statements for the year ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, and
are included elsewhere in this report. 

ITEM 7A.
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM 8.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

Reference
is made to Pages F-1 through F-34 comprising a portion of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

15 

ITEM 9.
CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

There were no disagreements with our accountants
related to accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, internal controls or auditing scope or procedure during
the 2021 fiscal years. 

On April 5, 2021, the Company dismissed JLKZ
CPA LLP JLKZ ). The report issued by JLKZ dated October 13, 2020 related to its audit of our balance sheet as of June 30,
2020 and the related statement of operations, stockholder s deficit and cash flows for the year ending June 30, 2020 with an unqualified
opinion. 

Our decision to dismiss JLKZ is not the result
of any disagreement between us and JLKZ on matters of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope
or procedures. During our most recent fiscal years through the date of dismissal of JLKZ, there were no disagreements with JLKZ on any
matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedures, which disagreements, if
not resolved to the satisfaction of JLKZ, would have caused JLKZ to make a reference to the subject matter of the disagreement in connection
with its reports. Pursuant to the rules of the SEC applicable to smaller reporting companies, JLKZ was not required to provide an attestation
as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 

There were no reportable events (as that
term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K) during our most recent fiscal years through the date of dismissal of JLKZ. Our
Board of Directors discussed the subject matter referred to above with JLKZ. We authorized JLKZ to respond fully and without limitation
to all requests of our successor accountant concerning all matters related to the annual and interim periods audited and reviewed by JLKZ,
including with respect to the subject matter of any reportable event. 

Effective on April 5, 2021 and with the approval
of our Board of Directors, we have engaged WWC, P.C. WWC ), as our new registered independent public accountant. During
the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company did not consult with WWC regarding (i) the application of accounting principles to a specified
transaction, (ii) the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company s financial statements by WWC, in either case
where written or oral advice provided by WWC would be an important factor considered by us in reaching a decision as to any accounting,
auditing or financial reporting issues or (iii) any other matter that was the subject of a disagreement between us and our former auditor
or was a reportable event (as described in Items 304(a)(1)(iv) or Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K, respectively). 

ITEM 9A.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, Xingtao Zhou, who is our Chairman, Founder, Chief executive officer and
Chief financial officer, as of June 30, 2021, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined
under Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Based on this evaluation,
our Chief Executive Officer has concluded that, based on the material weaknesses discussed below, our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective as of such date to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the
Securities Exchange Act were recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange
Act Commission's rules and forms and that our disclosure controls are not effectively designed to ensure that information required to
be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management,
including our Chief Executive Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

16 

Management's
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. As defined in Rules 13a-15(f) under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of,
Xingtao Zhou, the Company's Chief Executive Officer, and effected by the Company's board of directors, management and other personnel,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with GAAP. 

The
Company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records,
that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company's assets; (2) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the
Company's management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use or disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting at June 30, 2021. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on that assessment under
those criteria, management has determined that, as of June 30, 2021, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective. 

Our
internal controls are not effective for the following reasons: (i) there is an inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control
objectives as management is comprised of only two persons, one of which is the Company's principal executive officer and principal financial
officer and, (ii) the Company does not have an audit committee with a financial expert, and thus the Company lacks the board oversight
role within the financial reporting process. 

In
order to mitigate the foregoing material weakness, we have engaged an outside accounting consultant with significant experience in the
preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP to assist us in the preparation of our financial statements to ensure that
these financial statements are prepared in conformity with GAAP. We will continue to monitor the effectiveness of this action and make
any changes that our management deems appropriate. 

We
would need to hire additional staff to provide greater segregation of duties. Currently, it is not feasible to hire additional staff
to obtain optimal segregation of duties. Management will continue to reassess this matter to determine whether improvement in segregation

of duty is feasible. In addition, we would need to expand our board to include independent members. 

Going
forward, we intend to evaluate our processes and procedures and, where practicable and resources permit, implement changes in order to
have more effective controls over financial reporting. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by the Company's registered public accounting firm pursuant to the exemption
provided to issuers that are not large accelerated filers nor accelerated filers under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our fourth fiscal quarter that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None 

17 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

None
of our officers or directors have been convicted in, or are subject to, any criminal or bankruptcy proceeding. 

The
names and ages of the directors and executive officers of the Company and their positions with the Company are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Xingtao Zhou 
 
 41 
 
 President, Chief Executive
 Officer, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer), Chairman of the Board 
 
 Liang Tan 
 
 57 
 
 Director 

Xingtao Zhou -- President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer), Chairman of the
Board of Directors. Mr. Zhou has served as the chairman and founder of Hainan Cang Bao Tian Xia Artwork Co. Ltd. since 2017 and
Cang Bao Ge (Hong Kong) Arts Co., Ltd since 2012. From 2009 to 2012, Mr. Zhou served as the president of Yi Hua Cultural Diffusion Co.,
Ltd. Mr. Zhou served as the curator of the Yin Yuan Min Su Museum from 2003 to 2009 and as the vice curator from 1999 to 2003. Mr. Zhou
received a bachelor s degree in International Business from Southwestern University of Finance and Economics. 

Liang
Tan , Director. Liang Tan has served as the general manager of Shanghai Qingsheng Investment Co., Ltd. since 2017. Mr. Tan served
as the deputy general manager of Shanghai Daren Asset Management Co., Ltd. from 2013 to 2016. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

The
following table summarizes, for each of 2021 and 2020, the compensation awarded, paid to or earned by our President, CEO, CFO and Chairman
of the Board of Directors, Xingtao Zhou. 

2020
Summary Compensation Table 

Name
 and Principal Position 

Year 

Salary 
 ) 

Bonus 
 ) 

Stock
 Awards 
 ) 

Option
 Awards 
 ) 

Non-Equity
 Incentive Plan Compensation 
 ) 

Non-Qualified
 Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 ) 

All
 Other Compensation 
 ) 

Total 
 ) 

Xingtao Zhou (1) 

2021 

42,372 

42,372 

President CEO and CFO 

2020 

42,372 

42,372 

(1) Mr.
 Zhou has received 84,744 in cash compensation from Hainan Cangbao since inception of Hainan
 Cangbao on March 1, 2019. 

 The
Company has no stock option, retirement, pension, or profit-sharing programs for the benefit of directors, officers or other employees,
but our officers and directors may recommend adoption of one or more such programs in the future. We have no employment agreements with
Mr. Zhou or with any of our employees. 

The
Company does not have a standing compensation committee, audit committee, nomination committee, or committees performing similar functions.
We anticipate that we will form such committees of the Board of Directors once we have a full Board of Directors. 

18 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The
following table sets forth certain information as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, with respect to the beneficial ownership
of our common stock and preferred stock for (i) each director and named executive officer, (ii) all of our directors and officers as
a group, and (iii) each person known to us to own beneficially 5 or more of the outstanding shares of our common stock. As of the date
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, there are 110,319,245 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Class
 of 
 Securities 
 
 Shares 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 
 
 Percentage 
 Owned (4) 

Directors and Named Executive Officers 

Xingtao Zhou 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 9,920,000 
 
 100.0 

Common Stock 
 
 59,839,271 
 
 54.2 

Yaqin Fu (2) 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 15,663,849 
 
 14.2 

All Officers and Directors as a group (2 persons) 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 75,503,120 
 
 68.4 

5 Stockholders 

Wei Wang (3) 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 18,000,000 
 
 16.3 

(1) 
 Beneficial ownership has been determined in accordance
 with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. Pursuant to the rules of the SEC, shares of common stock which an individual or group has
 a right to acquire within 60 days pursuant to the exercise of options or warrants are deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of
 computing the percentage ownership of such individual or group, but are not deemed to be beneficially owned and outstanding for the
 purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person shown in the table. 

(2) 
 Yaqin Fu is the wife of Liang Tan, a director of the
 Company, and therefore Mr. Tan may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the shares owned by Ms. Fu. 

(3) 
 Mr. Wang was one of the Cayman Company Shareholders. 

(4) 
 Based on 110,319,245 shares of our Common Stock issued
 and outstanding as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

On
June 15, 2018, the Company entered into a promissory note payable with David Lazar, the former Chief Executive Officer. The note is unsecured,
noninterest bearing and due in 12 months from the date of issuance. On December 13, 2018, the Company forgave 5,000 of the entire amount
owed on this promissory note to David Lazar. The gain was recorded in additional paid in capital due to its related party nature. As
of June 30, 2020 and 2019, 0 remains outstanding. 

On
June 19, 2018, the Company issued 3,096,200 shares of common stock issued at par value of 0.001, for services valued at 3,096 to Custodian
Ventures, LLC, the company controlled by David Lazar. 

On
June 19, 2018 the Company created 10,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, out of the 10,000,000 shares that were already authorized.
On that same date, the Company issued 10,000,000 shares of the Series A preferred stock to Custodian Ventures LLC, the company controlled
by David Lazar, the former Chief Executive Officer, for services valued at 4,000,000. 

On
December 16, 2018, Custodian Ventures LLC (the Seller ), entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Stock Purchase
Agreement pursuant to which the Seller agreed to sell to Xingtao Zhou and Yaqin Fu (together, the Purchaser ), the
3,096,200 common shares and the 10,000,000 preferred shares of the Company (together, the Shares owned by the Seller,
for a total purchase price of 375,000. As a result of the sale, and David Lazar s resignation as sole officer and director of
the Company, there was a change of control of the Company. There is no family relationship or other relationship between the Seller and
the Purchaser. 

19 

During
the period July 01, 2018 thru December 13, 2018, David Lazar, paid 17,350 of expenses related to accounting, transfer agent, audit and
legal fees on behalf of the company. On December 13, 2018, the Company forgave 31,446 of the loan payable to David Lazar. The gain was

recorded in additional paid in capital due to its related party nature. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, 0 remains outstanding. 

During
the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, Mr. Xingtao Zhou, paid a total of 33,748 and 79,189 respectively, in expenses on behalf of
the Company, for transfer agent, legal, audit and accounting fees. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, The outstanding balances owed to Mr.
Zhou are 128,793, and 95,045 respectively. This loan is non-interest bearing and has no specific terms for repayment. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

Certain
potential conflicts of interest are inherent in the relationships between our officers and directors, and the Company. 

From
time to time, one or more of our affiliates may form or hold an ownership interest in and/or manage other businesses both related and
unrelated to the type of business that we own and operate. These persons expect to continue to form, hold an ownership interest in and/or
manage additional other businesses which may compete with ours with respect to operations, including financing and marketing, management
time and services and potential customers. These activities may give rise to conflicts between or among the interests of us and other
businesses with which our affiliates are associated. Our affiliates are in no way prohibited from undertaking such activities, and neither
we nor our shareholders will have any right to require participation in such other activities. 

Further,
because we intend to transact business with some of our officers, directors and affiliates, as well as with firms in which some of our
officers, directors or affiliates have a material interest, potential conflicts may arise between the respective interests of us and
these related persons or entities. We believe that such transactions will be completed on terms at least as favorable to us as those
available from unrelated third parties. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

The
following table shows the fees paid or accrued by us for the audit and other services provided by WWC,
P.C., WWC for the periods ended June 30, 2021 and JLKZ CPA LLP for the periods ended June 30, 2020. 

June 30, 

June 30, 

2021 

2020 

Audit Fees 

240,000 

60,000 

Audit Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total 

240,000 

60,000 

Audit
fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our financial statements and review of the interim financial
statements included in quarterly reports and services that are normally provided by the above auditors in connection with statutory and
regulatory fillings or engagements. 

Audit-Related
Fees are fees for assurance and related services by the principal accountant that are traditionally performed by the principal
accountant and which are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the registrant's financial statements. 

In
the absence of a formal audit committee, the full Board of Directors pre-approves all audit and non-audit services to be performed by
the independent registered public accounting firm in accordance with the rules and regulations promulgated under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended. The Board of Directors pre-approved 100 of the audit, audit-related and tax services performed by the independent
registered public accounting firm for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020. The percentage of hours expended on the principal
accountant s engagement to audit the Company s financial statements for the most recent fiscal year that were attributed
to work performed by persons other than the principal accountant s full-time, permanent employees was 0 . 

20 

PART
IV 

ITEM 15.
EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

The
following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report: 

(a) Financial
Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Accounting Firm 
 F-1 
 
 Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2021 and 2020 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the year ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 
 F-4 
 
 Statement of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the year ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

(b) Exhibits: 

Exhibit 

Number 
 
 Name 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal
 Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal
 Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

Not
applicable. 

21 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CANG BAO TIAN XIA INTERNATIONAL ART
 TRADE CENTER, INC. 

Date: October 13, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ Xingtao
 Zhou 

Xingtao Zhou, Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer) 

22 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To: The Board of 
Directors and Stockholders of 

 Cang Bao Tian
Xia International Art Trade Center Inc. 

Opinion 
on the Financial Statements 

We 
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Cang Bao Tian Xia International
Art Trade Center Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of 
June 30, 2021 and 2020, and the related consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive loss, 
changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for 
the two-year period ended June 30, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred 
to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of 
June 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations 
and its cash flows for the two-year period ended
 June 30, 2021, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States 
of America. 

The accompanying financial statements have been 
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed 
in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company had incurred substantial losses during
the year, and has a working capital deficit, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plan in regards to these matters are described in Note 3. These financial statements do not include any 
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis 
for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility 
is to express an opinion on the Company s financial 
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting
 firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to
be independent with respect to the Company in 
accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable 
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission 
and the PCAOB. 

We 
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. 
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial 
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or
 fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor
were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal 
control over financial reporting. As part of our 
audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing 
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control 
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included
performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial
statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test
 basis, evidence regarding the amounts and 
disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
 provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F-1 

Critical Audit 
Matters 

The critical audit matter communicated 
below is matter arising from the prior 
period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required
to be communicated to the audit committee and
that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that
are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter
in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial
statements, taken as a whole, and we are
not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions
 on the critical audit matters or on the accounts
 or disclosures to 
which they relate. 

Evaluation of the accounts 
receivable and the allowance for doubtful accounts 

The critical audit matter related to the Company s
accounts receivable. The principal considerations in determining that this was a critical
audit matter was that the Company had a substantial amount of accounts receivable, and 
the allowance for doubtful accounts are subject to estimation, which involves judgment. The 
ability of the Company to collect the accounts
 receivable is impacted by multiple factors. 
The audit engagement team addressed this critical accounting matter by reviewing the Company s
 accounting policies, and perform extended procedures
 including corroborated with enquiry, examination of
contracts, and independent analysis of the Company customers historical payment records.
The engagement team s testing provided adequate evidence to support 
our audit opinion and to mitigate the risk of
material misstatement to an acceptable level. The accounts that are affected by this 
critical audit matter is accounts receivable, and the allowance for doubtful accounts that
is charged to general and administration expenses,
if any. 

/s/ WWC, P.C. 

 WWC, P.C. 

 Certified Public Accountants 

We have served as the
Company s auditor since 2021 San Mateo, California 

October 13, 2021 

F-2 

CANG
 BAO TIAN XIA INTERNATIONAL ART TRADE CENTER, INC. 
 
 AUDITED
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Stated
in US Dollars) 

June 30, 
 
 June 30, 

2021 
 
 2020 
 
 Assets 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

1,200,060 

2,710,150 

Accounts receivable, net 

- 

3,364,041 

Other receivables, net 

38,266 

50,152 

Related party receivable 

1,197,938 

28,055 

Inventories 

109,381 

439,811 

Advance to suppliers 

9,252,512 

2,233,063 

Prepaid taxes 

- 

23,986 

Total current assets 

11,798,157 

8,849,258 

Non-current assets 

Plant and equipment, net 

184,703 

11,681 

Intangible assets, net 

239,066 

319,767 

Right-of-use assets 

8,220,399 

- 

Total non-current assets 

8,644,168 

331,448 

Total Assets 

20,442,325 

9,180,706 

Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

8,160,433 

13,284,912 

Deferred revenues 

121,490 

180,086 

Taxes payable 

4,115 

3,286 

Accrued liabilities and other payables 

6,873 

1,300 

Advance from customers 

17,256,693 

- 

Related party payable 

128,793 

95,045 

Lease payable-current portion 

3,233,130 

- 

Total current liabilities 

28,911,527 

13,564,629 

Lease payable- non-current 

4,987,269 

- 

Total Liabilities 

33,898,796 

13,564,629 

Stockholders Deficit 

Series A Preferred Stock, 10,000,000 shares authorized at 0.001 per share: 9,920,000 shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively 

9,920 

9,920 

Common stock, par value 0.001 per share; 500,000,000 shares authorized; 110,319,245 shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively 

110,319 

110,319 

Additional paid-in capital 

20,434,840 

20,434,840 

Accumulated deficit 

(33,499,423) 

(25,054,266) 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income 

(512,127) 

115,264 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

(13,456,471) 

(4,383,923) 
 
 Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

20,442,325 

9,180,706 

See Accompanying Notes to the Financial Statements 

F-3 

CANG
 BAO TIAN XIA INTERNATIONAL ART TRADE CENTER, INC. 
 AUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE
 LOSS 
 (Stated
in US Dollars) 

For the year ended 

June 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Net revenues 
 1,303,486 
 7,153,948 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 1,730,812 
 4,005,174 
 
 Gross profit 
 (427,326 
 3,148,774 

Operating expenses: 

Selling and marketing expenses 
 4,651,912 
 2,649,541 
 
 General administration expenses 
 3,029,319 
 2,390,341 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 7,681,231 
 5,039,882 

Operating loss 
 (8,108,557 
 (1,891,108 

Other income (expenses): 

Interest income 
 7,699 
 7,929 
 
 Interest expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 Other income 
 5,544 
 6,050 
 
 Other expenses 
 (348,031 
 (70,189 
 
 Total other income (expenses) 
 (334,788 
 (56,210 
 
 Loss before income taxes 
 (8,443,345 
 (1,947,318 
 
 Provision for income taxes 
 1,812 
 12,696 
 
 Net loss 
 (8,445,157 
 (1,960,014 

Other comprehensive income: 

Foreign currency translation (loss) gain 
 (627,391 
 115,264 
 
 Comprehensive loss 
 (9,072,548 
 (1,844,750 

Loss per share per common stock 

- Basic and diluted 
 (0.08 
 (0.02 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 
 110,319,245 
 110,319,245 

See
Accompanying Notes to the Financial Statements 

F-4 

CANG
BAO TIAN XIA INTERNATIONAL ART TRADE CENTER INC. 

 AUDITED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

 (Stated
in US Dollars) 

For the
 year ended June 30, 2020 

Additional 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Accumulated Other 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Statutory 
 
 Comprehensive 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Reserves 
 Unrestricted 
 Income
 (Loss) 
 Total 
 
 BALANCE, July 1, 2019 
 9,920,000 
 9,920 
 110,319,245 
 110,319 
 20,434,840 
 - 
 (23,094,252 
 - 
 (2,539,173 
 
 Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (1,960,014 
 - 
 (1,960,014 
 
 Foreign currency translation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 115,264 
 115,264 
 
 BALANCE, June 30, 2020 
 9,920,000 
 9,920 
 110,319,245 
 110,319 
 20,434,840 
 - 
 (25,054,266 
 115,264 
 (4,383,923 

For the
 year ended June 30, 2021 

Additional 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Accumulated Other 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Statutory 
 
 Comprehensive 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Reserves 
 Unrestricted 
 Income
 (Loss) 
 Total 
 
 BALANCE, July 1, 2020 
 9,920,000 
 9,920 
 110,319,245 
 110,319 
 20,434,840 
 - 
 (25,054,266 
 115,264 
 (4,383923 
 
 Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (8,445,157 
 - 
 (8,445,157 
 
 Foreign currency translation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (627,391 
 (627,391 
 
 BALANCE, June 30, 2021 
 9,920,000 
 9,920 
 110,319,245 
 110,319 
 20,434,840 
 - 
 (33,499,423 
 (512,127 
 (13,456,471 

See
Accompanying Notes to the Financial Statements 

F-5 

CANG
 BAO TIAN XIA INTERNATIONAL ART TRADE CENTER, INC. 
 
 AUDITED
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Stated
 in US Dollars) 

For the 
 year ended June 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 
 (8,445,157 
 (1,960,014 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation of plant and equipment 
 8,405 
 2,472 
 
 Amortization of intangible assets 
 95,739 
 47,576 
 
 Accounts receivables 
 3,593,579 
 (3,364,041 
 
 Other receivables 
 16,273 
 (50,152 
 
 Related party receivable 
 (1,137,746 
 (22,180 
 
 Inventories 
 363,199 
 (129,261 
 
 Prepayments 
 (6,608,026 
 (1,107,794 
 
 Accounts payable 
 (6,241,761 
 7,790,515 
 
 Other payables and accrued liabilities 
 11,740 
 (1,211,974 
 
 Customer deposits 
 16,747,375 
 - 
 
 Taxes payable 
 501 
 3,286 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (1,595,879 
 (1,567 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Sales of intangible assets 
 12,812 
 16,809 
 
 Purchase of equipment 
 (175,968 
 (5,155 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by investing
 activities 
 (163,156 
 11,654 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from related parties 
 33,748 
 78,671 
 
 Net cash provided by financing
 activities 
 33,748 
 78,671 

EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE ON CASH 
 215,197 
 (438,545 

NET DECREASE IN CASH 
 (1,510,090 
 (349,787 
 
 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 
 2,710,150 
 3,059,937 
 
 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF PERIOD 
 1,200,060 
 2,710,150 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for income tax 
 1,812 
 12,696 
 
 Cash paid for interest 
 - 
 - 

See
Accompanying Notes to the Financial Statements 

F-6 

CANG
BAO TIAN XIA INTERNATIONAL ART TRADE CENTER, INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE
30, 2021 AND 2020 

NOTE
1 ORGANIZATION AND BASIS OF ACCOUNTING 

Cang
Bao Tian Xia International Art Trade Center, Inc., formerly Zhongchai Machinery, Inc., and before that Equicap, Inc., a Nevada corporation
(the Company , was a manufacturer and distributor of gears and gearboxes and drive axles that were marketed and sold to
equipment manufacturers in China. 

On
July 6, 2007, the Board of Directors of Zhejiang Zhongchai Machinery Co., Ltd. Zhejiang Zhongchai ), the China based and
75 owned subsidiary of the Company, approved and finalized a Share Purchase Agreement Share Purchase Agreement with
Xinchang Keyi Machinery Co., Ltd., Keyi a corporation incorporated in the People s Republic of China. Pursuant
to the Share Purchase Agreement, Zhejiang Zhongchai purchased all the outstanding equity of Zhejiang Shengte Transmission Co., Ltd. Shengte from Keyi, the sole owner of Shengte for approximately 3.7 million 

On
March 7, 2007, the Company and Usunco Automotive, Ltd. Usunco ), a British Virgin Islands company, entered into a Share
Exchange Agreement Exchange Agreement which was consummated on March 9, 2007. Under the terms of the Exchange Agreement,
the Company acquired all of the outstanding equity securities of Usunco in exchange for 18,323,944 shares of the Company s common
stock. 

Since
the Company had been a public shell company prior to the share exchange, the share exchange was treated as a recapitalization of the
Company. As such, the historical financial information prior to the share exchange was that of Usunco and its subsidiaries. Historical
share amounts were restated to reflect the effect of the share exchange. 

On
June 18, 2006, Usunco acquired 100 of IBC Automotive Products Inc IBC ), a California Corporation as of May 14, 2004 (date
of inception), through a Share Exchange Agreement of 28 of Usunco s shares. IBC was considered a predecessor business
to Usunco as its operations constituted the business activities of Usunco formed to consummate the acquisition of IBC. The consolidated
financial statements at that time reflected all predecessor statements of income and cash flow activities from the inception of IBC in
May 2004. 

On
June 15, 2009, IBC was sold to certain management persons of IBC in exchange for the following: (i) the cancellation of an aggregate
of 555,994 shares of common stock of the Company which those individuals owned, and (ii) the payment of 60,000 in installments pursuant
to the terms of an unsecured promissory note, the final payment of which was made on November 15, 2010. As part of the transaction, the
Company cancelled 428,261 through the closing date, of inter-company debt which funds had been used in the business of IBC prior to
the transaction. 

On
September 22, 2009, Xinchang Xian Lisheng Machinery Co., Ltd. Lisheng was incorporated by Zhejiang Zhongchai and two
individual investors. Total registered capital of Lisheng was RMB 5 million, of which Zhejiang Zhongchai accounted for 60 . The Company
started production of die casting products in 2010 for use in gearboxes, diesel engines and other machinery products. 

On
December 16, 2009, Zhongchai Machinery and its wholly owned subsidiaries, Usunco and Zhongchai Holding (Hong Kong) Limited, a Hong Kong
company Zhongchai Holding ), took action to approve transfer of the shares of Zhejiang Zhongchai Machinery Co., from Usunco
to Zhongchai Holding. The transfer was completed on December 23, 2009. The purpose of the transfer was to take advantage of the tax treaty
between the Peoples Republic of China and the Special Administrative Region of Hong Kong which reduces the withholding tax rate of the
PRC on payments to entities outside of China. Usunco, which no longer had any assets after transferring all of them to Zhongchai Holding
was subsequently dissolved. The consolidated financial statements continued to account for Zhejiang Zhongchai Machinery Co., in the same
manner as before the transfer of the ownership. Shareholder approval by the shareholders of Zhongchai Machinery was not required under
Nevada law, as there was no sale of all or substantially all the assets of the Company. The shareholder ownership and shareholder rights
of Zhongchai Machinery remained the same as before the transaction. 

F-7 

On
April 26, 2010, Zhongchai Holding (Hong Kong) Limited Zhongchai Holding ), which owned 75 of the equity in Zhejiang Zhongchai
Machinery Co., Ltd. Zhejiang Zhongchai ), executed a Share Purchase Agreement Share Purchase Agreement with Xinchang Keyi Machinery Co., Ltd., Keyi a corporation incorporated in the People s Republic of China. Pursuant
to the Share Purchase Agreement, Zhongchai Holding purchased the residual 25 equity of Zhejiang Zhongchai Machinery Co., Ltd. Zhejiang
Zhongchai from Keyi at 2.6 million. The Share Purchase Agreement was approved by the local government agency and a new business
license was issued as Wholly Foreign Owned Enterprise. 

On
July 26, 2011, the Company held a Special Meeting of Shareholders. At the special meeting the Company s shareholders approved an
amendment to cease its periodic reporting obligation under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and thereby forego many of the expenses
associates with operating as a public company subject to SEC reporting obligations. 

On
July 27, 2011, the Company approved a 1 for 120 reverse stock split of its then outstanding shares of the Company s Common Stock. 

On
July 29, 2011, the Company terminated its registration as a reporting issuer with the Securities and Exchange Commission. As a result,
it became unclear when and if the Company ceased conducting business operations, as no further information became publicly available. 

On
May 11, 2018, the eighth judicial District Court of Nevada appointed Custodian Ventures, LLC as custodian for the Company, then known
as Zhongchai Machinery, Inc., proper notice having been given to the officers and directors of Zhongchai Machinery, Inc. There was no
opposition. On May 16, 2018, the Company filed a certificate of revival with the State of Nevada, appointing David Lazar as, President,
Secretary, Treasurer and Director. On June 19, 2018, the Company issued 3,096,200 shares of common stock issued at par value of 0.001,
to Custodian Ventures, LLC, for services valued at 3,096.20. On June 19, 2018, the Company issued 10,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred
Stock issued at par value of 0.001, to Custodian Ventures, LLC, for services valued at 4,000,000. 

On
July 24, 2018, the Company filed a Form 10 with the Securities and Exchange Commission, to again become a reporting issuer. 

On
December 16, 2018, Custodian Ventures LLC (the Seller ), entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Stock Purchase
Agreement pursuant to which the Seller agreed to sell to Xingtao Zhou and Yaqin Fu (together, the Purchaser ), the
3,096,200 common shares and the 10,000,000 preferred shares of the Company (together, the Shares owned by the Seller,
for a total purchase price of 375,000. As a result of the sale, and David Lazar s resignation as sole officer and director of
the Company, there was a change of control of the Company. There is no family relationship or other relationship between the Seller and
the Purchaser. 

On
January 08, 2019, the corporate name of the Company was changed to Cang Bao Tian Xia International Art Trade Center, Inc., and shortly
thereafter the Company s trading symbol was changed to TXCB. 

On
July 27, 2020 (the Closing Date ), and as reported in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on that same date,
we entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the Exchange Agreement by and among (i) the Company, (ii) Zhi Yuan Limited,
a Cayman Islands company Cayman Company ), and (iii) the three beneficial shareholders of Cayman Company (each, a Cayman
Company Shareholder and collectively, the Cayman Company Shareholders ). 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Exchange Agreement, the Cayman Company Shareholders agreed to sell to Cang Bao, and Cang Bao agreed to purchase,
all shares of Cayman Company held by them, which shares represent 100 of the issued and outstanding shares of Cayman Company. In exchange,
Cang Bao agreed to issue to the Cayman Company Shareholders an aggregate of 75,000,000 shares of Cang Bao common stock, representing
approximately 67.98 of Cang Bao s total issued and outstanding common stock (the Share Exchange ). 

Our
directors approved the Exchange Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby. Simultaneously, the directors of Cayman Company
also approved the Exchange Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby. The Share Exchange closed on July 27, 2020. Both Yaqin
Fu, who is the wife of one of our directors, and Mr. Xingtao Zhou, our President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chairman
of the Board and principal shareholder, were Cayman Company Shareholders who exchanged their Cayman Company shares for shares of the
Company. After giving effect to the Share Exchange, Mr. Zhou owns 59,839,271 shares of our common stock, which represents 54.24 of our
outstanding common stock, and 100 of our issued and outstanding preferred shares. 

F-8 

As
a result of the Share Exchange, Cayman Company became our wholly owned subsidiary and we are its public holding company. After giving
effect to the Share Exchange, the Company acquired 100 of the assets and operations of Cayman Company and its subsidiaries, the business
and operations of which now constitutes our primary business and operations. After giving effect to the Share Exchange, we own 100 of
the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Cayman Company. Cayman Company is a holding company that owns Cangyun (Hong Kong)
Limited Hong Kong Company ), which in turn owns and controls Shanghai Cangyun Management Consulting Co., Ltd. Management
Consulting ), which has entered into contractual agreements to control Hainan Cangbao Tianxia Cultural Relic Co., Ltd. Hainan and Cangbao Tianxia (Shanghai) Cultural Relic Co., Ltd. Tianxia Cultural Relic, and together with Hainan, the Target
Companies or VIEs ). 

 The
Exchange Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, covenants and conditions for a transaction of this type for the benefit
of the parties. 

 For
federal income tax purposes, it is intended that the Share Exchange qualify as a reorganization under the provisions of Section 368(a)
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). However, we did not obtain any tax opinion and there can be
no assurance that our intent that the Share Exchange qualify as a reorganization under the provisions of Section 368(a) of the Code is
correct. Cayman Company is considered the acquirer for accounting and financial reporting purposes. The assets and liabilities of Cayman
Company have been brought forward at their book value and no goodwill has been recognized. As a result of the acquisition of all the
issued and outstanding shares of Cayman Company, we have now assumed Cayman Company s business operations as our own. 

 Immediately
prior to the closing of the Share Exchange described above pursuant to which Cayman Company became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company,
the Company was a shell company, as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act ). As a result of the Share Exchange, we are no longer a shell company. 

 The
Share Exchange was accounted as a business combination under common control, in which all of the combining entities or businesses are
ultimately controlled by the same party or parties, both before and after the business combination, and that control is not transitory.
The business combination under common control of accounting is based on the historical consolidated financial statements of the Company
and Cayman Company. In accordance with ASC 805-50-45-5, for transactions between entities under common control, financial statements
and financial information presented for prior periods have been retroactively adjusted to furnish comparative information. 

 Zhi
Yuan Limited Zhi Yuan was incorporated on April 15, 2019 under the laws of the Cayman Islands as a holding company. On
May 22, 2019, ZhiYuan incorporated a wholly owned subsidiary Cang Yun (Hong Kong) Limited Cang Yun HK in Hong Kong. On
July 30, 2019, Cang Yun HK incorporated a wholly foreign owned enterprise WFOE Shanghai Cangyun Management Consulting
Co., Ltd. Shanghai Cangyun in Shanghai, China. 

 On
August 8, 2019, Shanghai Cangyun entered into a series of Variable Interest Entity VIE agreements with the owners of
Hainan Cangbao Tianxia Cultural Relic Co., Ltd. Hainan Cangbao and Cangbao Tianxia (Shanghai) Cultural Relic Co., Ltd. Shanghai Cangbao ). Pursuant to the VIE agreements, Hainan Cangbao and Shanghai Cangbao became Shanghai Cangyun s
contractually controlled affiliate. The purpose and effect of the VIE Agreements is to provide Shanghai Cangyun with all management control
and net profits earned by Hainan Cangbao and Shanghai Cangbao. Hainan Cangbao was incorporated on May 30, 2018 and Shanghai Cangbao was
incorporated on June 28, 2019. The entities operate an online and offline cultural exchange service platform, through which dedicated
to create industry standards for art investment and creating a model of online art exchanges and transactions, which allows collectors,
artists, art dealers and owners to access a much larger art trading market, allowing them to engage with a wide range of collectibles
or artwork investors. Upon executing a series of VIE agreements, Hainan Cangbao and Shanghai Cangbao are considered Variable Interest
entities VIE and Shanghai Cangbao is the primary beneficiary. Accordingly, Hainan Cangbao and Shanghai Cangbao are consolidated
under the guidance of FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 810, Consolidation. 

Cang
Bao Tian Xia International Art Trade Center, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries and VIE are collectively referred to herein as the
 Company unless specific reference is made to an entity. 

F-9 

NOTE
2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Basis
of Presentation 

The
accompanying audited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). This basis of accounting differs in certain material respects from
that used for the preparation of the books of Hainan Cangbao and Shanghai Cangbao, which are prepared in accordance with the accounting
principles and the relevant financial regulations applicable to enterprises with limited liabilities established in the PRC PRC
GAAP ), the accounting standards used in the places of their domicile. The accompanying audited consolidated financial
statements reflect necessary adjustments not recorded in the books of Hainan Cangbao and Shanghai Cangbao to present them in conformity
with U.S. GAAP. 

Principals
of Consolidation 

The
audited consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company, its wholly and majority owned subsidiaries,
and consolidated VIE and its subsidiaries for which the Company is the primary beneficiary. 

All
transactions and balances among the Company, its subsidiaries and consolidated VIE have been eliminated upon consolidation. 

The
accompanying audited consolidated financial statements of Cang Bao Tian Xia International Art Trade Center, Inc. reflect
the activities of the following entities: 

Name 
 
 Background 
 
 Ownership 
 
 Cang Bao Tian Xia International Art Trade Center, Inc.( Cang
 Bao 
 
 A
 holding company 
 A
 Nevada company 

Zhi Yuan Limited Zhi Yuan 
 
 A
 Cayman Island company 
 Incorporated
 on April 15, 2019 
 
 100 owned by Cang Bao 

Cang Yun (Hong Kong) Limited Cang Yun HK 
 
 A
 Hong Kong company 
 Incorporated
 on May 22, 2019 
 A
 holding company 
 
 100 owned by Zhi Yuan 

Shanghai Cangyun Management Consulting Co., Ltd. Shanghai
 Cangyun 
 
 A
 PRC company and deemed a wholly foreign owned enterprise 
 Incorporated
 on July 30, 2019 
 Subscribed
 capital of 10,000 
 A
 holding company 
 
 100 owned by Cang Yun HK 

Hainan Cangbao Tianxia Cultural Relic Co., Ltd. Hainan
 Cangbao 
 
 A
 PRC limited liability company 
 Incorporated
 on May 30, 2018 
 Subscribed
 capital of 1,454,491 (RMB 10,000,000) 
 Operate
 online and offline cultural exchange service platform 
 
 VIE of Shanghai Cangyun WFOE 

Cangbao Tianxia (Shanghai) Cultural Relic Co., Ltd.
 Shanghai Cangbao 
 
 A
 PRC limited liability company 
 Incorporated
 on May 30, 2018 
 Subscribed
 capital of 4,799,821 (RMB 33,000,000) 
 Operate
 online and offline cultural exchange service platform 
 
 VIE of Shanghai Cangyun WFO 

VIE
Agreements with Shanghai Cangyun 

Under
the laws and regulations of the PRC, foreign persons and foreign companies are restricted from investing directly in certain businesses
within the PRC. As such, Hainan Cangbao and Shanghai Cangbao are controlled through VIE Arrangements in lieu of direct equity ownership.
Such VIE arrangements consist of a series of four agreements (collectively, the VIE Arrangements ), which were
signed on August 8, 2019. The significant terms of the VIE Arrangements are as follows: 

F-10 

Exclusive
Management Consultation Service Agreement 

Pursuant
to the Exclusive Management Consultation Service Agreement between Management Consulting and Hainan Cangbao Tianxia Cultural Relic Co.,
Ltd. and Cangbao Tianxia (Shanghai) Cultural Relic Co. (the Target Companies or VIEs ), dated August 8, 2019,
Management Consulting has the exclusive right to provide consultation and services to the Target Companies in the areas of funding, human
resources, technology and intellectual property rights. For such services, the Target Companies have agreed to pay service fees in the
amount of 100 of their net income and also have the obligation to absorb 100 of their own losses. Management Consulting exclusively
owns any intellectual property rights arising from the performance of this Management Consultation Service Agreement. The Management
Consultation Service Agreement terminates at the same time as the Equity Pledge Agreement, described in the next paragraph. 

Equity
Pledge Agreement 

Pursuant
to those Equity Pledge Agreement dated August 8, 2019, among Management Consulting, the Target Companies, the Target Companies 
shareholders, who are our CEO Mr. Zhou, Yaqin Fu (the wife of Liang Tan, a director of the Company), and Wei Wang (collectively, the
 Pledgors ), each of three persons pledged all of their equity interests in the Target Companies to Management Consulting
to guarantee the Target Companies performance of relevant obligations and indebtedness under the Management Consultation Service
Agreement and the other control agreements (collectively, the Control Agreements ). If the Pledgors breach their obligations
under the Control Agreements, Management Consulting, as pledgee, will be entitled to certain rights, including the right to dispose of
the pledged equity interests in order to recover the damages associated with such breaches. The Pledgors obligations shall be
continuously valid until all of the Pledgors are no longer shareholders of the Target Companies, or until the satisfaction of all of
the Pledgors obligations under the Control Agreements. 

Call
Option Agreement 

Pursuant
to the Call Option Agreement among Management Consulting, the Target Companies and the Pledgors, dated August 8, 2019, Management Consulting
has the exclusive right to require that the Pledgors fulfill and complete all approval and registration procedures required under PRC
laws for Management Consulting to purchase, or designate one or more persons to purchase, such shareholders equity interests in
the Target Companies , in one or multiple transactions, at any time or from time to time, at Management Consulting s sole and absolute
discretion. The purchase price shall be the lowest price allowed by PRC laws. The Equity Option Agreements shall remain effective until
all the equity interests in the Target Companies owned by the Pledgors have been legally transferred to Management Consulting or its
designee(s). 

Proxy
Agreement 

Pursuant
to the Proxy Agreement among Management Consulting, the Pledgors and the Target Companies, dated August 8, 2019, the Pledgors irrevocably
appointed Management Consulting or Management Consulting s designee to exercise all of their rights as a shareholder of the Target
Companies, including but not limited to the power to exercise all such shareholder s voting rights with respect to all matters
to be discussed and voted in shareholder meetings of the Target Companies. The Proxy Agreement remains effective until all equity interests
in the Target Companies owned by the Pledgors have been legally transferred to Management Consulting or its designee(s). 

Based
on the foregoing VIE Arrangements, Shanghai Cangyun deemed to have effective control over Hainan Cangbao and Shanghai Cangbao, which
enables Shanghai Cangyun to receive all of their expected residual returns and absorb the expected losses of the VIE, and Shanghai Cangyun
is deemed the primary beneficiary of Hainan Cangbao and Shanghai Cangbao. 

The
reorganization through VIE above are accounted as a transaction of entities under common control for accounting purposes where the shareholder
of Hainan Cangbao and Shanghai Cangbao are the controlling shareholder of Cang Bao before and after the reorganization. Accordingly,
the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared as if the current corporate structure had been in existence throughout
the periods presented. 

F-11 

The
carrying amount of the VIE s assets and liabilities are as follows: 

June 30, 
 
 June 30, 

2021 
 
 2020 
 
 Current assets 

11,850,943 

9,188,265 

Plants and equipment, intangible assets 

423,769 

331,448 

Other noncurrent assets 

8,220,399 

- 

Total assets 

20,495,111 

9,519,713 

Current liabilities 

28,819,519 

13,792,591 

Non-current liabilities 

4,987,269 

- 

Total liabilities 

33,806,788 

13,792,591 

Net assets 

(13,311,677) 

(4,272,878) 

June 30, 
 
 June 30, 

2021 
 
 2020 

Accounts payable 

8,076,065 

13,212,544 

Other payables and accrued liabilities 

249,516 

576,761 

Tax payables 

4,115 

3,286 

Customer advances 

17,256,693 

- 

Lease liabilities 

3,233,130 

- 

Total current liabilities 

28,819,519 

13,792,591 

Lease liabilities - noncurrent 

4,987,269 

- 

Total liabilities 

33,806,788 

13,792,591 

The
summarized operating results of the VIE s are as follows: 

For the 
year ended 
June 30, 
2021 
 
 Operating revenues 

1,645,126 

Gross profit 

(1,430,284) 
 
 Loss from operations 

(8,409,597) 
 
 Net loss 

(8,411,409) 

Foreign
Currency Translation 

The
accompanying audited consolidated financial statements are presented in United States dollar ), which is
the reporting currency of the Company. The functional currency of Cang Bao, Cayman Company and Hongkong Company is United States dollar.
The functional currency of the Company s subsidiaries and VIEs located in the PRC is Renminbi RMB ). For the entities
whose functional currencies are RMB, results of operations and cash flows are translated at average exchange rates during the period,
assets and liabilities are translated at the unified exchange rate at the end of the period, and equity is translated at historical exchange
rates. The resulting translation adjustments are included in determining other comprehensive income. Transaction gains and losses are
reflected in the consolidated statements of income. 

2021 

2020 

Year-end RMB: US exchange rate 

6.4601 

7.0795 

Annual average RMB: US exchange rate 

6.6273 

7.0198 

Year-end HKD:US exchange rate 

7.7638 

7.7504 

Annual average HKD:US exchange rate 

7.7558 

7.7937 

The RMB is not freely convertible into foreign
currencies and all foreign exchange transactions must be conducted through authorized financial institutions. 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities on the date of the financial statements and
the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company bases its estimates and judgments on historical
experience and on various other assumptions and information that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Estimates and
assumptions of future events and their effects cannot be perceived with certainty and, accordingly, these estimates may change as new
events occur, as more experience is acquired, as additional information is obtained and as our operating environment changes. Significant
estimates and assumptions by management include, among others, useful lives and impairment of long-lived assets, allowance for doubtful
accounts, income taxes including the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets. While the Company believes that the estimates and assumptions
used in the preparation of the financial statements are appropriate, actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates and
assumptions are periodically reviewed, and the effects of revisions are reflected in the financial statements in the period they are
determined to be necessary. 

F-12 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents 

Cash
and cash equivalents include cash on hand and cash in time deposits, certificates of deposit and all highly liquid instruments with original
maturities of three months or less. 

Inventories 

Inventories,
mainly consisting of stock items prepared as gifts for the member customers and multi-functional demonstration machine, are stated at
the lower of cost or net realizable value utilizing the weighted average method. Cost includes all costs of purchase, cost of conversion
and other costs incurred to bring the inventories to their present location and condition. Net realizable value is the estimated selling
price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion of the service and the estimated costs necessary to delivering
the service. 

The
valuation of inventory requires the Company to estimate excess and slow-moving inventories. The Company evaluates the recoverability
of the inventory based on expected demand and market conditions of art trading service. 

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets 

The
Company s long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of the asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of an asset to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying
amount of the asset to the future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such asset is considered to be impaired,
the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value. Impairment
evaluations involve management s estimates on asset useful lives and future cash flows. Actual useful lives and cash flows could
be different from those estimated by management which could have a material effect on our reporting results and financial position. Fair
value is determined through various valuation techniques including discounted cash flow models, quoted market values and third-party
independent appraisals, as considered necessary. 

Plant and Equipment 

Plant and equipment consist of computer, office
furniture and equipment, and leasehold improvement. All plant and equipment are stated at historical cost net of accumulated depreciation.
Repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. Plant and equipment are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the following periods: 

Depreciation
is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. 

Electronic equipment 

3-5 years 

Furniture and Fixture 

5 years 

Motor vehicles 

4 years 

Computer software 

5 years 

Leasehold improvements 

5
 years 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

The
Company adopted ASC 820 Fair Value Measurements, which defines fair value, establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy
for disclosures of fair value measurement and enhances disclosures requirements for fair value measures. Current assets and current liabilities
qualified as financial instruments and management believes their carrying amounts are a reasonable estimate of fair value because of
the short period of time between the origination of such instruments and their expected realization and if applicable, their current
interest rate is equivalent to interest rates currently available. 

 The
three levels are defined as follow: 

Level 1 
 
 inputs to the
 valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. 

Level 2 
 
 inputs to the valuation
 methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the assets
 or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instruments. 

Level 3 
 
 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable
 and significant to the fair value. 

As
of the balance sheet date, the estimated fair values of the financial instruments approximated their fair values due to the short-term
nature of these instruments. 

The
Company evaluates the hierarchy disclosures each year to determine which category an asset or liability falls within the hierarchy. 

F-13 

Leases 

We
determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use ROU assets, operating lease liabilities - current, and operating lease liabilities - noncurrent on the balance sheets. Finance leases are
included in property and equipment, other current liabilities, and other long-term liabilities in our balance sheets. The
initial lease liability is equal to the future fixed minimum lease payments discounted using the Company s incremental borrowing
rate, on a secured basis. The initial measurement of the right-of-use asset is equal to the initial lease liability plus any initial
direct costs and prepayments, less any lease incentives. 

ROU
assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease
payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present
value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we generally use our incremental
borrowing rate based on the estimated rate of interest for collateralized borrowing over a similar term of the lease payments at commencement
date. The operating lease ROU asset also includes any lease payments made and excludes lease incentives. Our lease terms may include
options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. Lease expense for lease payments
is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company adopted ASC 606 requires the use of a new five-step model to recognize revenue from customer contracts. The five-step model requires
entities to exercise judgment when considering the terms of contracts, which includes (1) identifying the contracts or agreements with
a customer, (2) identifying our performance obligations in the contract or agreement, (3) determining the transaction price, (4) allocating
the transaction price to the separate performance obligations, and (5) recognizing revenue as each performance obligation is satisfied.
The Company has concluded that the new guidance did not require any significant change to its revenue recognition processes. 

The
Company operates an online and offline cultural service platform, through which dedicated to create industry standards for art investment
and creating a model of online art exchanges and transactions, which allows collectors, artists, art dealers and owners to access a much
larger art trading market, allowing them to engage with a wide range of collectibles or artwork investors. 

The
service includes trading facilitation, appraisal of treasures, consignment of artworks, storage of artworks and all-in-one advertising
service, etc. 

The
Company derives its revenues from (1) platform membership service fee for member customers and (2) trading commission income, and (3)
sales of all-in-one demonstration machine. 

Membership
service income 

The
Company recognizes membership fee revenue as the performance obligations are satisfied over time, usually, recognized on an average over
the life of membership. The general contract terms of membership service include timeframe of the service, pricing and payment terms,
rights and obligations of parties, performance test criteria, and liability for breach of contract. Payments received in advance
from customers are recorded as advance from customers in the audited consolidated balance sheets. Advance from
customers is recognized as revenue over the passage of time. Such advance payment received are non-refundable. 

The
cost of revenue consists primarily of platform maintenance expenses which are directly attributable to the membership fee revenue, including
but not limited to service charges for cloud computing, items prepared as gifts for the member, and
related expenses. 

Artwork
Trading Service commission income 

Artwork
trading service commission income includes commission from artwork price guarantee service, and artwork ownership transfer facilitate
service through the online platform. The Company charges both the buyer and the seller a commission based on the artwork trading amount.
The revenue is derived from contracts with customers, which primarily include payment terms, rights and obligations of parties, acceptance
criteria, and liability for breach of contract. The Company s sales arrangements do not contain variable consideration. The Company
recognizes revenue at a point in time based on management s evaluation of when performance obligations under the terms of a contract
with the customer are satisfied and the related artworks transactions has been successfully completed. 

F-14 

Sales
of multi-functional demonstration machine and tablets 

The
Company recognizes revenue when the transaction price is allocated to the performance obligations identified in the contracts or agreements
with customer upon the delivery of multi-functional demonstration machine has completed. 

The
Company did not recognize any trading commission income for the year ended June 30, 2021 and 2020. 

Advertising
Expenses 

Advertising costs, mainly including promotion
expense for the APP launching, are expensed as incurred and the total amounts charged to selling and marketing expenses 
in the audited consolidated statements of income and comprehensive loss were 2,845,139 and 499,954 for the year ended June 30, 2021
and 2020, respectively. 

Shipping and handling 

All outbound shipping and handling costs are expensed
as incurred. 

New
Accounting Pronouncements 

In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12
- Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes. This ASU provides an exception to the general methodology for
calculating income taxes in an interim period when a year-to-date loss exceeds the anticipated loss for the year. This update also (1)
requires an entity to recognize a franchise tax (or similar tax) that is partially based on income as an income-based tax and account
for any incremental amount incurred as a non-income-based tax, (2) requires an entity to evaluate when a step-up in the tax basis of goodwill
should be considered part of the business combination in which goodwill was originally recognized for accounting purposes and when it
should be considered a separate transaction, and (3) requires that an entity reflect the effect of an enacted change in tax laws or rates
in the annual effective tax rate computation in the interim period that includes the enactment date. The standard is effective for the
Company for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently in the process of
evaluating the impact of the adoption on its consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-02,
 Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326) and Leases (topic 842) Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to SEC Staff
Accounting Bulletin No. 119 and Update to SEC Section on Effective Date Related to Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, Leases (topic
842) . This ASU provides guidance regarding methodologies, documentation, and internal controls related to expected credit losses.
This ASU is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is
evaluating the impact of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements. 

In
August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-13, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820), Disclosure Framework Changes to
the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurement, which makes a number of changes meant to add, modify or remove certain
disclosure requirements associated with the movement amongst or hierarchy associated with Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 fair value measurements.
The amendments in this Update modify the disclosure requirements on fair value measurements based on the concepts in FASB Concepts Statement,
Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting Chapter 8: Notes to Financial Statements, including the consideration of costs and
benefits. The amendments on changes in unrealized gains and losses, the range and weighted average of significant unobservable inputs
used to develop Level 3 fair value measurements, and the narrative description of measurement uncertainty should be applied prospectively
for only the most recent interim or annual period presented in the initial fiscal year of adoption. All other amendments should be applied
retrospectively to all periods presented upon their effective date. The amendments are effective for all entities for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2019, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating
the potential impacts of ASU 2018-13 on its consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases
(Topic 842). The guidance supersedes existing guidance on accounting for leases with the main difference being that operating
leases are to be recorded in the statement of financial position as right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, initially measured at
the present value of the lease payments. For operating leases with a term of 12 months or less, a lessee is permitted to make an accounting
policy election not to recognize lease assets and liabilities. For public business entities, the guidance is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application of the guidance is permitted.
In transition, entities are required to recognize and measure leases at the beginning of the earliest period presented using a modified
retrospective approach. The Company adopted ASU 2016-02 on July 1, 2019 and recognize operating lease liabilities with corresponding right
of use ROU assets of the same amount based on the present value of the remaining minimum rental payments under current
leasing standards for existing operating leases with a term longer than 12 months. 

F-15 

The
Company does not believe other recently issued but not yet effective accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material
impact on its the consolidated financial position, statements of operations and cash flows. 

NOTE
3 GOING CONCERN 

The accompanying audited consolidated financial
statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern; however, the Company has incurred a net loss
of 8,445,157 for the year ended June 30, 2021. As of June 30, 2021, the Company had an accumulated deficit of 33,499,423, working capital
deficit of 17,113,370. 

In
order to continue as a going concern, the Company will need, among other things, additional capital resources. Management s plan
is to obtain such resources for the Company by obtaining capital from management and significant shareholders sufficient to meet its
minimal operating expenses and seeking third party equity and/or debt financing. However, management cannot provide any assurances that
the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans. These financial statements do not include any adjustments related to
the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company
be unable to continue as a going concern. 

NOTE 4 ACCOUNT RECEIVABLES 

June 30, 
 
 June 30, 

2021 
 
 2020 

Account receivables 

- 

3,364,041 

Less: allowance for doubtful accounts 

- 

- 

Total, net 

- 

3,364,041 

NOTE
5 INVENTORY 

Inventory
consisted of the following: 

June 30, 
 
 June 30, 

2021 
 
 2020 

Finished goods 

109,381 

439,811 

Less: allowance for obsolete inventory 

- 

- 

Total, net 

109,381 

439,811 

Inventory consists of gifts for members and multi-functional
demonstration machine. Obsolete inventory amounted to Nil and Nil for the year ended June 30, 2021 and 2020. 

NOTE
6 INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

Intangible
assets consisted of the following: 

June 30 
 June 30, 

2021 
 2020 

Membership management system 
 466,322 
 437,516 
 
 Accounting system 
 1,712 
 1,562 

468,034 
 439,078 
 
 Less: Accumulated amortization 
 (228,968 
 (119,311 
 
 Total, net 
 239,066 
 319,767 

Amortization
expense amounted to 95,739 and 47,576 for the year ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

The
membership management system was acquired from Guangdong Cangbaotianxia Art Co., Ltd, a related party of the Company on March 31, 2019. 

F-16 

NOTE
7 PLANT EQUIPMENT 

Plant
and equipment, net, is consisted of the following: 

June 30, 2021 
 June 30, 2020 

Furniture and fixtures 
 18,257 
 16,659 
 
 Automobile 
 180,523 

198,780 
 16,659 
 
 Less: Accumulate depreciation 
 (14,077 
 (4,978 
 
 Total, net 
 184,703 
 11,681 

Depreciation
expenses was 8,405 and 2,472 for the year ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

NOTE
8 - ADVANCE TO SUPPLIERS 

Advance
to suppliers consisted of the following: 

June 30, 
 
 June 30, 

2021 
 
 2020 

Multimedia tablets 

5,228,488 

- 

Marketing services 

3,652,262 

1,384,437 

Gifts for members 

139,549 

380,307 

Others 

232,213 

468,319 

Total, net 

9,252,512 

2,233,063 

The
Company is required to make advance payments to the suppliers for the customized multimedia tablets to be manufactured and for firmware
updates and maintenance services covering a period of three years to be provided by the supplier. According to the agreement, the
remaining balance is due upon delivery of the tablets, and the advances are non-refundable while only defective goods can be exchanged. 

NOTE
9 ADVANCE FROM CUSTOMERS 

Advance
from customers consisted of the following: 

June
 30, 2021 
 June
 30, 2020 

Multimedia demonstration machines 
 - 
 - 
 
 Multimedia tablets 
 17,256,693 
 - 
 
 Total, net 
 17,256,693 
 - 

The Company collects payments in advance for multimedia
tablets. Such advances are partially refundable prior to delivery of goods and defective goods can be exchanged for replacement. Such
advances may be recognized as revenues when the goods are delivered to and accepted by customers. 

F-17 

NOTE 10 REVENUE AND COST OF REVENUE 

June 30, 
 
 June 30, 

2021 
 
 2020 
 
 Revenue 

Membership service income 

455,957 

6,470,168 

Multimedia tablets 

847,529 

683,780 

1,303,486 

7,153,948 

Cost of revenue 

Membership service income 

214,842 

3,633,369 
 
 Multimedia tablets 

1,515,970 

371,805 

1,730,812 

4,005,174 

Gross profit 

(427,326) 

3,148,774 

NOTE
11 LEASE 

The
Company has operating leases for multimedia tablets which the Company sublease to customers. These leases have remaining lease terms
of 1 year to 3 years. The Company has elected to not recognize lease assets and liabilities for leases with a term less than twelve months. 

Operating
lease right-of-use assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease
term. The discount rate used to calculate present value is incremental borrowing rate or, if available, the rate implicit in the lease.
The Company determines the incremental borrowing rate for each lease based primarily on its lease term in PRC which is approximately
4.75 . 

Operating lease expenses were 1,499,902 and
 Nil for the year ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

The future minimum lease payment schedule as follows: 

As of June 30, 

2022 

3,233,130 

2023 

3,233,130 

2024 

1,643,681 

2025 

110,458 

Thereafter 

- 

Total 

8,220,399 

NOTE
12 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

The
related parties consisted of the following: 

Name
 of related party 
 
 Nature
 of relationship 
 
 Mr. Xingtao Zhou 
 
 Majority shareholder of the Company 
 
 Guangdong Cangbaotianxia Art Co., Ltd 
 
 A Company with significant influence 
 
 Xi 'an Cangbaotianxia Art Co., Ltd 
 
 A Company with significant influence 

Related
party sale and Account receivable - related parties 

During
the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company made sales of 92,878 to Guangdong Cangbaotianxia Art Co., Ltd. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020,
the outstanding balance of accounts receivable - related parties was 92,878 and 0, respectively. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company made sales of 21,486 to Xi 'an Cangbaotianxia Art Co., Ltd. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020,
the outstanding balance of accounts receivable - related parties was 21,486 and 0, respectively. 

Due
to related parties 

During
the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company received 33,748 in advance from Mr. Xingtao Zhou. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the outstanding
balance payable to Mr. Xingtao Zhou was 128,793 and 95,045 respectively. 

Due
from related parties 

During
the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company paid 1,083,575 to Mr. Xingtao Zhou. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the balance receivable from
Mr. Xingtao Zhou was 1,083,575 and 28,055 respectively. 

The
amount is due on demand and non-interest bearing without any formal agreement. 

F-18 

NOTE
13 EQUITY 

Preferred
Stock 

The
Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of .001 par value preferred shares. On June 19, 2018, the Company created 10,000,000
shares of Series A Preferred Stock, out of the 10,000,000 shares that were already authorized. On that same date, the Company issued
10,000,000 shares of the Series A preferred stock to Custodian Ventures LLC, the company controlled by David Lazar, Chief Executive Officer
for services valued at 4,000,000. 

The
following is a description of the material rights of our Series A Preferred Stock: 

Each
share of Series A Preferred Stock shall have a par value of 0.001 per share. The Series A Preferred Stock shall vote on any matter that
may from time to time be submitted to the Company s shareholders for a vote, on a 1 for one basis. If the Company effects a stock
split which either increases or decreases the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding and entitled to vote, the voting rights of
the Series A shall not be subject to adjustment unless specifically authorized. 

Each
share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be convertible at a rate of 0.0000025 per share of Common Stock Conversion Ratio ),
at the option of a Holder, at any time and from time to time, from and after the issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock. 

Subject
to the rights of any existing series of Preferred Stock or to the rights of any series of Preferred Stock which may from time to time
hereafter come into existence, the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends, out of any assets
legally available therefor, upon any payment of any dividend (payable other than in Common Stock or other securities and rights convertible
into or entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly or indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock of the Corporation) on the
Common Stock of the Corporation, as and if declared by the Board of Directors, as if the Series A Preferred Stock had been converted
into Common Stock. Subject to the rights of any existing series of Preferred Stock or to the rights of any series of Preferred Stock
which may from time to time hereafter come into existence, the payment of any dividends on the any series or classes of stock of the
Corporation shall be subject to any priority set forth in Paragraph (I)(c)(3) of Article FIFTH of the Articles of Incorporation, as such
may from time to time be amended. 

In
the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, subject to the rights of
any existing series of Preferred Stock or to the rights of any series of Preferred Stock which may from time to time hereafter come into
existence, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any
of the assets of the Corporation to the holders of Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to the
price per share actually paid to the Corporation upon the initial issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock (each, the the Original
Issue Price for each share of Series A Preferred Stock then held by them, plus declared but unpaid dividends. Unless the Corporation
can establish a different Original Issue Price in connection with a particular sale of Series A Preferred Stock, the Original issue price
shall be 0.001 per share for the Series A Preferred Stock. If, upon the occurrence of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
the Corporation, the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit
the payment to such holders of the full aforesaid preferential amounts, then, subject to the rights of any existing series of Preferred
Stock or to the rights of any series of Preferred Stock which may from time to time hereafter come into existence, the entire assets
and funds of the corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the each series of
Preferred Stock in proportion to the preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled to receive. 

The
Series A Preferred Stock shares are nonredeemable other than upon the mutual agreement of the Company and the holder of shares to be
redeemed, and even in such case only to the extent permitted by this Certificate of Designation, the Corporation s Articles of
Incorporation and applicable law. 

Series
A Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share, at
the office of the Corporation or any transfer agent for such stock, into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common
Stock as is determined by dividing the Original Issue Price of the Series A Preferred Stock by the Series A Conversion Price applicable
to such share, determined as hereafter provided, in effect on the date the certificate is surrendered for conversion. The initial Series
A Conversion Price per share shall be 0.0000025 for shares of Series A Preferred Stock. 

Each
share of Series A Preferred Stock shall automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the applicable Series A Conversion
Price in effect for such share immediately upon the earlier of (i) except as provided below in Section 4(c), the Corporation s
sale of its Common Stock in a public offering pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; (ii)
a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation as defined in section 2(c) above but subject to any liquidation preference
required by section 2(a) above; or (iii) the date specified by written consent or agreement of the holders of a majority of the then
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock. 

F-19 

The
holder of each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall have the right to one vote for each share of Series A Preferred Stock, and with
respect to such vote, such holder shall have full voting rights and powers equal to the voting rights and powers of the holders of Common
Stock, and shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders meeting in accordance with the bylaws of the Corporation, and shall
be entitled to vote, together with holders of Common Stock, with respect to any question upon which holders of Common Stock have the
right to vote. Fractional votes shall not, however, be permitted and any fractional voting rights shall be rounded to the nearest whole
number (with one-half being rounded upward). 

On
February 14, 2019, the Company issued 32,000,000 common shares to shareholders pursuant to the conversion of 80,000 shares of Series
A Preferred Stock at a conversion price of 0.0000025 per common share. 

As
of June 30, 2021, 9,920,000 preferred shares remain outstanding, which are owned by Xingtao Zhou, CEO. 

Common
Stock 

On
June 19, 2018, the Company issued 3,096,200 shares of common stock issued at par value of 0.001, for services valued at 3,096 to Custodian
Ventures, LLC, the company controlled by David Lazar. 

On
February 14, 2019, the Company issued 32,000,000 common shares to shareholders pursuant to the conversion of 80,000 shares of Series
A Preferred Stock at a conversion price of 0.0000025 per common share. 

On
July 27, 2020 (the Closing Date ), Cang Bao entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the Exchange Agreement by and among (i) Cang Bao, (ii) Zhi Yuan Limited, a Cayman Islands company Cayman Company ), and (iii) the three beneficial
shareholders of Cayman Company (each, a Cayman Company Shareholder and collectively, the Cayman Company Shareholders 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Exchange Agreement, the Cayman Company Shareholders agreed to sell to Cang Bao, and Cang Bao agreed to purchase,
all shares of Cayman Company held by them, which shares represent 100 of the issued and outstanding shares of Cayman Company. In exchange,
Cang Bao agreed to issue to the Cayman Company Shareholders an aggregate of 75,000,000 shares of common stock, representing approximately
67.98 of Cang Bao s total issued and outstanding common stock (the Share Exchange ). 

As
of June 30, 2021, 110,319,245 common shares are issued and outstanding with a par value of 0.001. 

Restricted
net assets 

The
Company s ability to pay dividends is primarily dependent on the Company receiving distributions of funds from its subsidiary or
VIE. Relevant PRC statutory laws and regulations permit payments of dividends by Shanghai Cangyun, Hainan Cangbao, and Shanghai Cangbao
only out of its retained earnings, if any, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations and after it has
met the PRC requirements for appropriation to statutory reserves. Paid in capital of the PRC subsidiary and VIE and VIE s subsidiaries
included in the Company s consolidated net assets are also non-distributable for dividend purposes. The results of operations reflected
in the accompanying consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP differ from those reflected in the statutory
financial statements of Shanghai Cangyun, Hainan Cangbao, and Shanghai Cangbao. The Company is required to set aside at least 10 of
their after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund certain statutory reserve funds until such reserve funds reach 50 of its registered
capital. In addition, the Company may allocate a portion of its after-tax profits based on PRC accounting standards to enterprise expansion
fund and staff bonus and welfare fund at its discretion. The statutory reserve funds and the discretionary funds are not distributable
as cash dividends. 

The
ability of the Company s PRC subsidiary and VIE and VIE s subsidiaries to make dividends and other payments to the Company
may also be restricted by changes in applicable foreign exchange and other laws and regulations. Foreign currency exchange regulation
in China is primarily governed by the following rules: 

Foreign Exchange Administration Rules (1996), as amended
 in August 2008, or the Exchange Rules; 

Administration Rules of the Settlement, Sale and Payment
 of Foreign Exchange (1996), or the Administration Rules. 

F-20 

Currently,
under the Administration Rules, Renminbi is freely convertible for current account items, including the distribution of dividends, interest
payments, trade and service related foreign exchange transactions, but not for capital account items, such as direct investments, loans,
repatriation of investments and investments in securities outside of China, unless the prior approval of the State Administration of
Foreign Exchange (the SAFE is obtained and prior registration with the SAFE is made. Foreign-invested enterprises like
Rise King WFOE that need foreign exchange for the distribution of profits to its shareholders may affect payment from their foreign exchange
accounts or purchase and pay foreign exchange rates at the designated foreign exchange banks to their foreign shareholders by producing
board resolutions for such profit distribution. Based on their needs, foreign-invested enterprises are permitted to open foreign exchange
settlement accounts for current account receipts and payments of foreign exchange along with specialized accounts for capital account
receipts and payments of foreign exchange at certain designated foreign exchange banks. 

Although
the current Exchange Rules allow the convertibility of Chinese Renminbi into foreign currency for current account items, conversion of
Chinese Renminbi into foreign exchange for capital items, such as foreign direct investment, loans or securities, requires the approval
of SAFE, which is under the authority of the People s Bank of China. These approvals, however, do not guarantee the availability
of foreign currency conversion. The Company cannot be sure that it will be able to obtain all required conversion approvals for its operations
or the Chinese regulatory authorities will not impose greater restrictions on the convertibility of Chinese Renminbi in the future. Currently,
most of the Company s retained earnings are generated in Renminbi. Any future restrictions on currency exchanges may limit the
Company s ability to use its retained earnings generated in Renminbi to make dividends or other payments in U.S. dollars or fund
possible business activities outside China. 

The
Company s VIE and its subsidiaries in Renminbi included in the Company consolidated net assets, aside from statutory reserve
funds, that may be affected by increased restrictions on currency exchanges in the future and accordingly may further limit the Company s
PRC subsidiary and VIE and VIE s subsidiaries ability to make dividends or other payments in U.S. dollars to the Company,
in addition to restricted net assets as discussed above. 

NOTE
14 INCOME TAXES 

United
States of America 

Cang
Bao Tian Xia International Art Trade Center Inc is incorporated in the State of Nevada and is subject to Nevada and US Federal tax laws.
Cang Bao has not recognized an income tax benefit for its operating losses based on uncertainties concerning its ability to generate
taxable in future period. 

The
components of deferred tax assets and liabilities as follows: 

June
 30, 2021 
 June
 30, 2020 
 
 Deferred tax asset 

Net operating losses carry forwards 
 33,748 
 84,539 
 
 Valuation allowance 
 (33,748 
 (84,539 
 
 Deferred tax asset, net 
 - 
 - 

Cayman
Islands 

Under
the current laws of Cayman Islands, Zhi Yuan Limited is not subject to tax on income or capital gain. In addition, payments of dividends
by the Company to their shareholders are not subject to withholding tax in the Cayman Islands. 

Hong
Kong 

Cang Yun (Hong Kong) Limited was incorporated
under the Hong Kong tax laws, and the statutory income tax rate was 16.5 . Cang Yun (Hong Kong) Limited has no operating profit or tax
liabilities as of June 30, 2021 and 2020. 

F-21 

China,
PRC 

Shanghai
Cangyun Management Consulting Co.,Ltd., Hainan Cangbao Tianxia Cultural Relic Co., Ltd. and Cangbao Tianxia (Shanghai) Cultural Relic
Co.,Ltd. were incorporated in the PRC and are subject to PRC Enterprise Income Tax EIT on the taxable income in accordance
with the relevant PRC income tax laws. On March 16, 2007, the National People s Congress enacted a new enterprise income tax law,
which took effect on January 1, 2008. The law applies a uniform 25 enterprise income tax rate to both foreign invested enterprises and
domestic enterprises. 

The
Company has not recognized an income tax benefit for its operating losses based on uncertainties concerning its ability to generate taxable
income in future periods. 

The
components of deferred tax assets and liabilities as follows: 

June 30, 
 2021 

June 30, 
 2020 
 
 Net operating losses carry forwards 

8,411,409 

1,875,475 

Valuation allowance 

(8,411,409) 

(1,875,475) 
 
 Deferred tax asset, net 

- 

- 

Accounting
for Uncertainty in Income Taxes 

The
tax authority of the PRC government conducts periodic and ad hoc tax filing reviews on business enterprises operating in the PRC after
those enterprises complete their relevant tax filings. Therefore, the Company s PRC entities tax filings results are subject
to change. It is therefore uncertain as to whether the PRC tax authority may take different views about the Company s PRC entities 
tax filings, which may lead to additional tax liabilities. 

ASC
740 requires recognition and measurement of uncertain income tax positions using a more-likely-than-not approach. The management
evaluated the Company s tax positions and concluded that no provision for uncertainty in income taxes was necessary as of June
30, 2021 and 2020. 

NOTE
15 CONCENTRATIONS, RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES 

Credit
risk 

Cash
deposits with banks are held in financial institutions in PRC, which are insured with deposit protection up to RMB500,000 (approximately
 70,089). Accordingly, the Company has a concentration of credit risk related to the uninsured part of bank deposits. The Company has
not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes it is not exposed to significant credit risk. 

Concentration 

The
Company has a concentration risk related to the suppliers. Failure to maintain existing relationships with the suppliers or to establish
new relationships in the future could negatively affect the Company s operations. 

The
concentration on purchases from suppliers as follows: 

For the year
 ended 
 
 For the year
 ended 

June
 30, 2021 
 
 June
 30, 2020 

Amount 

Amount 

Supplier A 

3,710,000 

67.1 

- 

- 

Supplier B 

965,055 

17.4 

- 

- 

Supplier C 

756,017 

13.7 

- 

- 

Supplier D 

- 

- 

4,597,300 

30.4 

Supplier E 

- 

- 

4,597,300 

30.4 

Supplier F 

- 

- 

3,765,043 

24.9 

5,431,072 

98.2 

12,959,643 

85.6 

F-22 

Risks
of Variable Interest Entities Structure 

Although
the structure the Company has adopted is consistent with longstanding industry practice, and is commonly adopted by comparable companies
in China, the PRC government may not agree that these arrangements comply with PRC licensing, registration or other regulatory requirements,
with existing policies or with requirements or policies that may be adopted in the future. There are uncertainties regarding the interpretation
and application of PRC laws and regulations including those that govern the Company s contractual arrangements, which could limit
the Company s ability to enforce these contractual arrangements. If the Company or any of its variable interest entities are found
to be in violation of any existing or future PRC laws, rules or regulations, or fail to obtain or maintain any of the required permits
or approvals, the relevant PRC regulatory authorities would have broad discretion to take action in dealing with such violations or failures,
including levying fines, revoking business and other licenses of the Company s variable interest entities, requiring the Company
to discontinue or restrict its operations, restricting its right to collect revenue, requiring the Company to restructure its operations
or taking other regulatory or enforcement actions against the Company. In addition, it is unclear what impact the PRC government actions
would have on the Company and on its ability to consolidate the financial results of its variable interest entities in the consolidated
financial statements, if the PRC government authorities were to find the Company s legal structure and contractual arrangements
to be in violation of PRC laws, rules and regulations. If the imposition of any of these government actions causes the Company to lose
its right to direct the activities of Hainan Cangbao and Shanghai Cangbao or the right to receive their economic benefits, the Company
would no longer be able to consolidate the Hainan Cangbao and Shanghai Cangbao. 

COVID-19
outbreak 

In
March 2020 the World Health Organization declared coronavirus COVID-19 a global pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted
the global economy, workforces, customers, and created significant volatility and disruption of financial markets. It has also disrupted
the normal operations of many businesses, including ours. This outbreak could decrease spending, adversely affect demand for our services
and harm our business and results of operations. It is not possible for us to predict the duration or magnitude of the adverse results
of the outbreak and its effects on our business or results of operations at this time. Since April 2020, the Company gradually resumed
operations and is now operating at full capacity. 

NOTE
16 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

The
Company evaluates subsequent events that have occurred after the balance sheet date but before the financial statements are issued. There
are two types of subsequent events: (1) recognized, or those that provide additional evidence with respect to conditions that existed
at the dates of the balance sheets, including the estimates inherent in the process of preparing financial statements, and (2) non-recognized,
or those that provide evidence with respect to conditions that did not exist at the date of the balance sheet but arose subsequent to
that date. 

The
Company evaluates subsequent events that have occurred after the balance sheet date but before the financial statements are issued. Based
on this evaluation, the Company concluded that subsequent to June 30, 2021 but prior to the date the financial statements were available
to be issued, and has determined that it does not have any material events to disclose. 

F-23 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 txcb_ex31z1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Xingtao Zhou, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form
10-K of CANG BAO XIA INTERNATIONAL ART TRADE CENTER, INC. for the year ended June 30, 2021; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

(a) designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) all significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: October 13, 2021 
 /s/ Xingtao Zhou 

Xingtao Zhou 

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 txcb_ex32z1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of CANG BAO XIA INTERNATIONAL
ART TRADE CENTER, INC. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Xingtao Zhou, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff
upon request. 

Date: October 13, 2021 
 /s/ Xingtao Zhou 

Xingtao Zhou 

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff
upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 txcb-20210630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 txcb-20210630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 txcb-20210630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 txcb-20210630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 txcb-20210630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 txcb-20210630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

