<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211229_10-K_edgar_data_1502966_0001493152-21-032711.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7361193</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>196061</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1418263</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2236667</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1580965</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1748847</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-21-032711.hdr.sgml : 20211229
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211229170554
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-21-032711
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		101
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211229
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211229

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Digipath, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001502966
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		IRS NUMBER:				273601979
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54239
		FILM NUMBER:		211529632

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6450 CAMERON ST., SUITE 113
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89118
		BUSINESS PHONE:		702-527-2060

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6450 CAMERON ST., SUITE 113
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89118

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DigiPath,Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20101006

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-21-032711.txt : 20211229

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
 SECURITIES
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the fiscal year ended , 
 
 OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
 SECURITIES
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the transition period from ____________ to ____________ 

Commission
 file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

 , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices and zip code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading 
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

No

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes

The
aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant based upon the closing price of
 0.05 per share as of March 31, 2021 was approximately . 

As
of December 27, 2021, there were 
 shares of registrant s common stock
outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: None 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 4 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 7 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 
 8 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 8 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 8 
 
 PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 9 
 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 
 11 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 12 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 17 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 18 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 19 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 19 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 19 
 
 PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 20 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 21 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 24 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 25 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 25 
 
 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 26 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 
 28 

PART
I 

Forward
Looking Statements 

This
Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements including statements regarding our expectations of our future operations.
For this purpose, any statements contained in this Form 10-K that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking
statements. Without limiting the foregoing, words such as may, will, expect, believe, 
 anticipate, estimate, or continue or comparable terminology are intended to identify forward-looking
statements. These statements by their nature involve substantial risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially depending
on a variety of factors, many of which are not within our control. 

These
risks and uncertainties include demand for our products and services, governmental regulation of the cannabis industry, our ability to
maintain customer and strategic business relationships, the impact of competitive products and pricing, growth in targeted markets, the
adequacy of our liquidity and financial strength to support our growth, general economic and market conditions; our ability to sustain,
manage, or forecast growth, our ability to successfully make and integrate acquisitions, new product development and introduction, existing
government regulations and changes in, or the failure to comply with, government regulations, adverse publicity, difficulty in forecasting
operating results, change in business strategy or development plans, business disruptions, and the ability to attract and retain qualified
personnel. Although the forward-looking statements in this report reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements
can only be based on facts and factors currently known by them. In light of these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place
undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to announce publicly revisions
we make to these forward-looking statements to reflect the effect of events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this report.
All written and oral forward-looking statements made subsequent to the date of this report and attributable to us or persons acting on
our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by this section. 

ITEM
1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

Overview 

Digipath, Inc. was incorporated
in Nevada on October 5, 2010. Digipath, Inc. and its subsidiaries Digipath, the Company, we, 
 our or us is a service-oriented independent testing laboratory and data analytics company
focused on the developing cannabis and hemp markets, and supports the cannabis industry s best practices for reliable testing.
Our mission is to provide pharmaceutical-grade analysis and testing to the cannabis industry, under ISO-17025:2017 guidelines, to ensure
consumers and patients know exactly what is in the cannabis they ingest and to help maximize the quality of our clients products
through research, development, and standardization. Digipath has been operating a cannabis-testing lab in Nevada since 2015 and has plans
to open labs in other states that have legalized the sale of cannabis, beginning with California. 

Business 

Our
cannabis testing business is operated through our wholly owned subsidiary, Digipath Labs, Inc., which performs all cannabis related testing
using FDA-compliant laboratory equipment and processes. We opened our first testing lab in Las Vegas, Nevada in May of 2015 to serve
the new State approved and licensed medical marijuana industry. We have plans to open labs in other legal states, assuming resources
permit. 

We
seek to be the nation s highest standard, full-service testing lab for cannabis, hemp and ancillary cannabis and hemp infused products.
We are a third party independent testing laboratory facility for cannabis, cannabis infused products, hemp and other botanical nutraceuticals
to serve growers, dispensaries, caregivers, producers, patients and eventually all end users of cannabis and botanical products. 

Our
mission is to provide pharmaceutical-grade analysis and testing to the cannabis and hemp industry, under ISO-17025:2017 guidelines, to
ensure consumers and patients know exactly what is in the cannabis and hemp they ingest and to help maximize the quality of our client s
products through research, development and standardization. 

1 

As
a premier cannabis and hemp testing laboratory with ISO-17025:2017 accreditation, we take a careful, strategic approach to all of our
cannabis and hemp testing. A diverse array of tests combined with our lab equipment and analytical instrumentation enable us to accurately
test cannabis and hemp for potency, the presence of pesticides, microbial contamination, metals and heavy metals, which include, but
are not limited to, substances like arsenic, cadmium, lead, or mercury. Not only is testing for potency and Cannabidiol CBD and tetrahydrocannabinol THC content important, we recognize that more profound testing is needed particularly as a true
national standard is developed. Digipath Labs is committed to follow Food and Drug Administration FDA ), Drug Enforcement
Agency DEA ), Environmental Protection Agency EPA ), US Department of Agriculture USDA guidelines,
proprietary standard operating procedures SOP ), and Good Lab Practices GLP that are in line with current
Federal and State governing bodies. We utilize a variety of tests to safely and effectively share enhanced understanding of the cannabis
plant with caregivers, dispensaries and patients. We are committed to the advancement of science by offering a method of standardization
for cannabis that is intricate and accurate. This approach and our investment in state-of-the-art testing equipment are of the utmost
importance. 

Digipath
Labs screens medicinal and recreational cannabis for potentially harmful contaminants, including: 

Residual Solvents (for extracts) 

Moisture 

Water Activity 

Visual Inspection 

Pesticides 

Heavy metals, including mercury, arsenic, lead, cadmium, chromium and nickel 

Biological toxins, such as aflatoxin and ocratoxins 

Microbial contaminants including E. coli, salmonella, coliforms, aspergillus, gram negative bacteria, total aerobic bacteria and mold
and yeast 

Digipath
Labs also tests cannabis and hemp for its quality, potency, and cannabinoid and terpene profiles, which determine the suitability of
specific chemoprofiles for the treatment of specific ailments. 

We
utilize one of our two Ultra-High Performance Liquid Chromatographs UPLC ), which accurately separates and measures the
cannabinoid content of any sample of flower, edible, concentrate or other cannabis products. Our Inductively Coupled Plasma Mass Spectrometer ICP-MS is utilized for heavy metals testing, and provides accurate readings for harmful metals ensuring that the Parts
Per Billion PPB are substantially below the regulated and accepted trace amounts. Our laboratory testing equipment is
calibrated using third party reference standards to ensure precision measurements throughout the testing process and has been certified
by ISO-17025:2017 standards. 

With
accurate science becoming a major part of the cannabis and hemp industry, the major question is one of standards; we hold ourselves accountable
and provide efficient and accurate research and results to our clients. Our test results are meant to help dispensaries, caregivers and
patients know the concentration and quality of their cannabis without having to question the credibility of the data. 

Market
Overview 

According
to New Frontier Data, a cannabis researcher based in Washington, D.C., the hemp CBD business worldwide will grow from 4.4 billion in
2018 to over 14.7 billion by 2026, and the worldwide cannabis industry in 2019 generated 15 Billion. In 2024 that will increase to
 44.8 Billion. Total legal sales of cannabis in current legal states are projected to grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of
14 over the next six years, reaching nearly 30 billion by 2025. This figure takes into account the likely projection that more states
will legalize. Currently, forty-two states and the District of Columbia have passed some kind of medical and/or adult use marijuana laws. 

Annual
 sales of medical cannabis are projected to grow at a 17 CAGR through 2025, to an estimated 13.1 billion by 2025; adult-use sales
 are projected to grow at a 16 CAGR, to 16.6 billion. 

An
 estimated 38.4 million U.S. adults consume cannabis at least once annually, from either a legal or illicit source. 

36 
 of cannabis consumers report using cannabis daily, and 59 use cannabis at least once a week. 

With
increased legalization nationwide, the lab-testing sector is expected to experience substantial growth. According to The Insight Partners,
the cannabis testing market is expected to reach approximately 2.5 billion in 2025, with an estimated CAGR of 11.9 from 2017-2025.
The data troves collected through the testing process are already creating value and could become an increasingly valuable asset and
generate substantial revenue for the most accomplished laboratories. This data could also be used to determine specific genetic attributes
of targeted cannabinoids and assist with maximizing medicinal benefits and individualized medicine in the future. 

2 

Competition 

The
cannabis industry in the United States is highly fragmented, rapidly expanding and evolving. The industry is characterized by new and
potentially disruptive or conflicting legislation promulgated on a state-by-state basis. Our competitors include local enterprises, some
of which may have financial, technical, sales, marketing and other resources greater than ours. These companies also compete with us
in recruiting and retaining qualified personnel and consultants. 

Our
competitive position depends on our ability to attract and retain qualified scientists and other personnel, develop effective proprietary
products and solutions, the personal relationships of our executive officers and directors, and our ability to secure adequate capital
resources. We compete to attract and retain customers of our services. We compete in this area on the basis of price, regulatory compliance,
vendor relationships, usefulness, availability, excellent customer service and ease of use of our services. 

Government
Regulation 

Marijuana
is categorized as a Schedule-I controlled substance by the Drug Enforcement Agency and the United States Department of Justice and is
illegal to grow, possess and consume under Federal law. A Schedule-I controlled substance is defined as a substance that has no currently
accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of safety for use under medical supervision and a high potential for abuse. The Department
of Justice defines Schedule 1 controlled substances as the most dangerous drugs of all the drug schedules with potentially severe
psychological or physical dependence. However, since 1995, forty-four states and the District of Columbia have passed some kind
of medical and/or adult use marijuana laws. This has created an unpredictable business-environment for dispensaries and collectives that
legally operate under state-laws but in violation of Federal law. On August 29, 2013, United States Deputy Attorney General James Cole
issued the Cole Memo to United States Attorneys guiding them to prioritize enforcement of Federal law away from the cannabis industry
operating as permitted under state law, so long as: 

cannabis
 is not being distributed to minors and dispensaries are not located around schools and public buildings; 

the
 proceeds from sales are not going to gangs, cartels or criminal enterprises; 

cannabis
 grown in states where it is legal is not being diverted to other states; 

cannabis-related
 businesses are not being used as a cover for sales of other illegal drugs or illegal activity; 

there
 is not any violence or use of fire-arms in the cultivation and sale of marijuana; 

there
 is strict enforcement of drugged-driving laws and adequate prevention of adverse health consequences; and 

cannabis
 is not grown, used, or possessed on Federal properties. 

The
Cole Memo was meant only as a guide, not a rule of law, for United States Attorneys and did not alter in any way the Department of Justice s
Federal authority to enforce Federal law, including Federal laws relating to cannabis, regardless of state law. Moreover, the Cole Memorandum
also provided that it could not be used as a defense to any criminal prosecution. 

On
January 4, 2018, United States Attorney General Jefferson Sessions issued a Memorandum to United States Attorneys rescinding the Cole
Memorandum, stating that prosecutors should follow well-established principles in effect prior to the issuance of the Cole Memorandum
that govern all federal prosecutions in deciding which activities to prosecute under existing federal laws. Federal legislation has been
proposed over the years to reschedule or de-schedule cannabis, as well as to transform the Cole Memorandum into a rule of law. 

Customers 

We
provide cannabis and hemp lab testing services in Las Vegas to Nevada licensed Medical Marijuana Enterprises MMEs ), and
have expanded to recreational use facilities with the recently passed legislation that allows for the recreational use of marijuana in
Nevada. We sell our services to these enterprises on a fixed fee per test or panel of tests, and offer a discounted price for customers
based on volume. On June 17, 2014, Clark County initially approved a total of 117 special use permits for cultivation and 87 production
applicants. Since the inception of legalized adult-use marijuana, Nevada has issued 288 cannabis-related licenses, including those for
retail stores, cultivation, production, and testing labs, according to the state taxation department. We have worked with over 90 cultivators
and producers in and around Clark and Nye County. As new harvests come to market, we anticipate further customer growth, especially with
the relatively recent legalization of recreational cannabis in the State of Nevada in 2017. 

Research
and Development 

We
believe that our future success will be impacted by our ability to continue to enhance and broaden our services to meet the evolving
needs of a relatively newly regulated cannabis services industry. Our research and development efforts are focused on developing new,
complementary solutions to streamline our processes and provide optimal services to both our customers and for regulators. 

3 

When
developing our technical solutions to provide cannabis testing solutions, industry regulatory requirements also dictate that substantial
documentation be created to demonstrate data integrity. Our standard operating procedures include streamlined methodologies for generating
and maintaining testing services that can be tailored to the variations in other State jurisdictions, as necessary. 

We
expect to continue to invest in our businesses and to invest further as we expand our lab business for cannabis testing to other jurisdictions. 

Marketing,
Sales and Support 

We
use a range of communication platforms to reach our target customers. The goal of the marketing strategy is to position us as the leading
testing company in the botanical, nutraceutical, and cannabis industries in the country. Our marketing efforts include digital/online,
industry conferences and affiliations, media outreach, direct response and public relations. We believe that these efforts have the ability
to deliver our brand message in a powerful way to maximize audience reach. 

Seasonality 

Our
businesses are not subject to seasonality. 

Insurance 

We
maintain property, business interruption and casualty insurance. 

Employees 

As
of September 30, 2021, we had seventeen employees. None of our employees are members of a trade union. We believe that we maintain good
relationships with our employees and have not experienced any strikes or shutdowns and have not been involved in any labor disputes. 

Corporate
Information 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 6450 Cameron Street, Suite 113, Las Vegas, Nevada 89118, Telephone No.: (702) 527-2060. Our
website is located at http:// www.digipath.com . The content on our website is available for information purposes only. It should
not be relied upon for investment purposes, nor is it incorporated by reference into this Report. 

ITEM
1A. Risk Factors 

The
following important factors, and the important factors described elsewhere in this report or in our other filings with the SEC, could
affect (and in some cases have affected) our results and could cause our results to be materially different from estimates or expectations.
Other risks and uncertainties may also affect our results or operations adversely. The following and these other risks could materially
and adversely affect our business, operations, results or financial condition. 

An
investment in the Company is highly speculative in nature and involves an extremely high degree of risk. 

We
have a limited operating history and if we are not successful in continuing to grow our business, then we may have to scale back or even
cease our ongoing business operations. We have a limited operating history. Our operations are subject to all the risks inherent
in the establishment of a developing enterprise and the uncertainties arising from the absence of a significant operating history. If
our business plan is not successful, and we are not able to operate profitably, investors may lose some or all of their investment in
our company. 

Our
auditor has expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We may be unable to obtain additional capital
required to implement our business plan. As a result of recurring net losses and insufficient cash reserves, our independent
certified public accountant has added a paragraph to its report on our financial statements for the year ended September 30, 2021 questioning
our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to raise additional
capital and to achieve sustainable revenues and profitable operations. Since inception, we have raised funds primarily through the sale
of equity securities. We will need and are currently seeking additional funds to operate our business. No assurance can be given that
any future financing will be available or, if available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory to us. Even if we are able to
obtain additional financing, it may contain undue restrictions on our operations or cause substantial dilution for our stockholders.
If we are unable to obtain additional funds, our ability to carry out and implement our planned business objectives and strategies will
be significantly delayed, limited or may not occur. We cannot guarantee that we will become profitable. Even if we achieve profitability,
given the competitive and evolving nature of the industry in which we operate, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability
and our failure to do so would adversely affect our business, including our ability to raise additional funds. 

4 

Our
failure to manage growth effectively could impair our business. Our business strategy envisions a period of rapid growth that
may put a strain on our administrative, operational resources and funding requirements. Our ability to effectively manage growth will
require us to continue to expand the capabilities of our operational and management systems and to attract, train, manage and retain
qualified personnel. There can be no assurance that we will be able to do so, particularly if losses continue and we are unable to obtain
sufficient financing. If we are unable to successfully manage growth, our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations
could be adversely affected. 

Our
plans are dependent upon key individuals and the ability to attract qualified personnel . In order to execute our business plan,
we will be dependent on upon our executive officers and directors, as well as other key personnel. The loss of any of the foregoing individuals
could have a material adverse effect upon our business prospects. Moreover, our success continues to depend to a significant extent on
our ability to identify, attract, hire, train and retain qualified professional, creative, technical and managerial personnel. Competition
for such personnel is intense, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in identifying, attracting, hiring, training,
and retaining such personnel in the future. If we are unable to hire, assimilate and retain such qualified personnel in the future, our
business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. We may also depend on third party contractors
and other partners, to assist with the execution of our business plan. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in either
attracting and retaining qualified personnel, or creating arrangements with such third parties. The failure to succeed in these endeavors
would have a material adverse effect on our ability to consummate our business plans. 

Risks
Related To Cannabis Related Businesses 

Our
business is dependent on state laws pertaining to the cannabis industry. As of September, 2021, thirty-seven states and the District
of Columbia allow its citizens to use medical cannabis. Additionally, eighteen states and the District of Columbia have legalized cannabis
for adult recreational use, and additional recreational measures are expected to be pursued by other states in the future. Continued
development of the cannabis industry is dependent upon continued legislative authorization of cannabis at the state level. Any number
of factors could slow or halt progress in this area. Further, progress in the cannabis industry, while encouraging, is not assured. While
there may be ample public support for legislative action, numerous factors impact the legislative process. Any one of these factors could
slow or halt use of cannabis, which would negatively impact our business. 

Cannabis
remains illegal under federal law and a change in federal enforcement practices could significantly and negatively affect our business.
 Despite the development of a cannabis industry legal under state laws, state laws legalizing medicinal and adult cannabis use
are in conflict with the Federal Controlled Substances Act, which classifies cannabis as a Schedule-I controlled substance and makes
cannabis use and possession illegal on a national level. The United States Supreme Court has ruled that it is the Federal government
that has the right to regulate and criminalize cannabis, even for medical purposes, and thus Federal law criminalizing the use of cannabis
preempts state laws that legalize its use. While the Obama Administration s Department of Justice adopted a policy (known as the
Cole Memorandum) that effectively stated that it was not an efficient use of resources to direct Federal law enforcement agencies to
prosecute those lawfully abiding by state-designated laws allowing the use and distribution of medical cannabis, on January 4, 2018,
the United States Attorney General rescinded the Cole Memorandum. The Federal government s enforcement of Federal laws could cause
significant financial damage to us and our shareholders. 

The
loss or temporary suspension of one or more of our licenses could significantly reduce our revenues. Our ability to operate our
cannabis testing lab is dependent upon maintaining licenses issued by state and local regulators in Nevada. Our cannabis testing and
business licenses were briefly suspended by Nevada regulators on January 19, 2018 and were reinstated on January 31, 2018. This significantly
affected our financial results for the second and third fiscal quarters of 2018. In order to retain our licenses, we are required to
comply with ongoing compliance and reporting requirements and ongoing regulation and oversight by governmental authorities. Any failure
to comply with any such regulatory requirements or any failure to maintain any required licenses would have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, results of operation and, in the extreme case, require us to discontinue operations. 

5 

As
the possession and use of cannabis is illegal under the Federal Controlled Substances Act, we may be deemed to be aiding and abetting
illegal activities through the services that we provide. As a result, we may be subject to enforcement actions by law enforcement authorities,
which would materially and adversely affect our business. Under Federal law, and more specifically the Federal Controlled Substances
Act, the possession, use, cultivation, and transfer of cannabis is illegal. Our business provides services to customers that are engaged
in the business of possession, use, cultivation, and/or transfer of cannabis. As a result, law enforcement authorities, in their attempt
to regulate the illegal use of cannabis, may seek to bring an action or actions against us, including, but not limited, to a claim of
aiding and abetting another s criminal activities. The Federal aiding and abetting statute provides that anyone who commits
an offense against the United States or aids, abets, counsels, commands, induces or procures its commission, is punishable as a principal. 
18 U.S.C. 2(a). As a result of such an action, we may be forced to cease operations and our investors could lose their entire investment.
Such an action would have a material negative effect on our business and operations. 

Laws
and regulations affecting the cannabis and marijuana industries are constantly changing, which could detrimentally affect our business,
and we cannot predict the impact that future regulations may have on us. Local, state and federal cannabis laws and regulations
are constantly changing and they are subject to evolving interpretations, which could require us to incur substantial costs associated
with compliance or to alter one or more of our service offerings. In addition, violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations,
could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our revenues, profitability, and financial condition. We cannot
predict the nature of any future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, nor can we determine what effect additional governmental
regulations or administrative policies and procedures, when and if promulgated, could have on our business. Any change in law or interpretation
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Federal
enforcement practices could change with respect to services providers to participants in the cannabis industry, which could adversely
impact us. If the federal government were to change its practices, or were to expand its resources attacking providers in the cannabis
industry, such action could have a materially adverse effect on our operations, our customers, or the sales of our products. It
is possible that additional Federal or state legislation could be enacted in the future that would prohibit our customers from selling
cannabis, and if such legislation were enacted, such customers may discontinue the use of our services. We cannot predict the nature
of any future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, nor can we determine what effect additional governmental regulations
or administrative policies and procedures, when and if promulgated, could have on our business. 

Expansion
by well-established laboratory testing companies into the cannabis industry could prevent us from realizing anticipated growth in customers
and revenues. Traditional laboratory testing companies may expand their businesses into cannabis testing. If they decided to
expand into cannabis testing, this could hurt the growth of our business and cause our revenues to be lower than we expect. 

Due
to our involvement in the cannabis industry, we may have a difficult time obtaining the various insurances that are desired to operate
our business, which may expose us to additional risk and financial liabilities. Insurance that is otherwise readily available,
such as workers compensation, general liability, and directors and officers insurance, is more difficult for us to find, and more
expensive, because we are service providers to companies in the cannabis industry. We currently have adequate coverage, however, there
are no guarantees that we will be able to find such insurances in the future, or that the cost will be affordable to us. If we are forced
to go without such insurances, it may prevent us from entering into certain business sectors, may inhibit our growth, and may expose
us to additional risk and financial liabilities. 

Participants
in the cannabis industry have difficulty accessing the service of banks, which makes it difficult for us to operate. Despite
rules issued by the United States Department of the Treasury mitigating the risk to banks that do business with cannabis companies permitted
under state law, as well as guidance from the United States Department of Justice, banks remain wary to accept funds from businesses
in the cannabis industry. Our prior bank at which we maintained deposit accounts forced us to close our accounts. While after much difficulty
we were recently able find a replacement banking institution, there can be no assurance that we will able to maintain this banking relationship.
Since the use of cannabis remains illegal under Federal law, there remains a compelling argument that banks may be in violation of Federal
law when accepting for deposit, funds derived from the sale or distribution of cannabis. Consequently, businesses involved in the cannabis
industry, including us, continue to have trouble establishing and maintain banking relationships. An inability to open and maintain bank
accounts may make it difficult for us and our customers to do business. In addition, our inability to maintain a bank account previously
resulted in our holding large sums of cash. Although we store our cash in a secure safe, holding large sums of cash exposes us to a greater
risk of theft. 

The
outbreak of the COVID-19 coronavirus has negatively impacted and could continue to negatively impact our business and the global economy.
In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic could negatively impact our ability to obtain financing when required. 

The
COVID-19 coronavirus has spread across the globe and is impacting worldwide economic activity. A pandemic, including COVID-19 or other
public health epidemic, poses the risk that we or our employees, customers, and other commercial partners may be prevented from conducting
business activities for an indefinite period of time, including due to the spread of the disease or shutdowns requested or mandated by
governmental authorities. During portions of our year ended September 30, 2021, the Company s cannabis testing operations significantly
declined due to the decline in the Nevada cannabis markets, which resulted in turn from the substantial decline in Nevada tourism due
to COVID-19. While our operations have recently improved due to the reopening of Nevada casinos and increased tourism compared to its
recent depressed levels, there can be no assurance that this trend will continue. COVID-19 has also had an adverse impact on global economic
conditions, which could impair our ability to raise capital when needed. 

6 

Risks
Related To Our Common Stock 

Our
operating results may fluctuate causing volatility in our stock price. Our operating results may fluctuate as a result of a number
of factors, many of which are outside of our control. The following factors may affect our operating results causing volatility in our
stock price: 

Our
 ability to execute our business plan, compete effectively and attract customers; 

Our
 ability to respond effectively to a rapidly evolving regulatory and competitive landscape; 

The
 amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures related to the maintenance and expansion of our business, operations
 and infrastructure; 

Our
 ability to obtain working capital financing; 

Our
 ability to attract, motivate and retain top-quality employees; 

Investors 
 general perception of us; and 

General
 economic conditions and those economic conditions specific to cannabis industry. 

Trading
in our common stock has been limited, there is no significant trading market for our common stock, and purchasers of our common stock
may be unable to sell their shares. Our common stock is currently eligible for quotation on the OTCQB and OTCBB, however trading
to date has been limited. If activity in the market for shares of our common stock does not increase, purchasers of our shares may find
it difficult to sell their shares. We currently do not meet the initial listing criteria for any registered securities exchange, including
the Nasdaq Stock Market. The OTCQB and OTCBB are often characterized by low trading volume and significant price fluctuations. These
and other factors may further impair our stockholders ability to sell their shares when they want to and/or could depress our
stock price. As a result, stockholders may find it difficult to dispose of, or obtain accurate quotations of the price of our securities
because smaller quantities of shares could be bought and sold, transactions could be delayed and security analyst and news coverage of
our Company may be limited. These factors could result in lower prices and larger spreads in the bid and ask prices for our shares of
common stock. 

Applicable
sec rules governing the trading of penny stocks may limit the trading and liquidity of our common stock which may affect
the trading price our common stock. Our common stock is a penny stock as defined under Rule 3a51-1 of the Exchange
Act, and is accordingly subject to SEC rules and regulations that impose limitations upon the manner in which our common stock can be
publicly traded. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a per share price of less than 5.00 (other than securities registered
on some national securities exchanges or quoted on NASDAQ). The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in
a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about
penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current
bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, and, if the
broker-dealer is the sole market maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer s presumed control over
the market, and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. In addition,
broker-dealers who sell these securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors must make
a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written
agreement to the transaction. Consequently, these requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity, if any,
of our common stock and reducing the liquidity of an investment in our common stock. 

We
have outstanding shares of preferred stock with rights and preferences superior to those of our common stock. The issued and
outstanding shares of Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock grant the holders of such preferred stock liquidation rights that
are superior to those held by the holders of our common stock. 

We
have not paid dividends in the past and do not expect to pay dividends in the future. Any return on investment may be limited to the
value of our common stock . We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate doing so in the foreseeable
future. The payment of dividends on our common stock depends on earnings, financial condition and other business and economic factors
affecting us at such time as our board of directors may consider relevant. 

ITEM
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

7 

ITEM
2. Properties 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 6450 Cameron Street, Suite 113, Las Vegas, Nevada 89118, Telephone No.: (702) 527-2060. Our
leased premises are 6,000 square feet and are utilized for corporate business offices and a cannabis testing lab. Our premises are subject
to a lease agreement expiring August 31, 2025. The following is a maturity analysis of the annual undiscounted cash flows of the operating
lease liabilities on a fiscal year basis, including common area maintenance fees, under non-cancelable operating leases: 

2022 
 115,550 
 
 2023 
 119,468 
 
 2024 
 123,543 
 
 2025 
 116,891 
 
 2026 
 - 
 
 Total 
 475,452 

We
believe that our current facilities are adequate for our current needs. We intend to secure new facilities or expand existing facilities
as necessary to support future growth. We believe that suitable additional space will be available on commercially reasonable terms as
needed to accommodate our operations. 

ITEM
3. Legal Proceedings 

There
are no material pending legal proceedings to which we are a party or to which any of our property is subject, nor are there any such
proceedings known to be contemplated by governmental authorities. None of our directors, officers or affiliates is involved in a proceeding
adverse to our business or has a material interest adverse to our business. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

8 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
Information 

Shares
of our common stock trade on the over-the-counter market and are quoted on the OTCBB and OTCQB under the symbol DIGP . As
of December 27, 2021, the closing price of our common stock on the OTCQB was 0.034. 

The
following table sets forth, for the fiscal quarters indicated, the high and low bid information for our common stock, as reported on
the OTCQB. The following quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent
actual transactions. 

High 
 Low 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2021 

First Quarter 
 0.03 
 0.01 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.08 
 0.02 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.07 
 0.04 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.06 
 0.04 

Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2020 

First Quarter 
 0.12 
 0.08 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.12 
 0.02 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.08 
 0.03 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.04 
 0.01 

As
of December 27, 2021, there were approximately 118 shareholders of record of our common stock. Such number does not include any shareholders
holding shares in nominee or street name . As of December 27, 2021, there were 72,730,153 shares of common
stock outstanding on record. 

Dividends 

We
have not declared or paid any dividends on our common stock since our inception and do not anticipate paying dividends for the foreseeable
future. The payment of dividends is subject to the discretion of our board of directors and depends, among other things, upon our earnings,
our capital requirements, our financial condition, and other relevant factors. We intend to reinvest any earnings in the development
and expansion of our business. Any cash dividends in the future to common shareholders will be payable when, as and if declared by our
board of directors, based upon the board s assessment of our financial condition and performance, earnings, need for funds, capital
requirements, prior claims of preferred stock to the extent issued and outstanding, and other factors, including income tax consequences,
restrictions and applicable laws. There can be no assurance, therefore, that any dividends on our common stock will ever be paid. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 
 4,120,000 
 0.09 
 7,380,000 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (2) 
 4,035,001 
 0.12 
 N/A 
 
 Total 
 8,155,001 
 
 7,380,000 

(1)
 Represents awards under our 2012 Stock Incentive Plan which was initially adopted with shareholder approval, and amended on June
21, 2016 without shareholder approval (as amended, the 2012 Incentive Plan ). Below is a brief description of the material
terms of the 2012 Incentive Plan and the awards that may be granted thereunder. 

 (2)
 Consists of options and warrants issued to consultants of the Company in consideration of services with exercise prices of 0.05
and 0.30 per share. For additional details see Note 12 to the accompanying financial statements. 

9 

2012
Incentive Plan 

Effective
Date and Expiration. The 2012 Incentive Plan, as amended, became effective on March 5, 2012, and will terminate on March 5, 2022,
unless it is terminated earlier by our board of directors. No award may be made under the Incentive Plan after its expiration date, but
awards made prior thereto may extend beyond that date. 

Share
Authorization. The maximum aggregate number of Shares which may be issued pursuant to awards granted under the 2012 Incentive Plan
is Eleven Million Five Hundred Thousand (11,500,000) shares. Prior to its amendment in June 2016, Three Million shares had been authorized
for issuance under the 2012 Plan. 

General;
Types of Awards . The 2012 Incentive Plan provides for the grant of options to purchase shares of common stock, restricted stock,
stock appreciation rights SARs and restricted stock units (rights to receive, in cash or stock, the market value of one
share of our commons stock). Incentive stock options ISOs may be granted only to employees. Nonstatutory stock options
and other stock-based awards may be granted to officers, employees, non-employee directors and consultants. 

Administration .
The 2012 Incentive Plan will be administered by our board of directors or a committee of our board of directors (the Administrator as provided in the 2012 Incentive Plan. The Administrator will have the authority to select the eligible participants to whom awards
will be granted, to determine the types of awards and the number of shares covered and to set the terms, conditions and provisions of
such awards, to cancel or suspend awards under certain conditions, and to accelerate the exercisability of awards. The Administrator
will be authorized to interpret the 2012 Incentive Plan, to establish, amend, and rescind any rules and regulations relating to the 2012
Incentive Plan, to determine the terms of agreements entered into with recipients under the 2012 Incentive Plan, and to make all other
determinations that may be necessary or advisable for the administration of the 2012 Incentive Plan. 

Eligibility .
Options and other awards may be granted under the 2012 Incentive Plan to directors, officers, employees and consultants of our company
and any of our subsidiaries, provided that the services of such consultants are not in connection with the offer or sale of securities
in a capital-raising transaction and do not directly or indirectly promote or maintain a market for our securities. At the date of this
prospectus, all of our officers, directors and employees would have been eligible to receive awards under the 2012 Incentive Plan. 

Stock
Options . The exercise price per share of our common stock purchasable upon exercise of any stock option or SAR will be determined
by the Administrator, but cannot in any event be less than 100 of the fair market value of our common stock on the date the award is
granted. The Administrator will determine the term of each stock option or SAR (subject to a maximum term of 10 years) and each option
or SAR will be exercisable pursuant to a vesting schedule determined by the Administrator. The grants and the terms of ISOs will be restricted
to the extent required for qualification as ISOs by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Subject to approval of the Administrator,
options or SARs may be exercised by payment of the exercise price in cash, shares of common stock or pursuant to a cashless exercise 
through a broker-dealer under an arrangement approved by the Administrator. The Administrator may require the grantee to pay to us any
applicable withholding taxes that we are required to withhold with respect to the grant or exercise of any option. The withholding tax
may be paid in cash or, subject to applicable law, the Administrator may permit the grantee to satisfy these obligations by the withholding
or delivery of shares of our common stock. We may withhold from any shares of our common stock that may be issued pursuant to an option
or from any cash amounts otherwise due from us to the recipient of the option an amount equal to such taxes. 

Restricted
Stock . Restricted shares may be sold or awarded for consideration determined by the Administrator, including cash, full-recourse
promissory notes, as well as past and future services. Any award of restricted shares will be subject to a vesting schedule determined
by the Administrator. Any restricted shares that are not vested will be subject to rights of repurchase, rights of first refusal or other
restrictions as determined by the Administrator. In general, holders of restricted shares will have the same voting, dividend and other
rights as our other stockholders. 

Adjustments
upon Changes in Capitalization . In the event of any change affecting shares of our common stock by reason of any stock dividend or
split, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, spin-off, combination or exchange of shares or other similar corporate change, or any
distribution to stockholders other than cash dividends, the Administrator will make substitutions or adjustments in the aggregate number
of shares that may be distributed under the 2012 Incentive Plan, and in the number and types of shares subject to, and the exercise prices
under, outstanding awards granted under the 2012 Incentive Plan, in accordance with Section 10 and other provisions of the 2012 Incentive
Plan. 

Assignment .
Unless otherwise permitted by the 2012 Incentive Plan and approved by the Administrator as permitted by the 2012 Incentive Plan, no award
will be assignable or otherwise transferable by the grantee other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution and, during the
grantee s lifetime, an award may be exercised only by the grantee. 

10 

Amendment .
Our board of directors may amend the 2012 Incentive Plan in any and all respects without stockholder approval, except as such stockholder
approval may be required under applicable law or pursuant to the listing requirements of any national market system or securities exchange
on which our equity securities may be listed or quoted. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

The
following issuances of our securities during the three month period ended September 30, 2021 were exempt from the registration requirements
of the Securities Act of 1933 pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. The purchasers
were accredited investors, familiar with our operations, and there was no general solicitation. 

On
July 1, 2021, we issued 1,500,000 shares of common stock to Todd Denkin for his services rendered as our President. 

ITEM
6. Selected Financial Data 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information
under this item. 

11 

ITEM
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

This
discussion summarizes the significant factors affecting the operating results, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows of the Company
and its subsidiaries for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020. The discussion and analysis that follows should be read
together with the section entitled Forward Looking Statements and our consolidated financial statements and the notes to
the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. 

Except
for historical information, the matters discussed in this section are forward looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties
and are based upon judgments concerning various factors that are beyond the Company s control. Consequently, and because forward-looking
statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, the actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results
and outcomes discussed in the forward-looking statements. You are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made
by us in this report. 

Overview 

Digipath,
Inc. was incorporated in Nevada on October 5, 2010. Digipath, Inc. and its subsidiaries Digipath, the Company, 
 we, our or us supports the cannabis industry s best practices for reliable testing,
cannabis education and training, and brings unbiased cannabis news coverage to the cannabis industry. Our mission is to provide pharmaceutical-grade
analysis and testing to the cannabis industry, under ISO-17025:2017 guidelines, to ensure consumers and patients know exactly what is
in the cannabis they ingest and to help maximize the quality of our clients products through research, development, and standardization.
Digipath has been operating a cannabis-testing lab in Nevada since 2015 and has plans to open labs in other states and countries that
have legalized the sale of cannabis, beginning with California. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
establishment and consistent application of accounting policies is a vital component of accurately and fairly presenting our financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP ), as well as ensuring
compliance with applicable laws and regulations governing financial reporting. While there are rarely alternative methods or rules from
which to select in establishing accounting and financial reporting policies, proper application often involves significant judgment regarding
a given set of facts and circumstances and a complex series of decisions. 

Basis
of Accounting 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.
All references to GAAP are in accordance with The FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC and the Hierarchy of Generally
Accepted Accounting Principles. 

Segment
Reporting 

ASC
Topic 280, Segment Reporting, requires use of the management approach model for segment reporting. The management
approach model is based on the way a company s management organizes segments within the company for making operating decisions
and assessing performance. The Company operates as a single segment and will evaluate additional segment disclosure requirements as it
expands its operations. 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

The
Company adopted ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures (ASC 820). ASC 820 defines fair value, establishes a three-level valuation
hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement and enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measures. The three levels are
defined as follows: 

- 
 Level
 1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. 

- 
 Level
 2 inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that
 are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. 

- 
 Level
 3 inputs to valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair measurement. 

12 

The
carrying value of cash, accounts receivable, accounts payables and accrued expenses are estimated by management to approximate fair value
primarily due to the short term nature of the instruments. 

Fixed
Assets 

Fixed
assets are stated at the lower of cost or estimated net recoverable amount. The cost of property, plant and equipment is depreciated
using the straight-line method based on the lesser of the estimated useful lives of the assets or the lease term based on the following
life expectancy: 

Software 
 3 years 
 
 Office equipment 
 5 years 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 5 years 
 
 Lab equipment 
 7 years 
 
 Leasehold improvements 
 Term of lease 

Repairs
and maintenance expenditures are charged to operations as incurred. Major improvements and replacements, which extend the useful life
of an asset, are capitalized and depreciated over the remaining estimated useful life of the asset. When assets are retired or sold,
the cost and related accumulated depreciation and amortization are eliminated and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in operations. 

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets 

Long-lived
assets held and used by the Company are reviewed for possible impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount
of an asset may not be recoverable or is impaired. Recoverability is assessed using undiscounted cash flows based upon historical results
and current projections of earnings before interest and taxes. Impairment is measured using discounted cash flows of future operating
results based upon a rate that corresponds to the cost of capital. Impairments are recognized in operating results to the extent that
carrying value exceeds discounted cash flows of future operations. 

Our
intellectual property is comprised of indefinite-lived brand names acquired and have been assigned an indefinite life as we currently
anticipate that these brand names will contribute cash flows to the Company perpetually. We evaluate the recoverability of intangible
assets periodically by taking into account events or circumstances that may warrant revised estimates of useful lives or that indicate
the asset may be impaired. 

Revenue
Recognition 

Effective
October 1, 2018, the Company adopted ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Under ASC 606, the Company recognizes revenue
from the commercial sales of products, licensing agreements and contracts to perform pilot studies by applying the following steps: (1)
identify the contract with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price;
(4) allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation in the contract; and (5) recognize revenue when each performance obligation
is satisfied. For the comparative periods, revenue has not been adjusted and continues to be reported under ASC 605 Revenue Recognition.
Under ASC 605, revenue was recognized when the following criteria had been met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2)
the performance of service has been rendered to a customer or delivery has occurred; (3) the amount of fee to be paid by a customer is
fixed and determinable; and (4) the collectability of the fee is reasonably assured. 

There
was no impact on the Company s financial statements from the adoption of ASC 606 for the years ended September 30, 2019. 

Our
revenue is primarily generated through our subsidiary, Digipath Labs, Inc., which recognizes revenue from the analytical testing of cannabis
products for licensed producers and cultivators within the state of Nevada on a determinable fixed fee per test, or panel of tests basis.
Revenue from the performance of those services is recognized upon completion of the tests, at which time test results are delivered to
the customer, provided collectability of the fee is reasonably assured. We typically require payment within thirty days of the delivery
of results. Management estimates an allowance for doubtful accounts based on the aging of its receivables. 

Advertising
Costs 

The
Company expenses the cost of advertising and promotions as incurred. Advertising and promotions expense was 28,066 and 45,120 for the
years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

13 

Basic
and Diluted Loss Per Share 

The
basic net loss per common share is computed by dividing the net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted
net loss per common share is computed by dividing the net loss adjusted on an as if converted basis, by the weighted average
number of common shares outstanding plus potential dilutive securities. For the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, potential dilutive
securities had an anti-dilutive effect and were not included in the calculation of diluted net loss per common share. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

The
Company accounts for equity instruments issued to employees in accordance with the provisions of ASC 718 Stock Compensation (ASC 718)
and Equity-Based Payments to Non-employees pursuant to ASC 2018-07 (ASC 2018-07). All transactions in which the consideration provided
in exchange for the purchase of goods or services consists of the issuance of equity instruments are accounted for based on the fair
value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instrument issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. The measurement
date of the fair value of the equity instrument issued is the earlier of the date on which the counterparty s performance is complete
or the date at which a commitment for performance by the counterparty to earn the equity instruments is reached because of sufficiently
large disincentives for nonperformance. 

The
Company accounts for equity-based transactions with non-employees under the provisions of ASC Topic No. 505-50, Equity-Based Payments
to Non-Employees Topic No. 505-50 ). Topic No. 505-50 establishes that equity-based payment transactions with non-employees
shall be measured at the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more
reliably measurable. 

Income
Taxes 

The
Company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities based on differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and
liabilities using the enacted tax rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when the differences are expected to be recovered.
The Company provides a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets for which it does not consider realization of such assets to be more
likely than not. 

Uncertain
Tax Positions 

In
accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes ASC 740 ), the Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain
tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be capable of withstanding examination by the taxing authorities
based on the technical merits of the position. These standards prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial
statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. These standards also provide guidance
on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and transition. 

Various
taxing authorities periodically audit the Company s income tax returns. These audits include questions regarding the Company s
tax filing positions, including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income to various tax jurisdictions. In evaluating
the exposures connected with these various tax filing positions, including state and local taxes, the Company records allowances for
probable exposures. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter, for which an allowance has been established, is audited
and fully resolved. The Company has not yet undergone an examination by any taxing authorities. 

The
assessment of the Company s tax position relies on the judgment of management to estimate the exposures associated with the Company s
various filing positions. 

Various
taxing authorities periodically audit the Company s income tax returns. These audits include questions regarding the Company s
tax filing positions, including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income to various tax jurisdictions. In evaluating
the exposures connected with these various tax filing positions, including state and local taxes, the Company records allowances for
probable exposures. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter, for which an allowance has been established, is audited
and fully resolved. The Company has not yet undergone an examination by any taxing authorities. 

The
assessment of the Company s tax position relies on the judgment of management to estimate the exposures associated with the Company s
various filing positions. 

14 

Results
of Operations 

The
following table shows operating results for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020. 

Years Ended September 30, 
 Increase / 

2021 
 2020 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Revenues 
 2,503,800 
 2,574,399 
 (70,599 
 
 Cost of sales 
 1,788,635 
 1,778,564 
 10,071 
 
 Gross profit 
 715,165 
 795,835 
 (80,670 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 
 934,143 
 1,483,253 
 (549,110 
 
 Professional fees 
 581,635 
 782,885 
 (201,250 
 
 Bad debts expense (recovery) 
 (28,165 
 91,558 
 (119,723 
 
 Impairment expense 
 
 630,521 
 (630,521 
 
 Total operating expenses: 
 1,487,613 
 2,988,217 
 1,500,604 

Operating loss 
 (772,448 
 (2,192,382 
 1,419,934 

Total other income (expense) 
 85,945 
 (117,108 
 203,053 

Net loss 
 (686,503 
 (2,309,490 
 1,622,987 

Revenues 

Aggregate
revenues for the year ended September 30, 2021 were 2,503,800, compared to revenues of 2,574,399 during the year ended September 30,
2020, a decrease of 70,599, or 3 . Revenues decreased slightly despite severe disruptions to the Nevada cannabis market during portions
of the year as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Cost
of Sales 

Cost
of sales for the year ended September 30, 2021 were 1,788,635, compared to 1,778,564 during the year ended September 30, 2020, an increase
of 10,071, or 1 . Cost of sales consists primarily of labor, depreciation and maintenance on lab equipment, and supplies consumed in
our testing operations. The increased cost of sales in the current year was primarily due to a slight decrease in gross margins. Our
gross margins of approximately 30 , decreased during the year ended September 30, 2021, compared to gross margins of approximately 31 
during the year ended September 30, 2020, which translated to 49,915 of decreased gross profit. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses for the year ended September 30, 2021 were 934,143, compared to 1,483,253 during the year ended September
30, 2020, a decrease of 549,110, or 37 . The expenses consisted primarily of marketing, rent, salaries and wages, and travel expenses.
General and administrative expenses included stock-based compensation paid to officers of 50,856 during the year ended September 30,
2021, compared to 110,473 during the year ended September 30, 2020, a decrease of 59,617, or 54 . General and administrative expenses
decreased primarily due to decreased corporate overhead activities and the discontinuation of rents on warehouse space that we were previously
subleasing. 

Professional
Fees 

Professional
fees for the year ended September 30, 2021 were 581,635, compared to 782,885 during the year ended September 30, 2020, a decrease of
 201,250, or 26 . Professional fees decreased primarily due to decreased business development and legal fees, and decreased stock-based
compensation paid to directors and consultants, as offset by increased consulting and board fees during the current period. Stock-based
compensation was 241,582 during the year ended September 30, 2021, compared to 253,748 during the year ended September 30, 2020, a
decrease of 12,166, or 5 . 

15 

Bad
Debt Expense 

Bad
debt recovery for the year ended September 30, 2021 was 28,165, compared to bad debt expense of 91,558 during the year ended September
30, 2020, a decrease of 119,723. Bad debts expense decreased during the current year as we recognized 95,000 of debts in the current
year that we had written off as uncollectible in the prior year. Our allowance for doubtful accounts on trade receivables was 96,285
and 128,944 at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, or approximately 4 and 5 of sales for the years ended September 30, 2021
and 2020, respectively. 

Impairment
Expense 

There
was no impairment expense for the year ended September 30, 2021, compared to impairment expense of 630,521 for the prior year. Impairment
expense for the prior year consisted of 592,621 of goodwill impairment following our acquisition of VSSL Enterprises, and 37,900 of
impairment expense related to our investment in the development of handheld devices used to test cannabis for THC, CBD and CBG levels
under our GroSciences, Inc. subsidiary, which has ceased operations. 

Operating
Loss 

Operating
loss for the year ended September 30, 2021 was 772,448, compared to 2,192,217 during the year ended September 30, 2020, an decrease
of 1,419,934, or 65 . Operating loss decreased primarily due to a lack of impairment expense, and decreased general and administrative,
professional fees and bad debts expense, during the year ended September 30, 2021, compared to the year ended September 30, 2020. 

Other
Income (Expense) 

Other
income, on a net basis, for the year ended September 30, 2021 was 85,945, compared to other expense of 117,108 during the year ended
September 30, 2020, an increase of 203,053. Other expense during the year ended September 30, 2021 consisted of a 222,393 gain on the
settlement of debt, interest income of 929 and settlement of accounts payable of 7,580, as offset by 144,957 of interest expense.
Other expense during the year ended September 30, 2020 consisted of rental income of 79,285 on sublease rents and a 1,724 gain on the
modification of operating leases, as offset by 148,024 of interest expense and a loss on disposal of fixed assets of 50,093. 

Net
Loss 

Net
loss for the year ended September 30, 2021 was 686,503, compared to 2,309,490 during the year ended September 30, 2020, an decrease
of 1,622,987, or 70 . The decreased net loss was primarily due to not having an impairment expense and a reduction in both professional
fees and general and administrative expenses. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of September 30, 2021, the Company had current assets of 826,865, comprising of cash of 295,932, accounts receivable
of 214,900, other assets of 60,353, a note receivable of 230,929 and deposits of 24,751. The Company s current liabilities
as of September 30, 2021 were 2,014,384, consisting of 370,977 of accounts payable, 220,002 of accrued expenses, the
current portion of operating lease liabilities in the amount of 93,601, the current portion of financing lease liabilities in the amount
of 20,379, the current maturities of convertible notes payable of 1,050,000, and the current maturities of notes payable in the amount
of 259,425 

The
following table summarizes our total current assets, liabilities and working capital at September 30, 2021 and 2020. 

September 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Current Assets 
 826,865 
 397,242 

Current Liabilities 
 2,014,384 
 772,790 

Working Capital 
 (1,187,519 
 (345,436 

16 

The
following table summarizes our cash flows during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Years Ended 

September 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Net cash (used) in operating activities 
 (135,968 
 (671,605 
 
 Net cash (used) in investing activities 
 (286,206 
 (341,008 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 635,357 
 771,623 

Net change in cash 
 213,183 
 (240,990 

Net
Cash Used in Operating Activities 

The
decrease in funds used in operating activities for the year ended September 30, 2021, compared to the year ended September 30, 2020,
was primarily attributable to our decreased net loss. 

Net
Cash Used in Investing Activities 

The
decrease in funds used in investing activities for the year ended September 30, 2021, compared to the year ended September 30, 2020,
was due primarily to reduced investments in lab equipment and acquisition related activities in the current year. 

Net
Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

The
decrease in funds provided by financing activities for the year ended September 30, 2021, compared to the year ended September 30, 2020,
was primarily due to decreased sales of our securities through private placement offerings and the sale of convertible notes in the year
ended September 30, 2021. 

Satisfaction
of our Cash Obligations for the Next 12 Months 

As
of September 30, 2021, our balance of cash on hand was 295,932. We do not currently have sufficient funds to fund our operations
at their current levels for the next twelve months. As we continue to develop our lab testing business and attempt to expand operational
activities, we expect to continue to experience net negative cash flows from operations in amounts not now determinable, and will be
required to obtain additional financing to fund operations. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability
to raise additional capital and to achieve sustainable revenues and profitable operations. Since inception, we have raised funds primarily
through the sale of equity securities. We will need and are currently seeking additional funds to operate our business. No assurance
can be given that any future financing will be available or, if available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory to us. Even
if we are able to obtain additional financing, it may contain undue restrictions on our operations or cause substantial dilution for
our stockholders. If we are unable to obtain additional funds, our ability to carry out and implement our planned business objectives
and strategies will be significantly delayed, limited or may not occur. We cannot guarantee that we will become profitable. Even if we
achieve profitability, given the competitive and evolving nature of the industry in which we operate, we may not be able to sustain or
increase profitability and our failure to do so would adversely affect our business, including our ability to raise additional funds. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no outstanding off-balance sheet guarantees, interest rate swap transactions or foreign currency contracts. We do not engage in
trading activities involving non-exchange traded contracts. 

ITEM
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information
under this item. 

17 

ITEM
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

DIGIPATH,
INC. SUBSIDIARIES 

FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, M K CPAS, PLLC 
 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F-5 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-6 

18 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders
of Digipath, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Digipath, Inc. the Company as of September 30, 2021 and
2020, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit) and cash flows for each of the
years in the two-year period ended September 30, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September
30, 2021 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended September
30, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has recurring losses from operations and insufficient working capital, which
raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters also are
described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Going
Concern 

As
discussed in Note 2, the Company has recurring losses from operations and insufficient working capital to provide sufficient cash flows
to enable the Company to finance its operations internally. Auditing management s evaluation of a going concern can be a significant
judgment given the fact that the Company uses management estimates on future revenues and expenses, which are difficult to substantiate. 

We
evaluated the appropriateness of the going concern, we examined and evaluated the financial information along with management s
plans to mitigate the going concern and management s disclosure on going concern. 

/s/ M K CPAS, PLLC 

We have served as the Company s
 auditor since 2017. 

Houston, Texas 

December 29, 2021 

F- 1 

DIGIPATH,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 2021 
 September 30, 2020 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Deposits 

Note receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Right-of-use asset 

Fixed assets, net 

Total non-current assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Short term advances 
 - 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Current portion of finance lease liabilities 

Current maturities of notes payable 

Current maturities of convertible notes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Total current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities: 

Operating lease liabilities 

Finance lease liabilities 
 - 

Notes payable 

Convertible notes payable, net of discounts of and at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively 

Total non-current liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders Equity (Deficit): 

Series A convertible preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

DIGIPATH,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

2021 
 2020 

For the Years Ended 

September 30, 

2021 
 2020 

Revenues 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 

Professional fees 

Bad debts expense (recovery) 

Impairment expense 
 - 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

Interest Income 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on settlement of debt 
 
 - 
 
 Other Income 

Loss on disposal of fixed assets 
 - 

Total other income (expense) 

Net Loss 

Net loss per share - basic and fully diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and fully diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

DIGIPATH,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 (Deficit) 
 (Deficit) 

Series A Convertible 

Additional 
 
 Total 
 Stockholders 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 (Deficit) 
 (Deficit) 

Balance, September 30, 2019 

Common stock sold for cash 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common stock issued for debt conversion 

Common stock issued for debt conversion, shares 

Common stock issued for acquisition of VSSL Enterprises, Ltd. 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common stock issued for services 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common stock options issued for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock warrants issued for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Beneficial conversion feature on convertible notes payable 

Net loss for the year ended September 30, 2020 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, September 30, 2020 

Common stock sold for cash 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common stock issued for debt conversion 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common stock issued for services 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common stock options issued for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Beneficial conversion feature on convertible notes payable 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss for the year ended September 30, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, September 30, 2021 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

DIGIPATH,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2021 
 2020 

For the Years Ended 

September 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Change in allowance for doubtful accounts 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Gain on settlement of debt 
 
 - 
 
 Loss on disposal of fixed assets 
 - 

Gain on modification of operating leases 
 - 

Inventory impairment 
 - 

Goodwill impairment 
 - 

Stock issued for services 

Options and warrants granted for services 

Amortization of debt discounts 

Decrease (increase) in assets: 

Accounts receivable 

Other current assets 

Inventory 
 - 

Deposits 

Right-of-use assets 

Increase (decrease) in liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Lease liabilities 

Net cash (used) in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Cash acquired from affiliate in acquisition of VSSL 
 - 

Cash paid for purchase of VSSL Enterprises, Ltd. 
 - 

Purchase of fixed assets 

Advance of note receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash (used) in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from short term advances 

Repayments of short term advances 

Principal payments on finance lease 

Principal payments on note payable, equipment financing 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Proceeds from convertible notes 

Proceeds from sale of common stock 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash - beginning 

Cash - ending 

Supplemental disclosures: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 
 - 
 - 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Fair value of net assets acquired in business combination from affiliate 
 - 

Fair value of common stock paid in business combination from affiliate 
 - 

Fixed assets acquired with capitalized finance lease 
 - 

Fixed assets acquired with note payable, equipment financing 
 - 

Fixed assets transferred to settle accounts payable 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued for debt conversion 
 
 - 
 
 Transfer of notes payable and accrued interest into convertible notes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Beneficial conversion feature on convertible notes payable 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

DIGIPATH,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. (2) (2) 

. 

. (6) (6) 

. (3) (3) 

. (4) (4) 

. (5) (5) 

. (7) (7) 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

(6) 

(7) 

The
consolidated financial statements herein contain the operations of the wholly-owned subsidiaries listed above. All significant inter-company
transactions have been eliminated in the preparation of these financial statements. The parent company and subsidiaries will be collectively
referred to herein as the Company , Digipath or DIGP . The Company s headquarters are located
in Las Vegas, Nevada and substantially all of its customers are within the United States. 

These
statements reflect all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, which in the opinion of management are necessary for
fair presentation of the information contained therein. 

and as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

The
Company had one customer representing of the outstanding accounts receivable balance and had two customers representing more than
 of gross revenue, for a total of of revenue for the year ended September 30, 2021. The Company had one customer representing
 of the outstanding accounts receivable balance and had one customer representing more than of gross revenue, for a total of 
of revenue for the year ended September 30, 2020. 

years 
 
 Office equipment 
 years 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 years 
 
 Lab equipment 
 years 
 
 Leasehold improvements 

Repairs
and maintenance expenditures are charged to operations as incurred. Major improvements and replacements, which extend the useful life
of an asset, are capitalized and depreciated over the remaining estimated useful life of the asset. When assets are retired or sold,
the cost and related accumulated depreciation and amortization are eliminated and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in operations. 

and for the
years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

t included in the calculation of diluted net loss per common share. 

and as of September 30, 2021, the Company s cash on hand may not be sufficient to sustain operations.
These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management is actively pursuing
new customers to increase revenues. In addition, the Company is currently seeking additional sources of capital to fund short term operations.
Management believes these factors will contribute toward achieving profitability. The accompanying consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

The
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of any uncertainty as to the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements also do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability
and classification of recorded asset amounts, or amounts and classifications of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company
be unable to continue as a going concern. 

shares of Digipath s common stock and a cash payment of . The closing of the acquisition occurred
on . The aggregate fair value of the common stock was based on the closing price of the Company s common
stock on the date of closing. 

Mr.
Remenda, who held of the VSSL s shares prior to its acquisition by the Company, is the CEO of VSSL and was appointed as Digipath s
Chief Executive Officer in September 2019 in connection with the execution of the binding letter of intent with respect to the Company s
acquisition of VSSL. In addition, Mr. Henry, who also held of VSSL s shares prior to its acquisition by the Company, was engaged
as a consultant by Digipath in September 2019. Messrs. Remenda and Henry resigned July 1, 2020 and June 12, 2020, respectively. 

This
acquisition was accounted for as a business combination under the purchase method of accounting. The purchase resulted in the recognition
of of goodwill, which was determined to be impaired and expensed on September 30, 2020. According to the purchase method of
accounting, the Company recognized the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed as follows: 

Fair value of shares of common stock 

Liabilities assumed 

Total consideration 

Fair value of identifiable assets acquired assumed: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Total fair value of assets assumed 

Consideration paid in excess of fair value (Impaired Goodwill) (1) 

(1) 

Pro
Forma Results 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and fully diluted 

- 
 - 

Liabilities 

Lease liabilities 
 - 
 - 

Notes payable 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Convertible notes payable, net of discounts of 
 - 
 - 

Fair Value Measurements at September 30, 2020 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 
 Assets 

Cash 
 
 - 
 - 

Liabilities 

Short term advances 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Lease liabilities 
 - 
 - 

Notes payable 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Convertible notes payable, net of discounts of 
 - 
 - 

Convertible notes payable, net of discounts
 of 98,188 and 8,322 
 - 
 - 

The
fair value of our intellectual properties is deemed to approximate book value, and are considered Level 3 inputs as defined by ASC Topic
820-10-35. 

There
were no transfers of financial assets or liabilities between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 inputs for the years ended September 30, 2021
or 2020. 

. The loans bear
interest at an annual rate of , are evidenced by secured demand notes, and are secured by a lien on the borrower s assets. An
allowance for doubtful accounts for the full value of the notes has been recorded due to the uncertainty of collectability. 

On
various dates between August 23, 2021 and September 20, 2021, we loaned C3 Labs, Inc. a total of .
The loans bear interest at an annual rate of ,
are evidenced by secured demand notes, are secured by a lien on the borrower s assets, and have a maturity date of . The loans were made in connection with a potential acquisition of a controlling interest in C3 Labs, Inc., although no assurance
can be made that the Company will consummate the acquisition. The Company has recorded interest income of 
 during the year ended September 30, 2021 with
total accrued interest of 
 as of September 30, 2021. 

Office equipment 

Furniture and fixtures 

Lab equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Lab equipment held under capital leases 

Fixed assets, gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Total 

On
various dates from June 30, 2020 through September 30, 2020, the Company disposed of lab equipment no longer in service. No proceeds
were received on the disposal of the equipment, resulting in a loss on disposal of fixed assets of , which represented the net
book value at the time of disposal. 

On
March 31, 2021, we distributed fixed assets with an aggregate net book value of to our former CEO in satisfaction of accrued payroll
that was owed. The fixed assets consisted of office equipment with a historical cost basis of and accumulated depreciation of
 , resulting in a loss of that was settled against the amount of unpaid compensation that was owed. 

Depreciation
and amortization expense totaled and for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

.
The Company also has a financing lease for lab equipment subject to the recently adopted ASU 2016-02. In the locations in which it is
economically feasible to continue to operate, management expects to enter into a new lease upon expiration. The operating and office
facility lease contains provisions requiring payment of property taxes, utilities, insurance, maintenance and other occupancy costs applicable
to the leased premise. As the Company s leases do not provide implicit discount rates, the Company uses an incremental borrowing
rate based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. 

Finance lease cost: 

Amortization of assets 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Sublease income 
 - 

Total net lease cost 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Finance lease: 

Equipment, at cost 

Accumulated amortization 

Equipment, net 

Current portion of finance lease liabilities 

Noncurrent finance lease liabilities 
 - 

Total finance lease liabilities 

Weighted average remaining lease term: 

Operating leases 
 years 
 years 
 
 Finance leases 
 years 
 years 

Weighted average discount rate: 

Operating leases 

Finance lease 

Operating cash flows used for operating leases 

Financing cash flows used for finance leases 

Leased assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities: 

Total operating lease liabilities 
 - 

Total finance lease liabilities 
 - 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 
 - 
 
 Total future undiscounted lease payments 

Less interest 

Present value of lease payments 

Less current portion 

Long-term operating lease liabilities 

2023 
 - 
 
 Total minimum lease payments 

Less interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Less current portion 

Long-term finance lease liabilities 
 - 

as a short-term loan from one of our convertible noteholders. The loan bears interest at the rate of per annum. The advance was subsequently repaid on July 20, 2021 
 - 

On January 21, 2020, we received as a short-term loan from one of our convertible noteholders. No interest expense was recognized. The note was subsequently transferred to the principal balance of a convertible note. 
 - 

Total short term advances 
 - 

The
Company recorded interest expense pursuant to the stated interest rates on the short term loans in the amount of for the year
ended September 30, 2021. 

to US Canna Lab I, LLC (the Canna Lab Note ). The Canna Lab Note carries interest at per annum and is due on , with monthly principal and interest payments of beginning on October 1, 2021. As of September 30, 2021, a total had been advanced to the Company under the Canna Lab Note. 
 
 - 

On March 23, 2021; April 29, 2021; July 12, 2021; July 22, 2021 and August 23, 2021, we received proceeds of , , , and as short-term loans from one of our convertible noteholders. The loans bore interest at the rate of per annum and were due on demand. These loans were subsequently transferred to the principal balance of a convertible note. 
 - 
 - 

On June 22, 2020, the Company, borrowed from Cross River Bank, pursuant to a Promissory Note issued by the Company to Cross River Bank (the Company PPP Note ). The loan was made pursuant to the Payroll Protection Program established as part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the Payroll Protection Program ). The Company PPP Note carried interest at per annum, payable monthly beginning December 22, 2020, and was due on . On January 12, 2021, the Company PPP Note and interest was forgiven, resulting in a gain on early extinguishment of debt in the amount of . 
 - 

On May 13, 2020, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary Digipath Labs, Inc. Labs ), borrowed from WebBank Corp, pursuant to a Promissory Note issued by Labs to WebBank Corp (the Labs PPP Note ). The loan was made pursuant to the Payroll Protection Program. The Labs PPP Note bears interest at per annum, payable monthly beginning December 13, 2020, and was due on . On July 20, 2021, the Labs PPP Note and interest was forgiven, resulting in a gain on early extinguishment of debt in the amount of . 
 - 

On December 26, 2019, the Company financed the purchase of of lab equipment, in part, with the proceeds of a bank loan in the amount of . The loan bears interest at the rate of per annum and requires monthly payments of over the -year term of the loan ending on . The Company s obligations under this loan are secured by a lien on the purchased equipment. 

Total notes payable 

Less: current maturities 

Notes payable 

The
Company recorded interest expense pursuant to the stated interest rate and closing costs on the notes payable in the amount of 
during the year ended September 30, 2021. 

Secured Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of . The Note matures on , bears interest at a rate of per annum, and was convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price of per share. On December 28, 2020, the conversion price was amended to per share in exchange for an additional of proceeds and the promissory note was increased to . The Company s obligations under the Note are secured by a lien on the assets of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary Digipath Labs, Inc., pursuant to a Security Agreement between the Company, Digipath Labs, Inc. and the investor. On December 29, 2020, the note holder converted of principal into shares of common stock at a conversion price of per share. 

On February 11, 2020, the Company completed the sale to an accredited investor of a Secured Subordinated Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of . The Note matures on , bears interest at a rate of per annum, and was convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price of per share. On December 28, 2020, the conversion price was amended to per share in exchange for an additional of proceeds and the promissory note was increased to . The Company s obligations under the Note are secured by subordinated lien on the assets of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary Digipath Labs, Inc., pursuant to a Security Agreement between the Company, Digipath Labs, Inc. and the investor. On December 29, 2020, the note holder converted of principal into shares of common stock at a conversion price of per share. 

On February 10, 2020, the Company completed the sale to an accredited investor of a Secured Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of . The Note matures on , bears interest at a rate of per annum, and was convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price of per share. On December 28, 2020, the conversion price was amended to per share in exchange for an additional of proceeds and the promissory note was increased to . The Company s obligations under the Note are secured by a lien on the assets of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary Digipath Labs, Inc., pursuant to a Security Agreement between the Company, Digipath Labs, Inc. and the investor. On December 29, 2020, the note holder converted of principal into shares of common stock at a conversion price of per share. 

On September 23, 2019, the Company received proceeds of 
 on a senior secured convertible note that carries an 
 interest rate, which matures on , as amended. The principal and interest were convertible into shares of common stock at the discretion of the note
 holder at a fixed conversion price of 
 per share. and the conversion price was amended to per share. The Company s obligations under this Note are secured by a lien on the assets of the Company and its wholly-owned
 subsidiary Digipath Labs, Inc. On February 22, 2021, the noteholder converted 
 of principal into 
 shares of common stock at a conversion price of 
 per share. On September 30, 2021 the note was amended to add the outstanding short term notes and accrued interest into the
 principal balance, increasing the outstanding balance to 
 and further extended the maturity date to . As a result of the modification, the Company recorded
 an additional debt discount of 
 as a result of the beneficial conversion feature of the additional principal. 

On November 8, 2018, the Company received proceeds of on a senior secured convertible note that carries an interest rate, which matures on , as amended. The principal and interest were convertible into shares of common stock at the discretion of the note holder at a fixed conversion price of per share. On September 30, 2020, and the conversion price was amended to per share. The Company s obligations under this Note are secured by a lien on the assets of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary Digipath Labs, Inc. 

On November 5, 2018, the Company received proceeds of on a senior secured convertible note that carries an interest rate, which matures on , as amended. The principal and interest were convertible into shares of common stock at the discretion of the note holder at a fixed conversion price of per share. On September 30, 2020, and the conversion price was amended to per share. The Company s obligations under this Note are secured by a lien on the assets of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary Digipath Labs, Inc. 

Total convertible notes payable 

Less: unamortized debt discounts 

Total convertible debt 

Less: current maturities 
 
 - 
 
 Convertible notes payable 

In
addition, the Company recognized and measured the embedded beneficial conversion feature present in the convertible notes by allocating
a portion of the proceeds equal to the intrinsic value of the feature to additional paid-in-capital. The intrinsic value of the feature
was calculated on the commitment date using the effective conversion price of the convertible notes. This intrinsic value is limited
to the portion of the proceeds allocated to the convertible debt. 

The
aforementioned accounting treatment resulted in a total debt discount equal to and during the year ended September 30,
2021 and 2020. The discount is amortized on a straight-line basis from the dates of issuance until the earlier of the stated redemption
date of the debt, as noted above, or the actual settlement date. The Company recorded debt amortization expense attributed to the aforementioned
debt discount in the amounts of and , during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Unamortized discount
as of September 30, 2021 is 

All
of the convertible notes limit the maximum number of shares that can be owned by each note holder as a result of the conversions to common
stock to of the Company s issued and outstanding shares. 

The
Company recorded interest expense pursuant to the stated interest rates on the convertible notes in the amount of and 
for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Interest on capital leases 

Interest on notes payable 

Amortization of beneficial conversion features 

Interest on convertible notes 

Total interest expense 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share, of which have been
designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Series A Preferred ), with the remaining shares available
for designation from time to time by the Board as set forth below. As of September 30, 2021, there were shares of Series A
Preferred issued and outstanding. The Board of Directors is authorized to determine any number of series into which the undesignated
shares of preferred stock may be divided and to determine the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to any series
of the preferred stock. Each share of Series A Preferred is currently convertible into five shares of common stock. 

The
conversion price is adjustable in the event of stock splits and other adjustments in the Company s capitalization, and in the event
of certain negative actions undertaken by the Company. At the current conversion price, the shares of Series A Preferred outstanding
at September 30, 2020 are convertible into shares of the common stock of the Company. No holder is permitted to convert its
shares of Series A Preferred if such conversion would cause the holder to beneficially own more than of the issued and outstanding
common stock of the Company immediately after such conversion, unless waived by such holder by providing at least sixty-five days 
notice. 

Additional
terms of the Series A Preferred include the following: 

The shares of Series A
 Preferred are entitled to dividends when, as and if declared by the Board as to the shares of the common stock of the Company into
 which such Series A Preferred may then be converted, subject to the beneficial ownership limitation described above. 

Upon the liquidation or
 dissolution of the Company, or any merger or sale of all or substantially all of the assets, the shares of Series A Preferred are
 entitled to receive, prior to any distribution to the holders of common stock, of the purchase price per share of Series A Preferred
 plus all accrued but unpaid dividends. 

The Series A Preferred
 plus all declared but unpaid dividends thereon automatically will be converted into common stock, at the then applicable conversion
 rate, upon the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred. 

Each share of Series A
 Preferred will carry a number of votes equal to the number of shares of common stock into which such Series A Preferred may then
 be converted, subject to the beneficial ownership limitation described above. The Series A Preferred generally will vote together
 with the common stock and not as a separate class, except as provided below. 

Consent of the holders
 of the outstanding Series A Preferred is required in order for the Company to: (i) amend or change the rights, preferences, privileges
 or powers of, or the restrictions provided for the benefit of, the Series A Preferred; (ii) authorize, create or issue shares of
 any class of stock having rights, preferences, privileges or powers superior to the Series A Preferred; (iii) reclassify any outstanding
 shares into shares having rights, preferences, privileges or powers superior to the Series A Preferred; or (iv) amend the Company s
 Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws in a manner that adversely affects the rights of the Series A Preferred. 

Pursuant to the Securities
 Purchase Agreements, holders of Series A Preferred are entitled to unlimited piggyback registration rights on registrations
 by the Company, subject to pro rata cutback at any underwriter s discretion. 

Common
Stock 

Common
stock consists of par value, shares authorized, of which shares were issued and outstanding as of September
30, 2021. 

Common
Stock Transactions for the Year Ended September 30, 2021 

On
December 30, 2020, the Company sold shares of its common stock to its Chairman of the Board in exchange for proceeds of . 

During
the year ending September 30, 2021 the Company issued shares of its common stock in exchange for services rendered to the Company
with a total fair value based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the dates of grant. Of the total common
stock issued, shares were issued to officers, shares were issued to members of the Board, and shares were
issued to a consulting firm controlled by the Company s president. 

During
the year ending September 30, 2021 the Company issued shares of its common stock upon the conversion of of debt principal. 

Common
Stock Transactions for the Year Ended September 30, 2020 

During
the year ending September 30, 2020, the Company sold shares of its common stock in exchange for proceeds of . 

On
March 11, 2020, the Company acquired all of VSSL s outstanding shares of capital stock from VSSL s stockholders for consideration
consisting of shares of the Company s common stock and a cash payment of . The aggregate fair value of the Company s
common stock was based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the closing date. 

During
the year ending September 30, 2020 the Company issued shares of its common stock in exchange for services rendered to the Company
with a total fair value based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the dates of grant. Of the total common
stock issued, shares were issued to officers and were issued to third party consultants. 

Amortization
of Stock-Based Compensation 

A
total of of stock-based compensation expense was recognized during the year ended September 30, 2021 as a result of the issuance
of shares of common stock, as amortized over the requisite service period. 

A
total of of stock-based compensation expense was recognized during the year ended September 30, 2020 as a result of the issuance
of shares of common stock, as amortized over the requisite service period. 

shares of common
stock pursuant to the grant of options or other awards, including stock grants, to employees, officers or directors of, and consultants
to, the Company and its subsidiaries. Options granted under the 2012 Plan may either be intended to qualify as incentive stock options
under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, or may be non-qualified options, and are exercisable over periods not exceeding ten years from
date of grant. Options to purchase a total of shares of common stock were outstanding as of September 30, 2021. 

Common
Stock Option Issuances 

During
the year ending September 30, 2021 the Company issued options to purchase shares of its common stock in exchange for services
rendered to the company with a total fair value which is being amortized over the requisite vesting period of the options which
range from immediate vesting to vesting over years. The Company estimated the fair value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based
on a volatility rate of - and call option values of - and exercise prices of - . Of the total common
stock options issued, were issued to officers and were issued to third party consultants. 

During
the year ending September 30, 2020 the Company issued options to purchase shares of its common stock in exchange for services
rendered to the Company with a total fair value which is being amortized over the requisite vesting period of the options which
range from immediate vesting to vesting over years. The Company estimated the fair value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based
on a volatility rate of - and call option values of - and exercise prices of . Of the total options issued,
options to purchase shares were issued to officers, options to purchase shares were issued to members of the Board,
and options to purchase shares issued to third party consultants. 

Amortization
of Stock-Based Compensation 

A
total of and of stock-based compensation expense was recognized during the year ended September 30, 2021 and 2020,
respectively, as a result of the vesting of common stock options issued. As of September 30, 2021 a total of of unamortized expense
remains to amortized over the vesting period. 

years 

Average expected life (in years) 

Volatility 

The
Black-Scholes option pricing model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of short-term traded options that have no vesting
restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition, option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions including
expected stock price volatility. Because the Company s common stock options have characteristics significantly different from those
of traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate, in management s
opinion the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its common stock options. During
the years ended September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, there were options granted with an exercise price below the fair value
of the underlying stock at the grant date. 

The
weighted average fair value of options granted with exercise prices at the current fair value of the underlying stock during the year
ended September 30, 2021 was approximately per option. 

Options issued 

Options repurchased/expired 

Balance, September 30, 2020 

Options issued 

Options forfeited 

Balance, September 30, 2021 

Exercisable, September 30, 2021 

As
of September 30, 2021, these options in the aggregate had no intrinsic value as the per share market price of of the Company s
common stock as of such date was less than the weighted-average exercise price of these options of . 

shares of common stock were outstanding as of September 30, 2021. 

On
March 9, 2020, we granted a ten-year warrant to purchase shares of common stock at a price of per share to a consultant
as compensation for services. The estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of and a call
option value of , was . 

On
February 21, 2020, warrants to purchase shares of common stock at per share expired. 

During
the year ended September 30, 2021, warrants to purchase an aggregate total of shares of common stock at a weighted average
exercise price of per share expired. 

- 
 
 years 

Average expected life (in years) 
 - 

Volatility 
 - 

Warrants granted 

Warrants expired 

Balance, September 30, 2020 

Warrants granted 
 - 
 - 
 
 Warrants expired 

Balance, September 30, 2021 

Exercisable, September 30, 2021 

Goodwill impairment 
 - 

Impairment expense 
 - 

On
September 30, 2020, the Company decided to no longer pursue its SabIR technology, which was intended to use MicroNIR devices to test
cannabis for THC, CBD and CBG. Accordingly, the Company wrote off its inventory, consisting of five MicroNIR devices, each costing 
for a total impairment cost of . 

Goodwill
consisted of the consideration paid in excess of the net fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the VSSL transaction.
On September 30, 2020, the Company performed an impairment analysis and determined the asset to be impaired due to the lack of significant
revenues, and the Company s inability to fund the necessary research and development to develop its assets. 

For
the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred a net operating loss and, accordingly, no provision for income taxes
has been recorded. In addition, no benefit for income taxes has been recorded due to the uncertainty of the realization of any tax assets.
At September 30, 2021, the Company had approximately 
 of federal net operating losses. The net
operating loss carry forwards, if not utilized, will begin to expire in . 

State income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

Net effective income tax rate 
 - 
 - 

Net deferred tax assets before valuation allowance 

Less: Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

Based
on the available objective evidence, including the Company s history of its loss, management believes it is more likely than not
that the net deferred tax assets will not be fully realizable. Accordingly, the Company provided for a full valuation allowance against
its net deferred tax assets at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

In
accordance with FASB ASC 740, the Company has evaluated its tax positions and determined there are no uncertain tax positions. 

of cash proceeds under the Canna Lab Note described in Note 9. 

Subsequent to September 30, 2021, the company
advanced an additional to C3 Labs, Inc. under the same terms as the previous advances to C3 Labs, Inc. described in Note 5. 

On October 21, 2021, the Company issued 
shares of common stock to A. Stone Douglass in connection with his appointment as Chairman of the Board. 

F- 23 

ITEM
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None 

ITEM
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and our Principal Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2020 (the Evaluation Date ). The term disclosure controls
and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management,
including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance
of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible
controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2020, our Principal Executive
Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the
reasonable assurance level. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to
future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management
has conducted, with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and our Principal Accounting Officer, an assessment, including
testing of the effectiveness, of our internal control over financial reporting as of Evaluation Date. Management s assessment of
internal control over financial reporting was conducted using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework). 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. In connection with management s assessment of our internal control over financial reporting as required under
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we have identified the following material weaknesses in our internal control over
financial reporting as of the Evaluation Date. 

- Lack
 of segregation of duties in financial reporting, as our financial reporting and all accounting
 functions are performed by our Officers. 

- Lack
 of a formal review process that includes multiple levels of review, as all accounting and
 financial reporting functions are performed by our Officers and the work is not reviewed
 by anyone. 

We have thus concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective
as of the Evaluation Date. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to an exemption
for smaller reporting companies under Section 989G of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act) or in other factors that occurred during the fourth fiscal quarter of 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. Other Information 

None. 

19 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Set
forth below are the present directors and executive officers of the Company. There are no arrangements or understandings between any
of the directors, officers and other persons pursuant to which such person was selected as a director or an officer. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Todd Denkin 
 
 58 
 
 President 
 
 A. Stone Douglass 
 
 74 
 
 Chairman and CFO 
 
 Bruce Raben 
 
 68 
 
 Director 
 
 Dennis Hartman 
 
 65 
 
 Director 

Biographies 

Set
forth below are brief accounts of the business experience of each director and executive officer of the Company. 

Todd
Denkin was appointed as President on July 1, 2021. Mr. Denkin has many years of experience in the legal marijuana
industry, and has in the past been an integral part of the Company s management. Mr. Denkin originally joined the Company in April
2014 as President, and served as the Company s Chief Executive Officer from October 2014 until June 21, 2016. He then served as
the Company s President and Chief Operating Officer until September 26, 2019, and was thereafter a consultant to the Company until
December 2019. From January 2020 until December 2020 when he was re-engaged by the Company as a consultant, Mr. Denkin provided consulting
services to cannabis producers, and was active as a cannabis testing educator and content provider. Prior to joining the Company in April
2014, Mr. Denkin served as co-founder and president of both 10 Mile and Growopp, LLC where he created controlled environmental indoor
hydroponic grow chambers from 2011 to 2013. 

A.
Stone Douglass was appointed a director of the Company on July 1, 2021, as our Chief Financial Officer on August 16, 2021, and
as Chairman of the Board of Directors on October 21, 2021 Mr. Douglass has been: the Chief Executive Officer of GeoSolar Technologies,
Inc., a company planning to install natural energy systems, since December 2020; the Chief Financial Officer of David Kind, Inc., a Venice,
California based online eyewear brand, since June 2013; the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Sealand Natural Resources, Inc.,
a manufacturer and purveyor of Sealand Birk birch water and other alternative beverages, since March 2016; the Chief Financial Officer
of P5 Systems, Inc., a San Diego based technology platform known as the Craig s List of cannabis, servicing the legal cannabis
value chain, since March 2018; the Chief Executive Officer and director of Empire Global Gaming, Inc., a publicly traded Long Island,
NY based owner of gambling games and gaming applications, since December 2018; and the principal owner of Ducks Nest Investments Inc,
a private investment company, since September 1990. Between September 2014 and May 2017 Mr. Douglass was the manager of HL Brands, LLC,
a private firm manufacturing and selling apparel under the POPaganda brand, and watches and bags under the Flud brand, and between September
2014 and May 2017, Mr. Douglass was the Chairman of Artec Global Media, Inc., a publicly traded media company. We believe that Mr. Douglass s
financial and business experience qualify him to serve as our director. 

Bruce
Raben was appointed to our Board of Directors on September 12, 2018. Mr. Raben is the Managing Member of Hudson Capital Advisors
BD, LLC, a registered broker dealer that he founded in 2004. Mr. Raben has been an investment banker, merchant banker and private investor
for approximately 30 years. Starting in 1979 at Drexel Burnham Lambert, he worked on many leveraged buyouts and recapitalizations including
Mattel Toys, SFN Co. s, Magma Copper, Warnaco, Mellon Bank and John Fairfax. Mr. Raben then went on to co-found the Corporate Finance
Department at Jeffries Co. in 1990. Mr. Raben opened a west coast office for CIBC s high yield finance and merchant banking
activities in 1996. Mr. Raben received his A.B. from Vassar College in 1975 and his MBA from Columbia University in 1979. We believe
that Mr. Raben s investment banking and financial experience qualify him to serve as our director. 

Dennis
Hartmann was appointed to our Board of Directors on September 25, 2019 and as Interim President on August 14, 2020. Mr. Hartmann
resigned as Interim President on July 1, 2021. Mr. Hartmann had been an attorney engaged in private practice in the State of California
for over 35 years. Mr. Hartmann holds a B.S. from the University of Alabama and a J.D. from the University of Texas School of Law. We
believe that Mr. Hartmann s legal experience qualifies him to serve as our director. 

Family
Relationships 

None. 

20 

Board
Committees and Audit Committee Financial Expert 

We
do not currently have a standing audit, nominating or compensation committee of the board of directors, or any committee performing similar
functions. Our board of directors performs the functions of audit, nominating and compensation committees. As of the date of this prospectus,
no member of our board of directors qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation
S-K promulgated under the Securities Act. 

Director
Nominations 

As
of September 30, 2021, we did not affect any material changes to the procedures by which our shareholders may recommend nominees to our
board of directors. We have not established formal procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to the Company s
board of directors. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s directors, executive officers and persons who own more than 10 of a registered
class of the Company s securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common
stock and other equity securities of the Company. Directors, executive officers and greater than 10 stockholders are required by SEC
regulation to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. To our knowledge, based solely on the review of
the copies of these forms furnished to us and representations that no other reports were required, the Company believes that all forms
required to be filed under Section 16 of the Exchange Act for the year ended September 30, 2021 were filed timely. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officers, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer
or controller, or persons performing similar functions. A copy of our code of ethics may be obtained free of charge by contacting us
at the address or telephone number listed on the cover page hereof. 

ITEM
11. Executive Compensation 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following summary compensation table sets forth the aggregate compensation we paid or accrued during the fiscal years ended September
30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 to persons serving as our Chief Executive Officer during our year ended September 30, 2021 (our Named
Executive Officers ), who were our only executive officers during 2021, as none of our other officers earned total compensation
in excess of 100,000 during our last completed fiscal year. 

Name and 
 Fiscal 
 
 Stock 
 Option 
 All Other 

Financial Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Awards (5) 
 Awards (5) 
 Compensation 
 Total 

Dennis Hartmann, 
 2021 
 18,000 
 18,760 (1) 
 - 
 - 
 36,760 
 
 Interim President (1) 
 2020 

4,270 (1) 
 - 
 4,270 

Todd Denkin (2) 
 2021 
 37,500 
 107,975 (3) 
 - 
 48,000 (4) 
 193,475 
 
 President 

21 

(1) 
 Mr. Hartman was appointed
 our Interim President on August 14, 2020 and held the position through July 1, 2021 when Todd Denkin was appointed President. Stock
 award for 2021 consists of (i) 200,000 shares granted March 25, 2021 with a price per share value of 0.0563, for a total value of
 11,260 and (ii) 125,000 shares granted June 25, 2021 with a price per share value of 0.06, for a total value of 7,500. Option
 award for 2020 consists of options to purchase 250,000 shares of common stock exercisable at 0.10 per share over 10 years issued
 as a bonus on January 31, 2020 that vests as to (i) one-quarter of such shares on the Effective Date, (ii) an additional one-quarter
 of such shares on the one-year anniversary of the Effective Date, (iii) an additional one-quarter of such shares on the two-year
 anniversary of the Effective Date, and (iv) the remaining one-quarter of such shares on the three-year anniversary of the Effective
 Date. The Company recognized 4,270 of stock-based compensation expense during the year ended September 30, 2020. Mr. Hartmann is
 also compensated as a consultant for his services to us as our Director for which he received 12,000 for the year ended September
 30, 2020. 

(2) 
 Mr. Denkin was appointed
 President on July 1, 2021. 

(3) 
 Amount relates to 1,500,000
 shares of Common Stock issued to Mr. Denkin on July 1, 2020 upon his appointment as President and 500,000 shares of Common Stock
 issued to Mr. Denkin under his Consulting Agreement with the Company during the year ended September 30, 2021 for services rendered
 prior to his appointment as President. 

(4) 
 Consists of consulting
 fees paid to TD Media, an entity controlled by Todd Denkin, prior to his appointment as President of Company. 

(5) 
 See Note 12 of our audited
 financial statements included herein for additional information on assumptions made in the valuation of option awards. 

Employment
Agreements 

We
are not party to an employment agreement with Todd Denkin 

22 

Outstanding
Equity Awards 

The
following table sets forth information with respect to unexercised stock options, stock that has not vested, and equity incentive plan
awards held by our Named Executive Officers at September 30, 2021. 

Outstanding Option Awards at Fiscal Year-End 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Option Exercise Price 
 Option Expiration Date 

Todd Denkin, President 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 N/A 

Dennis Hartmann, Interim President 
 125,000 (1) 
 125,000 (1) 
 0.10 
 January 31, 2031 

(1)
 Option to purchase 250,000 shares of common stock granted on January 31, 2020, vest as to 62,500 shares on date of grant and as
to an additional 62,500 shares on each of the next three anniversaries of the grant date. 

Option
Exercises and Stock Vested 

None
of our Named Executive Officers exercised any stock options or acquired stock through vesting of an equity award during the year ended
September 30, 2021. 

23 

Director
Compensation 

The
following table summarizes the compensation paid or accrued by us to our directors that are not Named Executive Officers for the year
ended September 30, 2021. 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 
 Stock Award 
 Option Awards 
 Non-Equity Incentive Compensation 
 Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All other Compensation 
 Total 

Bruce Raben (1) 
 30,000 
 26,260 
 
 - 
 - 
 36,000 
 92,260 
 
 Ed DeFrank (2) 
 9,000 
 16,260 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 25,260 

(1)
 We have agreed to compensate Mr. Raben a total of 7,500 in cash per quarter for his service as a director. On March 25, 2021,
we granted Mr. Raben 200,000 shares with a price per share value of 0.0563, for a total value of 11,260. On June 25, 2021, we granted
Mr. Raben 250,000 shares with a price per share value of 0.06, for a total value of 15,000. All other compensation consists
of cash payments of 18,000 for consulting fees. 

 (2)
 On March 25, 2021, we granted Mr. DeFrank 200,000 shares with a price per share value of 0.0563, for a total value of 11,260.
On June 25, 2021, we granted Mr. DeFrank 83,333 shares with a price per share value of 0.06, for a total value of 5,000. Mr. DeFrank
resigned from his position on the Board on May 27, 2021. 

Directors
are entitled to reimbursement for reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attendance at meetings
of our board of directors. 

ITEM
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth, as of December 27, 2021, certain information with regard to the record and beneficial ownership of the Company s
common stock by (i) each person known to the Company to be the record or beneficial owner of 5 or more of the Company s common
stock, (ii) each director of the Company, (iii) each of the named executive officers, and (iv) all executive officers and directors of
the Company as a group. The address of each of our directors and executive officers named in the table is c/o Digipath, Inc., 6450 Cameron
Street, Suite 113, Las Vegas, Nevada 89118: 

Series A 

Common Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Name of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares 
 of Class (2) 
 Number of Shares 
 of Class 
 
 Officers and Directors: 

Dennis Hartmann Director (3) 
 512,500 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Todd Denkin, President 
 2,308,824 
 3.2 
 - 
 - 
 
 Bruce Raben, Director (4) 
 3,918,986 
 5.3 
 - 
 - 
 
 A. Stone Douglass, Chairman and CFO (5) 
 1,964,286 
 2.7 

Directors and Officers as a Group (4 persons) 
 8,192,096 
 11.2 
 - 
 - 

less than 1 

(1) 
 Except as indicated in
 the footnotes to this table and pursuant to applicable community property laws, the persons named in the table have sole voting and
 investment power with respect to all shares of Common Stock or Series A Preferred Stock owned by such person. 

(2) 
 Percentage
 of beneficial ownership is based upon 72,730,153 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of December 27, 2021. For each named
 person, this percentage includes Common Stock that the person has the right to acquire either currently or within 60 days of December
 27, 2021, including through the exercise of an option; however, such Common Stock is not deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing
 the percentage owned by any other person. 

24 

(3) 
 Includes options to purchase
 187,500 shares of common stock exercisable at 0.10 per share. 

(4) 
 Includes options to purchase
 500,000 shares of common stock exercisable at 0.13 per share, and options to purchase 695,653 shares of common stock exercisable
 at 0.10 per share. 

(5) 
 Includes options to purchase
 464,286 shares of common stock exercisable at 0.06 per share, 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS,
AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Director
Independence 

Our
board of directors currently consists of Bruce Raben, Dennis Hartmann and A. Stone Douglass. Our Board of Directors has determined that
Mr. Raben and Mr. Hartmann, constituting a majority of our directors, are independent in accordance with the NASDAQ Global
Market s requirements. However, as our common stock is currently quoted on the OTCQB, we are not currently subject to corporate
governance standards of listed companies. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

All
audit work was performed by the full-time employees of M K CPAS, PLLC M K for the years ended September 30, 2021
and 2020. Our board of directors does not have an audit committee. The functions customarily delegated to an audit committee are performed
by our full board of directors. Our board of directors approves in advance, all services performed by M K. Our board of directors
has considered whether the provision of non-audit services is compatible with maintaining the principal accountant s independence,
and has approved such services. 

The
following table sets forth fees billed by our auditors during the last two fiscal years for services rendered for the audit of our annual
consolidated financial statements and the review of our quarterly financial statements, services by our auditors that are reasonably
related to the performance of the audit or review of our consolidated financial statements and that are not reported as audit fees, services
rendered in connection with tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning, and all other fees for services rendered. 

Years Ended September 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Audit fees: (1) 
 49,500 
 44,500 
 
 Audit related fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All other fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 49,500 
 44,500 

(1)
 Audit fees were principally for audit services and work performed in the review of the Company s quarterly reports on Form
10-Q 

25 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

Exhibit 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement between Digipath, Inc., VSSL Enterprises Ltd., Kyle Joseph Remenda, Philippe Olivier Henry, PhD, Audim Ventures Ltd. and Britt Ash Enterprises Ltd., dated March 9, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Digipath, Inc. on March 16, 2020) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Form 10 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Digipath, Inc. on July 15, 2011) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Form 10 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Digipath, Inc. on July 15, 2011) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation dated April 4, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Digipath, Inc. on April 10, 2014) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designations, Preferences, Limitations, Restrictions and Relative Rights of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock dated April 9, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Digipath, Inc. on April 10, 2014) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation dated May 22, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Digipath, Inc. on May 26, 2015) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation dated May 14, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 of the Current Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Digipath, Inc. on August 13, 2019) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of 8 Senior Secured Convertible Notes due December 31, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Digipath, Inc. on November 21, 2018) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of 8 Senior Secured Convertible Notes due September 23, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Digipath, Inc. on September 26, 2019) 
 
 4.3 
 
 9 Secured Convertible Note, between Digipath, Inc. and holder, due August 10, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Current Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Digipath, Inc. on February 14, 2020) 
 
 4.4 
 
 9 Secured Subordinated Convertible Note, between Digipath, Inc. and holder, due August 11, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Current Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Digipath, Inc. on February 14, 2020) 
 
 4.5 
 
 9 Secured Subordinated Convertible Note, between Digipath, Inc. and holder, due August 11, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 of the Current Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Digipath, Inc. on May 15, 2020) 
 
 4.6 
 
 Form of Amendment to 9 Secured Convertible Note, between Digipath, Inc. and holder, due August 10, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Digipath, Inc. on January 6, 2021) 
 
 4.7 
 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Digipath, Inc. on January 29, 2021) 
 
 10.1 
 
 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Digipath, Inc. on March 9, 2012) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Digipath, Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Digipath, Inc. on June 27, 2016) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of Stock Option Grant Notice for grants under the Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Digipath, Inc. on June 27, 2016) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Option Agreement for grants under the Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Digipath, Inc. on June 27, 2016) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Security Agreement, between Digipath, Inc. Digipath Labs, Inc., and collateral agent for the holders of the 8 Senior Secured Convertible Notes due December 31, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Digipath, Inc. on November 21, 2018) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Security Agreement, between Digipath, Inc. Digipath Labs, Inc., and holder of the 8 Secured Convertible Note due September 23, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Digipath, Inc. on September 26, 2019) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Security Agreement, between Digipath, Inc., Digipath Labs, Inc., and holder of the 9 Senior Secured Convertible Note due August 10, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Digipath, Inc. on February 14, 2020) 

26 

10.8 
 
 Security Agreement, between Digipath, Inc., Digipath Labs, Inc., and holder of the 9 Senior Secured Convertible Note due August 11, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Digipath, Inc. on February 14, 2020) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Security Agreement, between Digipath, Inc., Digipath Labs, Inc., and holder of the 9 Senior Secured Convertible Note due August 11, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Current Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Digipath, Inc. on May 15, 2020) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Paycheck Protection Program Loan Note between Digipath Labs, Inc. and WebBank, holder of the 1 Promissory Note due May 13, 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Current Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Digipath, Inc. on August 14, 2020) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Paycheck Protection Program Loan Note between Digipath, Inc. and Cross River Bank, holder of the 1 Promissory Note due June 22, 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Current Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Digipath, Inc. on August 14, 2020) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Separation and Release Agreement between Digipath, Inc. and Kyle Remenda, dated July 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Digipath, Inc. on July 6, 2020) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Amended and Restated 8 Secured Convertible Promissory Note, between Digipath, Inc. Digipath Labs, Inc., and Holder (Nordhaven, LLC) of the 8 Secured Convertible Note due August 10, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Digipath, Inc. on October 7, 2020) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Amended and Restated 8 Secured Convertible Promissory Note, between Digipath, Inc. Digipath Labs, Inc., and Holder (CSW Ventures, LP) of the 8 Secured Convertible Note due August 10, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Digipath, Inc. October 7, 2020) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Amended and Restated 8 Secured Convertible Promissory Note, between Digipath, Inc. Digipath Labs, Inc., and Holder (CSW Ventures, LP) of the 8 Secured Convertible Note due August 10, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Digipath, Inc. October 7, 2020) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Separation and Release Agreement between Digipath, Inc. and Kyle Remenda, dated July 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Digipath, Inc. on July 6, 2020) 
 
 10.17 
 
 12 Secured Promissory Note dated September 10, 2021 issued by Digipath, Inc. to US Canna Lab I, LLC 
 
 10.18 
 
 Consulting, Confidentiality and Proprietary Rights Agreement between Digipath, Inc. and Duck s Nest Investments, Inc., wholly-owned by A. Stone Douglass, dated September 1, 2021. 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to the list of subsidiaries in Note 1 to the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Section 302 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 
 31.2 
 
 Section 302 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section 906 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 
 32.2 
 
 Section 906 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Calculation Linkbase
 Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Definition Linkbase
 Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Presentation Linkbase
 Document 

Filed herewith. 

27 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

DIGIPATH,
 INC. 

(Registrant) 

By: 
 /s/
 Todd Denkin 

Todd
Denkin 

President 

Dated: 
 December 29, 2021 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant, and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Todd
 Denkin 
 
 President 

Todd Denkin 
 
 (Principal Executive
 Officer) 
 
 December 29,
 2021 

/s/
 A. Stone Douglass 
 
 Chief Financial Officer,
 Secretary and Chairman 
 
 December 29,
 2021 
 
 A. Stone Douglass 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer
 and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Bruce Raben 
 
 Director 
 
 December 29,
 2021 
 
 Bruce Raben 

/s/
 Dennis Hartman 
 
 Director 
 
 December 29,
 2021 
 
 Dennis Hartman 

28 

<EX-10.17>
 2
 ex10-17.htm

Exhibit
10.17 

THIS
NOTE AND THE UNDERLYING SECURITIES HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT PURPOSES ONLY AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED UNTIL (i) A REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT SHALL HAVE BECOME EFFECTIVE WITH RESPECT THERETO
OR (ii) RECEIPT BY THE COMPANY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY TO THE EFFECT THAT REGISTRATION UNDER
THE ACT IS NOT REQUIRED IN CONNECTION WITH SUCH PROPOSED TRANSFER NOR IS IN VIOLATION OF ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS LEGEND
SHALL BE ENDORSED UPON ANY NOTE ISSUED IN EXCHANGE FOR THIS NOTE. 

DIGIPATH,
INC. 

12 
Secured Promissory Note 

675,000 
 September
 10, 2021 (the Issue Date 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, DIGIPATH, INC. , a Nevada corporation (the Company with its principal executive office at
6450 Cameron Blvd., Suite 113, Las Vegas, Nevada 89118, promises to pay to the order of US CANNA LAB I, LLC or its registered
assigns (the Holder or Payee ), the principal amount of Six Hundred Seventy-Five Thousand Dollars 675,000) (the Principal Amount ), on September 10, 2024 (the Maturity Date or such earlier
date as this Note is required or permitted to be repaid as provided hereunder, and to pay interest to the Holder on the aggregate unconverted
and then outstanding Principal Amount of this Secured Promissory Note (this Note in accordance with the provisions
hereof. 

Each
payment by the Company pursuant to this Note shall be made without set-off or counterclaim and in immediately available funds. The Company
(i) waives presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind in connection with this Note and (ii) agrees to pay to the Holder of this
Note, on demand, all costs and expenses (including reasonable and documented legal fees and expenses) incurred in connection with the
enforcement and collection of this Note. 

This
Note has been issued pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement entered into between
the Company and the Payee, and is secured by a Security Agreement (the Security Agreement in favor of Payee covering
certain collateral (the Collateral ), all as more particularly described and provided therein, and is entitled to
the benefits thereof. The Security Agreement and any and all other documents executed and delivered by the Company to Payee under which
Payee is granted liens on assets of the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Securities Purchase Agreement
are collectively referred to as the Security Documents . 

Unless
otherwise defined in this Note, capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Note Purchase Agreement. 

1 

1.
 Principal Repayment 

A.
 Optional Prepayment . At any time from and after the Issue Date, the Company may prepay this Note, without premium or penalty,
in whole or in part, with accrued interest to the date of such prepayment on the amount prepaid; provided, however, that if this Note
is repaid in full prior to first anniversary of the date hereof, the Company shall pay Payee a prepayment premium which shall be equal
to (x) 60,000 (i.e., on year of interest in respect of the Principal Amount), minus (y) the payments in respect of interest received
by Payee under this Note. 

B.
 Application of Prepayments. All prepayments under this Note shall be applied to the scheduled payments under Section 2(b) below
in the order of their maturities. 

2.
 Computation and Payment of Interest . 

A.
 Interest Rate . The outstanding Principal Amount shall bear interest at the rate of twelve (12 percent per annum. 

B.
 Payment of Principal and Interest . The Principal Amount, together with accrued interest shall be paid in equal monthly amortizing
payments in the amount of 22,419.66 each on the 1 st day of each month, beginning October 1, 2021, and on the Maturity Date. 

3.
 Covenants of Company . 

A.
 Affirmative Covenants . The Company covenants and agrees that, so long as this Note shall be outstanding, unless it has otherwise
obtained the prior written consent of the Holder, it will perform the obligations set forth in this Section 2A: 

(i)
 Taxes and Levies . The Company (and each of its subsidiaries) will promptly pay and discharge all taxes, assessments, and governmental
charges or levies imposed upon the Company or upon its income and profits, or upon any of its property, before the same shall become
delinquent, as well as all claims for labor, materials and supplies which, if unpaid, might become a lien or charge upon such properties
or any part thereof; provided , however , that the Company shall not be required to pay and discharge any such tax, assessment,
charge, levy or claim so long as the validity thereof shall be contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and the Company shall
set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles with respect to any such tax, assessment,
charge, levy or claim so contested; 

(ii)
 Maintenance of Existence . The Company (and each of its subsidiaries) will do or cause to be done all things reasonably necessary
to preserve and keep in full force and effect its corporate existence, rights and franchises and comply with all laws applicable to the
Company, except where the failure to comply would not have a material adverse effect on the Company; 

2 

(iii)
 Maintenance of Property . The Company (and each of its subsidiaries) will at all times reasonably maintain, preserve, protect and
keep its property used or useful in the conduct of its business in good repair, working order and condition (ordinary wear and tear excepted),
and from time to time make all needful and proper repairs, renewals, replacements and improvements thereto as shall be reasonably required
in the conduct of its business; 

(iv)
 Insurance . The Company (and each of its subsidiaries) will, to the extent necessary for the operation of its business, keep adequately
insured by financially sound reputable insurers, all property of a character usually insured by similar corporations and carry such other
insurance as is usually carried by similar corporations; 

(v)
 Books and Records . The Company (and each of its subsidiaries) will at all times keep true and correct books, records and accounts
reflecting all of its business affairs and transactions in accordance with GAAP. Such books and records shall be open at reasonable times
and upon reasonable notice to the inspection of the Payee or its agents; 

(vi)
 Notice of Certain Events . The Company (and each of its subsidiaries) will give prompt written notice (with a description in reasonable
detail) to the Payee of the occurrence of any Event of Default or any event which, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time, would
constitute an Event of Default; and 

B.
 Negative Covenants . The Company covenants and agrees that, so long as this Note shall be outstanding, unless it has otherwise
obtained the prior written consent of the Holder, it will perform the obligations set forth in this Section 3B: 

(i)
 Liquidation, Dissolution . The Company will not (and will not permit any of its subsidiaries to) liquidate or dissolve, consolidate
with, or merge into or with, any other corporation or other entity, except that any wholly-owned subsidiary may merge with another wholly-owned
subsidiary or with the Company (so long as the Company is the surviving corporation and no Event of Default shall occur as a result thereof);
provided, however, such prior written consent shall not be required in connection with the consummation of any merger or change of control
transaction which results in prepayment of the Note pursuant to the terms of this Note; 

(ii)
 Sales of Assets . The Company will not (nor permit any of its subsidiaries with respect to their assets and properties), other
than in the ordinary course of business, sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of, or grant options, warrants or other rights with
respect to, all or a substantial part of its properties or assets material to the Company s business to any person or entity; provided,
however, such prior written consent shall not be required in connection with licenses or other rights granted by the Company to a strategic
partner, licensee or distributor as approved by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board of Directors ); 

(iii)
 Redemptions . The Company will not redeem or repurchase any outstanding equity and/or debt securities of the Company (or its subsidiaries); 

3 

(iv)
 Indebtedness . Company will hereafter not create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, contingently or otherwise, any indebtedness
which is not expressly subordinate in all respects to this Note, provided , that this covenant shall not apply to (A) capitalized
leases, purchase money indebtedness (secured solely by Liens on the equipment or assets leased or purchased), (B) accounts payable, or
(C) other accrued expenses incurred by the Company in the ordinary course of business; 

(v)
 Negative Pledge . The Company will not (nor will it permit its subsidiaries to) hereafter create, incur, assume or suffer to exist
any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, security interest, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), preference, priority or other
security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention
agreement and any financing lease) (each, a Lien upon any of its property, revenues or assets, whether now owned
or hereafter acquired, except any of the following (collectively, Permitted Liens ): 

(a)
Liens granted to secure indebtedness incurred (i) to finance the acquisition (whether by purchase or capitalized lease) of tangible assets
or (ii) under equipment leases or purchase money indebtedness, but in each case, only on the assets acquired with the proceeds of such
indebtedness; 

(b)
Liens for taxes, assessments or other governmental charges or levies not at the time delinquent or thereafter payable without penalty
or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP shall have been set
aside on its books; 

(c)
Liens of carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, materialmen and landlords incurred in the ordinary course of business for sums not overdue
or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP shall have been set
aside on its books; 

(d)
Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance or other forms
of governmental insurance or benefits, or to secure performance of tenders, statutory obligations, leases and contracts (other than for
borrowed money) entered into in the ordinary course of business or to secure obligations on surety or appeal bonds; and 

(e)
Judgment Liens in existence less than 30 days after notice of the entry thereof is forwarded to the Company or with respect to which
execution has been stayed. 

(vi)
 Transactions with Affiliates . The Company will not (and will not permit any of its subsidiaries to) enter into any transaction
after the Issue Date, including, without limitation, the purchase, sale, lease or exchange of property, real or personal, the purchase
or sale of any security, the borrowing or lending of any money, or the rendering of any service, with any person or entity affiliated
with the Company or any of its subsidiaries (including officers, directors and shareholders owning five (5 percent or more of the Company s
outstanding capital stock), except in the ordinary course of and pursuant to the reasonable requirements of its business and upon fair
and reasonable terms not less favorable than would be obtained in a comparable arms-length transaction with any other person or entity
not affiliated with the Company as determined by the Board of Directors in good faith. 

4 

(vii)
 Dividends . The Company will not declare or pay any cash dividends or distributions on its outstanding capital stock. 

(viii)
 Proration of Payments . The Company shall not make or permit any payment on account of principal or interest payable hereunder
or any of the other Notes in excess of each Holder s pro rate share of payments then due under the Notes. 

4.
 Events of Default . 

If
any of the following events shall occur for any reason whatsoever (and whether such occurrence shall be voluntary or involuntary or come
about or be effected by operation by law or otherwise) (each, an Event of Default ): 

(i)
 Non-Payment of Obligations . The Company shall default in the payment of the principal of this Note as and when the same shall
become due and payable (whether by acceleration or otherwise) or shall fail to pay accrued interest on this Note within five (5) business
days of when the same shall become due and payable (whether by acceleration or otherwise); 

(ii)
 Non-Performance of Affirmative Covenants . The Company shall default in the due observance or performance of any covenant set forth
in Section 3A, which default shall continue uncured for thirty (30) days; 

(iii)
 Non-Performance of Negative Covenants . The Company shall default in the due observance or performance of any covenant set forth
in Section 3B, and, if capable of cure, such default shall not have been cured within thirty (30) days; 

(iv)
 Bankruptcy, Insolvency, Etc . The Company (or any of its subsidiaries) shall: 

(a)
in any legal document admit in writing its inability to pay its debts as they become due; 

(b)
apply for, consent to, or acquiesce in, the appointment of a trustee, receiver, sequestrator or other custodian for the Company or any
of its property, or make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; 

(c)
in the absence of such application, consent or acquiesce in, permit or suffer to exist the appointment of a trustee, receiver, sequestrator
or other custodian for the Company or for any part of its property; 

5 

(d)
permit or suffer to exist the commencement of any bankruptcy, reorganization, debt arrangement or other case or proceeding under any
bankruptcy or insolvency law, or any dissolution, winding up or liquidation proceeding, in respect of the Company, and, if such case
or proceeding is not commenced by the Company or converted to a voluntary case, such case or proceeding shall be consented to or acquiesced
in by the Company or shall result in the entry of an order for relief; or 

(e)
take any corporate or other action authorizing, or in furtherance of, any of the foregoing; 

(v)
 Cross-Default . The Company shall default in the payment when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, of any
amount payable under any other obligation of the Company for money borrowed in excess of 300,000; 

(vi)
 Cross-Acceleration . Any other indebtedness for borrowed money of the Company (or any of its subsidiaries) in an aggregate principal
amount exceeding 100,000 shall be duly declared to be or shall become due and payable prior to the stated maturity thereof or shall
not be paid as and when the same becomes due and payable including any applicable grace period; 

(vii)
 Other Breaches, Defaults . The Company shall default or be in breach of any term or provision of this Note, any other Transaction
Document (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement), in any material respect, for a period of thirty (30) days, or any material representation
or warranty made by the Company to the Payee in any Transaction Document shall be materially false or misleading; or 

(viii)
 Security Documents . The Security Documents shall cease to create a valid and perfected Lien in and to any material Collateral; 

then,
and in any such event, the Holder shall, by notice to the Company, take or cause to be taken any or all of the following actions, without
prejudice to the rights of Payee to enforce its claims against the Company: (1) declare the principal of and any accrued interest and
all other amounts payable under this Note to be due and payable, whereupon the same shall become, forthwith due and payable without presentment,
demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Company, (2) proceed to enforce or cause to be enforced
any remedies provided under the Security Agreement, and (3) exercise any other remedies available at law or in equity, either by suit
in equity or by action at law, or both, whether for specific performance of any covenant or other agreement contained in this Note; provided,
that upon the occurrence of any Event of Default referred to in Section 4(v) then (without prejudice to the rights and remedies specified
in clause (3) above) automatically, without notice, demand or any other act by any Holder, the principal of and any accrued interest
and all other amounts payable under this Note shall become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other
notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Company, anything contained in this Note to the contrary notwithstanding.
No remedy conferred in this Note upon any Holder is intended to be exclusive of any other remedy, and each and every such remedy shall
be cumulative and shall be in addition to every other remedy conferred herein or now or hereinafter existing at law or in equity or by
statute or otherwise. 

6 

5.
 Amendments and Waivers . 

The
provisions of this Note may from time to time be amended, modified or supplemented, if such amendment, modification or supplement is
in writing and consented to by the Company and the Holder. No failure or delay on the part of the Payee in exercising any power or right
under this Note shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power or right preclude any other
or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other power or right. No notice to or demand on the Company in any case shall entitle
it to any notice or demand in similar or other circumstances. No waiver or approval by the Payee shall, except as may be otherwise stated
in such waiver or approval, be applicable to subsequent transactions. No waiver or approval hereunder shall require any similar or dissimilar
waiver or approval thereafter to be granted hereunder. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to the Payee, and such
payment or payments or any part thereof are subsequently for any reason invalidated, set aside and/or required to be repaid by the Payee
to a trustee, receiver or any other party under any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause, then to the
extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied, and all rights and remedies therefor, shall
be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made by the Payee or such enforcement or setoff had
not occurred. 

6.
 Miscellaneous . 

A.
 Parties in Interest . All covenants, agreements and undertakings in this Note binding upon the Company or the Payee shall bind
and inure to the benefit of its successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the Payee, respectively, whether so express or not. 

B.
 Governing Law . This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without regard
to the conflicts of laws principles thereof. 

C.
 Waiver of Jury Trial . THE PAYEE AND THE COMPANY HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVE ANY RIGHTS THEY MAY HAVE
TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION BASED HEREON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS NOTE OR ANY OTHER
DOCUMENT OR INSTRUMENT EXECUTED AND DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER
VERBAL OR WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS OF THE PAYEE OR THE COMPANY. THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR THE PAYEE S PURCHASING THIS
NOTE. 

7 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, this Note has been executed and delivered on the date specified above by the duly authorized representative of the Company. 

DIGIPATH,
 INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 A. Stone Douglass 

Name: 
 A.
 Stone Douglass 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

8 

</EX-10.17>

<EX-10.18>
 3
 ex10-18.htm

Exhibit
10.18 

DigiPath
Labs, Inc. 

CONSULTING,
CONFIDENTIALITY AND PROPRIETARY RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

This
Consulting, Confidentiality and Proprietary Rights Agreement Agreement is entered into as of the 1 st day of
September, 2021 (the Effective Date by and between DigiPath Labs, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ),
and Duck s Nest Investments, Inc., Consultant ). a Florida Company wholly-owned by A. Stone Douglass Principal ). 

WHEREAS,
the Company desires to engage Consultant to provide certain services as set forth on Schedule A attached hereto and as specified from
time to time by the Company. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants and conditions contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1.
 Engagement. The Company hereby engages Consultant to perform, using A.Stone Douglass (the Principal ), those duties
set forth in the Schedule A attached hereto and such other duties as may be requested from time to time by the Company. Consultant hereby
accepts such engagement upon the terms and subject to conditions set forth in this Agreement. 

2.
 Compensation. For the services rendered by Consultant under this Agreement, the Company shall pay to Consultant the compensation
specified in the Schedule A, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 

3.
 Term and Survivability. The term of this Agreement shall be for a period of one year from the Effective Date. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Company may terminate this Agreement on or after one month from the Effective Date by providing written advance notice
to Consultant and Consultant may terminate this Agreement on or after one month from the Effective Date by one-month s written
advance notice to Company. In addition, this Agreement may be terminated if either party materially fails to perform or comply with this
Agreement or any material provision hereof. Termination shall be effective five (5) days after notice of such material failure to perform
or comply with this Agreement or any material provision hereof to the defaulting party if the defaults have not been cured within such
five (5) day period. Upon termination of this Agreement the following sections of this Agreement shall survive such termination: Sections
3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 10, 12 and 13. 

4.
 Costs and Expenses of Consultant s Performance. Except as set forth on the Schedule A, all costs and expenses of Consultant s
performance hereunder shall be borne by the Consultant. 

5.
 Taxes . As an independent contractor, Consultant acknowledges and agrees that it is solely responsible for the payment of any taxes
and/or assessments imposed on account of the payment of compensation to, or the performance of services by Consultant pursuant this Agreement,
including, without limitation, any unemployment insurance tax, federal and state income taxes, federal Social Security (FICA) payments,
and state disability insurance taxes. The Company shall not make any withholdings or payments of said taxes or assessments with respect
to amounts paid to Consultant hereunder; provided, however, that if required by law or any governmental agency, the Company shall withhold
such taxes or assessments from amounts due Consultant, and any such withholding shall be for Consultant s account and shall not
be reimbursed by the Company to Consultant. Consultant expressly agrees to make all payments of such taxes, as and when the same may
become due and payable with respect to the compensation earned under this Agreement. 

1 

6.
 Confidentiality. Consultant agrees that Consultant will not, except when required by applicable law or order of a court, during
the term of this Agreement or thereafter, disclose directly or indirectly to any person or entity, or copy, reproduce or use, any Trade
Secrets (as defined below) or Confidential Information (as defined below) or other information treated as confidential by the Company
known, learned or acquired by the Consultant during the period of the Consultant s engagement by the Company. For purposes of this
Agreement, Confidential Information shall mean any and all Trade Secrets, knowledge, data or know-how of the Company, any
of its affiliates or of third parties in the possession of the Company or any of its affiliates, and any nonpublic technical, training,
financial and/or business information treated as confidential by the Company or any of its affiliates, whether or not such information,
knowledge, Trade Secret or data was conceived, originated, discovered or developed by Consultant hereunder. For purposes of this Agreement,
 Trade Secrets shall include, without limitation, any formula, concept, pattern, processes, designs, device, software, systems,
list of customers, training manuals, marketing or sales or service plans, business plans, marketing plans, financial information, or
compilation of information which is used in the Company s business or in the business of any of its affiliates. Any information
of the Company or any of its affiliates which is not readily available to the public shall be considered to be a Trade Secret unless
the Company advises Consultant in writing otherwise. Consultant acknowledges that all of the Confidential Information is proprietary
to the Company and is a special, valuable and unique asset of the business of the Company, and that Consultant s past, present
and future engagement by the Company has created, creates and will continue to create a relationship of confidence and trust between
the Consultant and the Company with respect to the Confidential Information. Furthermore, Consultant shall immediately notify the Company
of any information which comes to its attention which might indicate that there has been a loss of confidentiality with respect to the
Confidential Information. In such event, Consultant shall take all reasonable steps within its power to limit the scope of such loss.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information does not include information that Consultant can demonstrate with competent evidence
is: (a) already lawfully known by Consultant at the time of first receipt from Company and is not subject to any other nondisclosure
agreement between the parties or between Consultant and a third party; (b) was in the public domain at the time it was disclosed to Consultant;
(c) entered the public domain after it was disclosed to the Consultant through no fault of Consultant or its employees, agents or subcontractors
(d) is independently developed by consultant through no use of the Company s Confidential Information. Consultant may also disclose
Confidential Information of Company to the extent disclosure is required to be disclosed by a court or governmental authority having
jurisdiction over Consultant, provided that Consultant gives Company prompt written notice of the request prior to any disclosure and
cooperates with Company, at Company s reasonable request and expense, in any lawful action to contest or limit the scope of such
required disclosure, including filing motions and otherwise making appearances before a court. 

7.
 Return of the Company s Proprietary Materials. Consultant agrees to deliver promptly to the Company on termination of this
Agreement for whatever reason, or at any time the Company may so request, all documents, records, artwork, designs, data, drawings, flowcharts,
listings, models, sketches, apparatus, notebooks, disks, notes, copies and similar repositories of Confidential Information and any other
documents of a confidential nature belonging to the Company, including all copies, summaries, records, descriptions, modifications, drawings
or adaptations of such materials which Consultant may then possess or have under its control. Concurrently with the return of such proprietary
materials to the Company, Consultant agrees to deliver to the Company such further agreements and assurances to ensure the confidentiality
of proprietary materials. Consultant further agrees that upon termination of this Agreement, Consultant s, employees, consultants,
agents or independent contractors shall not retain any document, data or other material of any description containing any Confidential
Information or proprietary materials of the Company. 

2 

9.
 Trade Secrets of Others. Consultant represents to the Company that its performance of all the terms of this Agreement does not
and will not breach any agreement to keep in confidence proprietary information or trade secrets acquired by Consultant in confidence
or in trust prior to its engagement by the Company, and Consultant will not disclose to the Company, or induce the Company to use, any
confidential or proprietary information or material belonging to others. Consultant agrees not to enter into any agreement, either written
or oral, in conflict with this Agreement. 

11.
 Independent Contractor. Consultant shall not be deemed to be an employee or agent of the Company for any purpose whatsoever. Consultant
shall have the sole and exclusive control over its employees, consultants or independent contractors who provide services to the Company,
and over the labor and employee relations policies and policies relating to wages, hours, working conditions or other conditions of its
employees, consultants or independent contractors. 

12.
 Non-Solicit. Consultant will not, during the term this Agreement and for one year thereafter, directly or indirectly (whether
as an owner, partner, shareholder, agent, officer, director, employee, independent contractor, consultant, or otherwise) with or through
any individual or entity: (i) employ, engage or solicit for employment any individual who is, or was at any time during the twelve-month
period immediately prior to the termination of this Agreement for any reason, an employee of the Company, or otherwise seek to adversely
influence or alter such individual s relationship with the Company; or (ii) solicit or encourage any individual or entity that
is, or was during the twelve-month period immediately prior to the termination of this Agreement for any reason, a customer or vendor
of the Company to terminate or otherwise alter his, her or its relationship with the Company or any of its affiliates. 

13.
 Equitable Remedies. In the event of a breach or threatened breach of the terms of this Agreement by Consultant, the parties hereto
acknowledge and agree that it would be difficult to measure the damage to the Company from such breach, that injury to the Company from
such breach would be impossible to calculate and that monetary damages would therefore be an inadequate remedy for any breach. Accordingly,
the Company, in addition to any and all other rights which may be available, shall have the right of specific performance, injunctive
relief and other appropriate equitable remedies to restrain any such breach or threatened breach without showing or proving any actual
damage to the Company. 

3 

14.
 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the internal laws of the State of
Nevada. In the event a judicial proceeding is necessary, the sole forum for resolving disputes arising under or relating to this Agreement
are the Municipal and Superior Courts for Clark County, Nevada or the Federal District Court in Clark County, Nevada and all related
appellate courts, and the parties hereby consent to the jurisdiction of such courts, and that venue shall be in Clark County, Nevada. 

15.
 Entire Agreement: Modifications and Amendments. The terms of this Agreement are intended by the parties as a final expression
of their agreement with respect-to such terms as are included in this Agreement and may not be contradicted by evidence of any prior
or contemporaneous agreement. The Schedules A and B referred to in this Agreement are incorporated into this Agreement by this reference.
This Agreement may not be modified, changed or supplemented, nor may any obligations hereunder be waived or extensions of time for performance
granted, except by written instrument signed by the parties or by their agents duly authorized in writing or as otherwise expressly permitted
herein. 

16.
 Attorney Fees. Should any party institute any action or proceeding to enforce this Agreement or any provision hereof, or for damages
by reason of any alleged breach of this Agreement or of any provision hereof, or for a declaration of rights hereunder, the prevailing
party in any such action or proceeding shall be entitled to receive from the other party all costs and expenses, including reasonable
attorneys fees, incurred by the prevailing party in connection with such action or proceeding. 

17.
 Prohibition of Assignment. This Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations hereunder may not be assigned or delegated by
Consultant without the prior written consent of the Company. Any assignment of rights or delegation of duties or obligations hereunder
made without such prior written consent shall be void and of no effect. 

18.
 Binding Effect: Successors and Assignment. This Agreement and the provisions hereof shall be binding upon each of the parties,
their successors and permitted assigns. 

19.
 Validity. This Agreement is intended to be valid and enforceable in accordance with its terms to the fullest extent permitted
by law. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent Jurisdiction, the invalidity
or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity or enforceability of all the remaining provisions hereof. 

4 

20.
 Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and, unless otherwise provided herein, shall be deemed
duly given if delivered personally or by telecopy or mailed by registered or certified mail (return receipt requested) or by Federal
Express or other similar courier service to the parties at the following addresses or (at such other address for the party as shall be
specified by like notice). Additionally, an email shall be sent with a copy of all written notices. 

(i)
If to the Company: 

 DigiPath
Labs, Inc. 

 6450
S. Cameron Street, #113 

 Las
Vegas, NV 89118 

 Phone:
(702) 209-2429 

 Fax:
(877) 833-4456 

 Attn:
Todd Peterson 

 Email:
Todd@digipath.com 

(ii)
If to the Consultant: 

Duck s
Nest Investments, Inc. 

 A.Stone
Douglass 

 1313
Torrey Pines Road 

 La
Jolla, CA 92037 

 Phone:
(858-583-1017 

 Email:
Stone@ducksnest.net 

Any
such notice, demand or other communication shall be deemed to have been given on the date personally delivered or as of the date mailed,
as the case may be. 

5 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Consulting, and Confidentiality Agreement as of the Effective Date written above. 

CONSULTANT 

By:
 
 /s/
 A.Stone Douglass 

Name: 
 A.Stone
Douglass 

Duck s
 Nest Investments, Inc. 

DigiPath
 Labs, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/
 Todd Denkin 

Name: 
 Todd
Denkin 

Title:
 
 President 

6 

Schedule
A 

TITLE,
DUTIES AND OPERATIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Title
 and Operational Responsibilities 

Consultant
 will have the title of Chief Financial Officer. 

Work with the financial
 staff. 

Interface with he outside
 accounting firm 

Interface with the auditors. 

Consultant
 shall report jointly to the President and in his absence the CEO. 

Consultant
 shall perform the duties as set forth above as well as other duties which shall be communicated separately from time to time. 

2. 
 SCHEDULE
 AND COMITTMENT OF TIME : 

Consultant
 is expected to devote a minimum of 15 hours per week. 

3. 
 REPORTING
 SCHEDULE : 

Consultant
 shall report regularly to the President his actions on behalf of the Company. 

4. 
 COMPENSATION
 AND PAYMENT TERMS: 

Consultant
 shall be paid 60,000 per year, which shall be paid at the end of every month, the first payment being due on September 30 th for
 the month ending September 2021.. 

5 
 EXPENSES: 

Company
 agrees to reimburse Consultant for other reasonably necessary travel expenses. However, should such expenses exceed 500 in any given
 calendar month; such expenses shall be pre-approved in advance by Company in order to qualify to reimbursement. An email authorization
 by an officer of Company shall be deemed a valid approval. 

7 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

DIGIPATH,
INC. 
 
CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 
RULE 13A-14(A) OR RULE 15D-14(A), 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
RULE 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Todd Denkin, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Digipath, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/
 Todd Denkin 

Todd Denkin 

President 

Dated: December 29, 2021 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

DIGIPATH,
INC. 
 
CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 
RULE 13A-14(A) OR RULE 15D-14(A), 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
RULE 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
A. Stone Douglass, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Digipath, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/
 A. Stone Douglass 

A. Stone Douglass 

Principal Financial Officer 

Dated: December 29, 2021 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

 DIGIPATH,
INC. 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Digipath, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Todd Denkin, President of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

/s/
 Todd Denkin 

Todd Denkin 
 
 Date: December 29, 2021 
 President 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

 DIGIPATH,
INC. 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Digipath, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, A. Stone Douglass, Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

/s/
 A. Stone Douglass 

A. Stone Douglass 
 
 Date: December 29, 2021 
 Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 digp-20210930.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 digp-20210930_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 digp-20210930_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 digp-20210930_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

