<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211129_10-K_edgar_data_1476765_0001476765-21-000176.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16417896</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1753390</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>251368</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>13806683</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001476765-21-000176.hdr.sgml : 20211129
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211129160850
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001476765-21-000176
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211129
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211129

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GOLUB CAPITAL BDC, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001476765
		IRS NUMBER:				471893276
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-00794
		FILM NUMBER:		211456228

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		25TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10166
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212.750.6060

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		25TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10166

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GOLUB CAPITAL INVESTMENT Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170511

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Golub Capital BDC, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100414

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Golub Capital BDC LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20091113

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001476765-21-000176.txt : 20211129

10-K
 1
 gbdcfy202110-k.htm
 10-K

Document 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 ______________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 Form 10-K 
 ______________________________________________________________________________________________________ (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 
 or 
 o TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to 
 ______________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 Commission file number 814-00794 
 GOLUB CAPITAL BDC, INC. 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) Delaware 27-2326940 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 200 Park Avenue, 25th Floor, New York, NY 10166 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 (212) 750-6060 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share GBDC The Nasdaq Global Select Market 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes o No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 Yes No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 Yes o No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of 
 1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 the Exchange Act. (Check one) Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer o 
 Non-accelerated filer o 
 Smaller reporting company o 
 Emerging growth company o 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934).Yes o No 
 The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on March 31, 2021 was approximately 2,290.9 million. For the purposes of calculating this amount only, all directors and executive officers of the registrant have been treated as affiliates. There were 170,028,584 shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding as of November 29, 2021. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Portions of the registrant s proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A in connection with the registrant s 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed subsequent to the date hereof, are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. Such proxy statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days following the end of the registrant s fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. 
 
 2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Part I. Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 41 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 84 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 84 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 84 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 84 
 Part II. Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 85 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 89 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 113 
 Item 8. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 114 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 257 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 257 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 257 
 Part III. Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 258 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 258 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 258 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 258 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 258 
 Part IV. Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 259 
 Signatures 
 264 

3 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 PART I 
 In this annual report on Form 10-K, except as otherwise indicated, the terms 
 we, us, our and Golub Capital BDC refer to Golub Capital BDC, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries 
 Holdings refers to Golub Capital BDC Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, or LLC, our direct subsidiary 
 GCIC Holdings refers to GCIC Holdings LLC, a Delaware LLC, our direct subsidiary 
 2014 Issuer refers to Golub Capital BDC CLO 2014 LLC, a Delaware LLC, our direct subsidiary 
 2018 Issuer refers to Golub Capital BDC CLO III LLC, a Delaware LLC, our indirect subsidiary 
 GCIC 2018 Issuer refers to GCIC CLO II LLC, a Delaware LLC, our indirect subsidiary 
 2020 Issuer refers to Golub Capital BDC CLO 4 LLC, a Delaware LLC, our indirect subsidiary 
 2018 CLO Depositor refers to Golub Capital BDC CLO III Depositor LLC, a Delaware LLC, our direct subsidiary 
 GCIC CLO Depositor refers to GCIC CLO II Depositor LLC, a Delaware LLC, our direct subsidiary 
 2020 CLO Depositor refers to Golub Capital BDC CLO 4 Depositor LLC, a Delaware LLC, our direct subsidiary 
 Controlling Class refers to the most senior class of notes then outstanding of the 2014 Issuer, 2018 Issuer, GCIC 2018 Issuer or the 2020 Issuer, as applicable 
 Funding II refers to Golub Capital BDC Funding II LLC, a Delaware LLC, our direct subsidiary 
 GCIC Funding refers to GCIC Funding LLC, a Delaware LLC, our direct subsidiary 
 GCIC Funding II refers to GCIC Funding II LLC, a Delaware LLC, our direct subsidiary 
 Funding Subsidiaries refers, collectively, to Funding II, prior to its termination on February 12, 2021, GCIC Funding, prior to its termination on October 9, 2020, GCIC Funding II, and each, a Funding Subsidiary 
 Merger Sub refers to Fifth Ave Subsidiary Inc., our wholly owned subsidiary 
 2024 Notes refers to the 400.0 million in aggregate principal amount of unsecured notes issued by Golub Capital BDC on October 2, 2020. The 2024 Notes bear interest at a rate of 3.375 per year payable semiannually in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year. The 2024 Notes mature on April 15, 2024. On October 15, 2021, Golub Capital BDC issued an additional 100.0 million in aggregate principal amount of unsecured notes, which have the same terms as the original issuance 
 2026 Notes refers to the 400.0 mi llion in aggregate principal amount of unsecured notes issued by Golub Capital BDC on February 24, 2021. The 2026 Notes bear interest at a rate of 2.500 per year payable semiannually in arrears on February 24 and August 24 of each year. The 2026 Notes mature on August 24, 2026. On October 13, 2021, Golub Capital BDC issued an additional 200.0 million in aggregate principal amount of unsecured notes, which have the same terms as the original issuance 
 2027 Notes refers to the 350.0 mi llion in aggregate principal amount of unsecured notes issued by Golub Capital BDC on August 3, 2021. The 2027 Notes bear interest at a rate of 2.050 per year payable semiannually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year. The 2027 Notes mature on February 15, 2027 
 Unsecured Notes refers, collectively, to the 2024 Notes, 2026 Notes and 2027 Notes 
 GCIC refers to Golub Capital Investment Corporation, a Maryland corporation that we acquired on September 16, 2019 pursuant to an agreement and plan of merger by and among us, GCIC, GC Advisors, and for certain limited purposes our Administrator, or, as amended, the Merger Agreement prior to such acquisition, which we refer to as the Merger, GCIC was an externally managed, closed-end, non-diversified management investment company that elected to be regulated as a business development 
 1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the 1940 Act, and whose investment adviser was GC Advisors 
 2014 Debt Securitization refers to the 402.6 million term debt securitization that we completed on June 5, 2014, as most recently amended on March 23, 2018 and redeemed on August 26, 2020, in which the 2014 Issuer issued an aggregate of 402.6 million of notes, or the 2014 Notes, including 191.0 million of Class A-1-R 2014 Notes, which bore interest at a rate of three-month LIBOR, plus 0.95 , 20.0 million of Class A-2-R 2014 Notes, which bore interest at a rate of three-month LIBOR plus 0.95 , 35.0 million of Class B-R 2014 Notes, which bore interest at a rate of three-month LIBOR plus 1.40 , 37.5 million of Class C-R 2014 Notes, which bore interest at a rate of three-month LIBOR plus 1.55 , and 119.1 million of membership interests that did not bear interest 
 2018 Debt Securitization refers to the 602.4 million term debt securitization that we completed on November 16, 2018, in which the 2018 Issuer issued an aggregate of 602.4 million of notes, or the 2018 Notes, including 327.0 million of Class A 2018 Notes, which bear interest at a rate of three-month LIBOR, plus 1.48 , 61.2 million of Class B 2018 Notes, which bear interest at a rate of three-month LIBOR plus 2.10 , 20.0 million of Class C-1 2018 Notes, which bear interest at a rate of three-month LIBOR plus 2.80 , 38.8 million of Class C-2 2018 Notes, which bear interest at a rate of three-month LIBOR plus 2.65 , 42.0 million of Class D 2018 Notes, which bear interest at a rate of three-month LIBOR plus 2.95 , and 113.4 million of Subordinated 2018 Notes that do not bear interest 
 GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization refers to the 908.2 million term debt securitization that we acquired as part of the Merger. On December 13, 2018, the GCIC 2018 Issuer issued an aggregate of 908.2 million of notes, or the GCIC 2018 Notes , including 490.0 million of AAA AAA Class A-1 GCIC 2018 Notes, which bear interest at a rate of three-month LIBOR plus 1.48 , 38.5 million of AAA Class A-2 GCIC 2018 Notes, which bore interest at a fixed rate of 4.67 , 18.0 million of AA Class B-1 GCIC 2018 Notes, which bear interest at a rate of three-month LIBOR plus 2.25 , 27.0 million of the Class B-2 GCIC 2018 Notes, which bear interest at a rate of three-month LIBOR plus 1.75 , 95.0 million of Class C GCIC 2018 Notes, which bear interest at a rate of three-month LIBOR plus 2.30 , 60.0 million of Class D GCIC 2018 Notes, which bear interest at a rate of three-month LIBOR plus 2.75 and 179.7 million of Subordinated GCIC 2018 Notes that do not bear interest. On December 21, 2020, the GCIC 2018 Issuer entered into a supplemental indenture (the GCIC Supplemental Indenture to amend the GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization. The GCIC Supplemental Ind enture amended the GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization to, among other things, (a) refinance the GCIC 2018 Notes by redeeming in full the 38.5 million of Class A-2 GCIC 2018 Notes and issuing new Class A-2-R GCIC 2018 Notes in an aggregate principal amount of 38.5 million that bear interest at a rate of 2.498 , which is a decrease from the rate of 4.665 of the former Class A-2 GCIC 2018 Notes and (b) provide for a non-call period, during which the Class A-2-R GCIC 2018 Notes cannot be redeemed, from December 21, 2020 to but excluding June 21, 2021. GCIC CLO II Depositor remains the sole owner of the equity of the GCIC 2018 Issuer. The other material terms of the GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization were unchanged 
 2020 Debt Securitization refers to the 330.4 million term debt securitization, of which 297.4 million was funded at closing, that we completed on August 26, 2020, and redeemed on August 26, 2021, in which the 2020 Issuer issued an aggregate of 330.4 million of notes, or the 2020 Notes, including 137.5 million of AAA Class A-1 2020 Notes, which bore interest at the three-month LIBOR plus 2.35 , 10.5 million of AAA Class A-2 2020 Notes, which bore interest at the three-month LIBOR plus 2.75 , 21.0 million of AA Class B 2020 Notes, which bore interest at the three-month LIBOR plus 3.20 , up to 33.0 million A Class C 2020 Notes, which remained unfunded upon closing and upon redemption and approximately 108.4 million of Subordinated 2020 Notes, which did not bear interest. As part of the 2020 Debt Securitization, we also entered into a credit agreement upon closing pursuant to which various financial institutions and other persons, which were parties thereto as lenders, committed to make 20.0 million of AAA Class A-1-L loans to the Company, or the 2020 Loans , which bore interest at the three-month LIBOR plus 2.35 and were fully drawn upon closing of the transactions 
 Debt Securitizations refers collectively to the 2014 Debt Securitization, the 2018 Debt Securitization, the GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization and the 2020 Debt Securitization and each, a Debt Securitization 
 SLF refers to Senior Loan Fund LLC, a Delaware LLC, which became our direct subsidiary as of January 1, 2020. Prior to January 1, 2020, SLF was an unconsolidated subsidiary, in which we co-invested 
 2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 with RGA Reinsurance Company, or RGA, primarily in senior secured loans. SLF was capitalized as transactions were completed and all portfolio and investment decisions in respect of SLF were approved by representatives of each of the members (with unanimous approval required from either (i) one representative of each of us and RGA or (ii) both representatives of each of us and RGA). Prior to January 1, 2020, we owned 87.5 of the LLC equity interests of SLF 
 GCIC SLF refers to GCIC Senior Loan Fund LLC, a Delaware LLC, which became our direct subsidiary as of January 1, 2020. Prior to January 1, 2020, GCIC SLF was an unconsolidated subsidiary, that we acquired as part of the Merger, in which we co-invested with Aurora National Life Assurance Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of RGA, or Aurora, primarily in senior secured loans of middle-market companies. GCIC SLF was capitalized as transactions were completed and all portfolio and investment decisions in respect of GCIC SLF were approved by the GCIC SLF investment committee, which consisted of two representatives of each of the members (with unanimous approval required from either (i) one representative of each of us and Aurora or (ii) both representatives of each of us and Aurora). Prior to January 1, 2020, we owned 87.5 of the LLC equity interests of GCIC SLF 
 Senior Loan Funds refers collectively to SLF and GCIC SLF, and each a Senior Loan Fund 
 WF Credit Facility refers to the senior secured revolving credit facility that GCIC Funding originally entered into on October 10, 2014 and terminated on February 12, 2021, with Wells Fargo Securities, LLC as administrative agent, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as lender, that, as of the date of its termination, allowed for borrowing up to 300.0 million, bore interest at a rate of one-month LIBOR plus 2.00 per annum and would have matured on March 21, 2024 
 DB Credit Facility refers to the senior secured revolving credit facility that GCIC Funding II entered into on December 31, 2018 and terminated on October 9, 2020, with GCIC, as equityholder and as servicer, Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, as facility agent, the other agents parties thereto, each of the entities from time to time party thereto as securitization subsidiaries and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as collateral agent and as collateral custodian, that as of the date of its termination, allowed for borrowing up to 250.0 million and bore interest at a rate of the applicable base rate plus 1.90 per annum through the reinvestment period, which would have continued through December 31, 2021. The base rate under the DB Credit Facility was (i) the three-month Canadian Dollar Offered Rate with respect to any advances denominated in Canadian dollars, (ii) the three-month EURIBOR with respect to any advances denominated in euros, (iii) the three-month Bank Bill Swap Rate with respect to any advances denominated in Australian dollars and (iv) the three-month LIBOR with respect to any other advances. The DB Credit Facility would have matured on December 31, 2024 
 JPM Credit Facility refers to the senior secured revolving credit facility that we entered into on February 11, 2021 with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the bank participants acting as lenders that allows for borrowing in an initial aggregate amount of up to 475.0 million as of September 30, 2021 in U.S. dollars and certain agreed upon foreign currencies. The interest rate on the borrowings under the facility ranges from one-month LIBOR plus 1.75 to one-month LIBOR plus 1.875 , through the maturity date of February 11, 2026 
 MS Credit Facility II refers to our senior secured revolving credit facility that Golub Capital BDC Funding II, LLC, a Delaware LLC and our direct subsidiary, entered into on February 1, 2019, with Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as the administrative agent, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto, each of the securitization subsidiaries from time to time party thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as collateral agent, account bank and collateral custodian, as most recently amended on July 30, 2021, that allowed for borrowing up to 75.0 million as of September 30, 2021 and bears interest at the applicable base rate plus 2.45 per annum through the revolving period, which ends April 21, 2024, and bears interest at the applicable base rate plus 2.95 following the revolving period through the stated maturity date of April 12, 2026 
 Revolving Credit Facilities refers collectively to, prior to its termination on February 12, 2021, the WF Credit Facility prior to its termination on October 9, 2020, the DB Credit Facility the JPM Credit Facility and the MS Credit Facility II, and each a Revolving Credit Facility 
 Initial Merger refers to the merger, on September 16, 2019, of Merger Sub with and into GCIC, with GCIC as the surviving company 
 3 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Subsequent Merger refers to the merger that occurred immediately after the Initial Merger on September 16, 2019 of GCIC, as the surviving company of the Initial Merger, with and into, with Golub Capital BDC, Inc., as the surviving company 
 Merger refers to the Initial Merger, together with, unless the context otherwise requires, the Subsequent Merger 
 Merger Agreement refers to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated November 27, 2018, by and among us, Merger Sub, GCIC, GC Advisors, and, for certain limited purposes, the Administrator, as amended by the First Amendment to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated December 21, 2018, by and among us, Merger Sub, GCIC, GC Advisors, and the Administrator and the Second Amendment to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated July 11, 2019, by and among us, Merger Sub, GCIC, GC Advisors, and the Administrator 
 Adviser Revolver refers to the line of credit with GC Advisors, which was most recently amended on October 28, 2019, and which allowed for borrowing up to 100.0 million as of September 30, 2021 
 SBIC Funds refers collectively to our consolidated subsidiaries, GC SBIC IV, L.P.,GC SBIC V, L.P. and GC SBIC VI, L.P. 
 GC Advisors refers to GC Advisors LLC, a Delaware LLC, our investment adviser 
 Administrator refers to Golub Capital LLC, a Delaware LLC, an affiliate of GC Advisors and our administrator 
 Investment Advisory Agreement refers to the Third Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement by and between us and GC Advisors, dated as of September 16, 2019 
 Prior Investment Advisory Agreement refers to the Second Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement by and between us and GC Advisors, dated as of August 4, 2014 and 
 Golub Capital refers, collectively, to the activities and operations of Golub Capital LLC (formerly Golub Capital Management LLC), which entity employs all of Golub Capital s investment professionals, GC Advisors and associated investment funds and their respective affiliates. 

4 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Item 1. Business 

GENERAL 
 We are an externally managed, closed-end, non-diversified management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company under the 1940 Act. In addition, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we have elected to be treated as a regulated investment company, or RIC, under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code. We were formed in November 2009 to continue and expand the business of our predecessor, Golub Capital Master Funding LLC, which commenced operations in July 2007. We make investments primarily in one stop (a loan that combines characteristics of traditional first lien senior secured loans and second lien or subordinated loans and that are often referred to by other middle market lenders as unitranche loans) and other senior secured loans of U.S. middle-market companies that are, in most cases, sponsored by private equity firms. GC Advisors structures these one stop loans as senior secured loans, and we obtain security interests in the assets of the portfolio company that serve as collateral in support of the repayment of these loans. This collateral often takes the form of first-priority liens on the assets of the portfolio company. In many cases, we are the sole lender or we, together with our affiliates, are the sole lenders of one stop loans, which can afford us additional influence over the borrower in terms of monitoring and, if necessary, remediating any underperformance. 
 In this annual report on Form 10-K, the term middle-market generally refers to companies having earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, of less than 100.0 million annually. 
 Our investment objective is to generate current income and capital appreciation by investing primarily in senior secured and one stop loans of U.S. middle-market companies. We also selectively invest in second lien and subordinated (a loan that ranks senior only to a borrower's equity securities and ranks junior to all of such borrower's other indebtedness in priority of payment) loans of, and warrants and minority equity securities in, middle-market companies. We intend to achieve our investment objective by (1) accessing the established loan origination channels developed by Golub Capital, a leading lender to middle-market companies that had over 40.0 billion of capital under management as of September 30, 2021, (2) selecting investments within our core middle-market company focus, (3) partnering with experienced private equity firms, or sponsors, in many cases with whom Golub Capital has invested alongside in the past, (4) implementing the disciplined underwriting standards of Golub Capital and (5) drawing upon the aggregate experience and resources of Golub Capital. 
 We seek to create a portfolio that includes primarily senior secured and one stop loans by primarily investing approximately 10.0 million to 75.0 million of capital, on average, in the securities of middle-market companies. We expect to selectively invest more than 75.0 million in some of our portfolio companies and generally expect that the size of our individual investments will vary proportionately with the size of our capital base. 
 We generally invest in securities that have been rated below investment grade by independent rating agencies or that would be rated below investment grade if they were rated. These securities, which are often referred to as junk, have predominantly speculative characteristics with respect to the issuer s capacity to pay interest and repay principal. In addition, many of our debt investments have floating interest rates that reset on a periodic basis and typically do not fully pay down principal prior to maturity, which could increase our risk of losing part or all of our investment. 
 GCIC Acquisition 
 On September 16, 2019, we completed our acquisition of GCIC, pursuant to the Merger Agreement. As a result of, and as of the effective time of, the Merger, GCIC s separate existence ceased. 
 In accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger, each outstanding share of GCIC s common stock was converted into the right to receive 0.865 shares of our common stock (with GCIC s stockholders receiving cash in lieu of fractional shares of our common stock). As a result of the Merger, we issued an aggregate of 71,779,964 shares of our common stock to former stockholders of GCIC. Upon the consummation of the Merger, we entered into the Investment Advisory Agreement, with GC Advisors, which replaced the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement. 
 
 Rights Offering 
 
 On May 15, 2020, we completed a transferable rights offering and issued a total of 33,451,902 shares of our 
 5 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 common stock. We issued to stockholders of record on April 8, 2020 one transferable right for each four shares of our common stock held on the record date. Each holder of rights was entitled to subscribe for one share of common stock for every right held at a subscription price of 9.17 per share. Net proceeds after deducting the dealer manager fees and other offering expenses were approximately 300.4 million. 3,191,448 shares of common stock were purchased in the rights offering by affiliates of GC Advisors. 
 
 Information Available 
 Our address is 200 Park Avenue, 25th Floor, New York, NY 10166. Our phone number is (212) 750-6060, and our internet address is www.golubcapitalbdc.com . We make available, free of charge, on our website our proxy statement, annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this annual report on Form 10-K and you should not consider information contained on our website to be part of this annual report on Form 10-K or any other report we file with the SEC. 
 The SEC also maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information we file with the SEC at www.sec.gov . Copies of these reports, proxy and information statements and other information may also be obtained, after paying a duplicating fee, by electronic request at publicinfo sec.gov. 
 Our Adviser 
 Our investment activities are managed by our investment adviser, GC Advisors. GC Advisors is responsible for sourcing potential investments, conducting research and due diligence on prospective investments and equity sponsors, analyzing investment opportunities, structuring our investments and monitoring our investments and portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. GC Advisors was organized in September 2008 and is a registered investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, or the Advisers Act. Under our amended and restated investment advisory agreement, or the Investment Advisory Agreement, with GC Advisors, we pay GC Advisors a base management fee and an incentive fee for its services. See Business Management Agreements Management Fee for a discussion of the base management fee and incentive fee, including the cumulative income incentive fee and the income and capital gains incentive fee, payable by us to GC Advisors. Unlike most closed-end funds whose fees are based on assets net of leverage, our base management fee is based on our average-adjusted gross assets (including leverage but adjusted to exclude cash and cash equivalents so that investors do not pay the base management fee on such assets) and, therefore, GC Advisors benefits when we incur debt or use leverage. For purposes of the Investment Advisory Agreement, cash equivalents means U.S. government securities and commercial paper instruments maturing within 270 days of purchase. Additionally, under the incentive fee structure, GC Advisors benefits when capital gains are recognized and, because it determines when a holding is sold, GC Advisors controls the timing of the recognition of capital gains. Our board of directors is charged with protecting our interests by monitoring how GC Advisors addresses these and other conflicts of interest associated with its management services and compensation. While not expected to review or approve each borrowing, our independent directors periodically review GC Advisors services and fees as well as its portfolio management decisions and portfolio performance. In connection with these reviews, our independent directors consider whether our fees and expenses (including those related to leverage) remain appropriate. See Business Management Agreements Board Approval of the Investment Advisory Agreement. 
 GC Advisors is an affiliate of Golub Capital and pursuant to a staffing agreement, or the Staffing Agreement, Golub Capital LLC makes experienced investment professionals available to GC Advisors and provides access to the senior investment personnel of Golub Capital LLC and its affiliates. The Staffing Agreement provides GC Advisors with access to deal flow generated by Golub Capital LLC and its affiliates in the ordinary course of their businesses and commits the members of GC Advisors investment committee to serve in that capacity. As our investment adviser, GC Advisors is obligated to allocate investment opportunities among us and its other clients fairly and equitably over time in accordance with its allocation policy. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Related Party Transactions. However, there can be no assurance that such opportunities will be allocated to us fairly or equitably in the short-term or over time. GC Advisors seeks to capitalize on the significant deal origination, credit underwriting, due diligence, investment structuring, execution, portfolio management and monitoring experience of Golub Capital LLC s investment professionals. 
 Our Administrator 
 6 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Golub Capital LLC, our Administrator and an affiliate of GC Advisors, provides the administrative services necessary for us to operate. See Business Management Agreements Administration Agreement for a discussion of the fees and expenses (subject to the review and approval of our independent directors) we are required to reimburse to the Administrator. 
 
 About Golub Capital 
 Golub Capital, founded in 1994, is a leading lender to middle-market companies, with a long track record of investing in senior secured, one stop, second lien and subordinated loans. As of September 30, 2021, Golub Capital had over 40.0 billion of capital under management. Since its inception, Golub Capital has closed deals with over 340 middle-market sponsors and repeat transactions with over 230 sponsors. 
 Golub Capital s middle-market lending group is managed by an eight-member senior management team consisting of Lawrence E. Golub, David B. Golub, Andrew H. Steuerman, Gregory W. Cashman, Spyro G. Alexopoulos, Marc C. Robinson, Robert G. Tuchscherer and Jason J. Van Dussen. As of September 30, 2021, Golub Capital had more than 150 investment professionals supported by more than 440 administrative and back office personnel that focus on operations, finance, legal and compliance, accounting and reporting, marketing, information technology and office management. 
 
 Market Trends 
 We have identified the following trends that may affect our business 
 Target Market. We believe that small and middle market companies in the United States with annual revenues between 10 million and 2.5 billion represent a significant growth segment of the U.S. economy and often require substantial capital investments to grow. Middle market companies have generated a significant number of investment opportunities for investment funds managed or advised by Golub Capital, and we believe that this market segment will continue to produce significant investment opportunities for us. We continue to focus our portfolio on borrowers in what we believe are recession resistant industries that are insulated from the effects of COVID-19. 
 
 Specialized Lending Requirements . We believe that several factors render many U.S. financial institutions ill-suited to lend to U.S. middle market companies. For example, based on the experience of our management team, lending to U.S. middle market companies (1) is generally more labor intensive than lending to larger companies due to the smaller size of each investment and the fragmented nature of information for such companies, (2) requires due diligence and underwriting practices consistent with the demands and economic limitations of the middle market and (3) also requires more extensive ongoing monitoring by the lender. 
 
 Demand for Debt Capital . We believe there is a large pool of committed but uninvested private equity capital for middle market companies. We expect private equity firms will seek to leverage their investments by combining equity capital with senior secured loans and subordinated debt from other sources, such as us. 
 
 Competition from Bank Lenders. We believe that many traditional bank lenders to middle market businesses have either exited or de-emphasized their service and product offerings in the middle market. These traditional lenders have instead focused on lending and providing other services to large corporate clients. We believe this has resulted in fewer key players and the reduced availability of debt capital to the companies we target. 
 
 Market Environment We believe middle market investments are likely to excel in uncertain market environments such as the current market environment following the COVID-19 outbreak that began in December 2019, and that these investments have historically generated premium yields with more desirable structures for lenders as compared to large corporate loans. (1) In addition, we believe the recent credit market dislocation will accelerate the market share shift toward well-positioned larger platforms. On the other hand, we believe that there has been increased competition for direct lending to middle market businesses, which would be expected to result in less favorable pricing terms for our potential investments. If we match our competitors pricing, terms and structure, we would expect to experience decreased net interest income, lower yields and increased risk of credit loss. However, we believe that Golub Capital s scale, product suite, entrenched relationships and strong market position will continue to allow us to find investment opportunities with attractive risk-adjusted returns. 
 
 (1) Standard & Poor s LCD Middle Market Review Q2 2020 New-issue first-lien yield-to-maturity. Middle Market loans have, on average, generated higher yields in comparison to large corporate loans based on data starting in January 2000. 
 
 7 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Competitive Strengths 
 
 Deep, Experienced Management Team . We are managed by GC Advisors, which has access through the Staffing Agreement to the resources and expertise of Golub Capital s more than 570 employees, led by our chairman, Lawrence E. Golub, and our chief executive officer, David B. Golub. As of September 30, 2021, Golub Capital s more than 150 investment professionals had an average of over 13 years of investment experience and were supported by more than 420 administrative and back office personnel that focus on operations, finance, legal and compliance, accounting and reporting, marketing, information technology and office management. GC Advisors also manages Golub Capital BDC 3, Inc., a Maryland corporation, or GBDC 3, and Golub Capital Direct Lending Corporation, a Maryland corporation, or GDLC, each of which has elected to be regulated as a business development company and, in the case of GBDC, whose shares of common stock are publicly traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. Golub Capital seeks to hire and retain high-quality investment professionals and reward those personnel based on investor returns. 
 
 Leading U.S. Debt Platform Provides Access to Proprietary Relationship-Based Deal Flow . GC Advisors gives us access to the deal flow of Golub Capital, one of the leading middle-market lenders in the United States. Golub Capital has been a top 3 Traditional Middle Market Bookrunner each year from 2008 through Q2 2021 for senior secured loans of up to 500.0 million for leveraged buyouts based on number of deals completed according to Thomson Reuters LPC and internal data. We believe this market position makes Golub Capital the first choice lender to many sponsors. Since its inception, Golub Capital has closed deals with over 340 middle-market sponsors and repeat transactions with over 230 sponsors. We believe that Golub Capital receives relationship-based early looks and last looks at many investment opportunities in the U.S. middle-market market, allowing it to be highly selective in the transactions it pursues. 
 
 Disciplined Investment and Underwriting Process . GC Advisors utilizes the established investment process of Golub Capital for reviewing lending opportunities, structuring transactions and monitoring investments. Using its disciplined approach to lending, GC Advisors seeks to minimize credit losses through effective underwriting, comprehensive due diligence investigations, structuring and the implementation of restrictive debt covenants. We expect that GC Advisors will continue to select borrowers whose businesses will retain significant value, even in a depressed market or a distressed sale. GC Advisors intends to reduce risk further by focusing on repeat transactions with proven, successful sponsors. While emphasizing thorough credit analysis, GC Advisors intends to maintain strong relationships with sponsors by offering rapid initial feedback from senior investment professionals on each investment opportunity. 
 
 Regimented Credit Monitoring . Following each investment, GC Advisors implements a regimented credit monitoring system. This careful approach, which involves ongoing review and analysis by teams of professionals, has enabled GC Advisors to identify problems early and to assist borrowers before they face difficult liquidity constraints. If necessary, GC Advisors can assume the role of deal sponsor in a work-out situation and has extensive restructuring experience, both in and out of bankruptcy. GC Advisors believes in the need to prepare for possible negative contingencies in order to address them promptly should they arise. 
 
 Concentrated Middle-Market Focus . Because of our focus on the middle-market, we understand the following general characteristics of middle-market lending 
 
 middle-market companies are generally less leveraged than large companies and, we believe, offer more attractive investment returns in the form of upfront fees, prepayment penalties and higher interest rates 
 
 middle-market issuers are more likely to have simple capital structures 
 
 carefully structured covenant packages enable middle-market lenders to take early action to remediate poor financial performance and 
 
 middle-market lenders can undertake thorough due diligence investigations prior to investment. 

8 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Investment Criteria Guidelines 
 Our investment objective is to generate current income and capital appreciation by investing primarily in senior secured and one stop loans to U.S. middle market companies in industries we believe are resistant to recessions. We seek to generate strong risk-adjusted net returns by assembling a portfolio of investments across a broad range of industries and private equity investors. 
 We primarily target U.S. middle-market companies controlled by private equity investors that require capital for growth, acquisitions, recapitalizations, refinancings and leveraged buyouts. We seek to have a portfolio of first-lien, senior secured loans to borrowers believed to be insulated from the effects of the novel coronavirus, or COVID-19, pandemic in recession-resistant industries. We also make opportunistic loans to independently owned and publicly held middle-market companies. We seek to partner with strong management teams executing long-term growth strategies. Target businesses will typically exhibit some or all of the following characteristics 
 
 annual EBITDA of less than 100.0 million 
 sustainable leading positions in their respective markets 
 scalable revenues and operating cash flow 
 experienced management teams with successful track records 
 insulation from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic 
 stable, predictable cash flows with low technology and market risks 
 a substantial equity cushion in the form of capital ranking junior to our investment provided by a middle market private equity sponsor 
 low capital expenditures requirements 
 a North American base of operations 
 strong customer relationships 
 products, services or distribution channels having distinctive competitive advantages 
 defensible niche strategy or other barriers to entry and 
 demonstrated growth strategies. 
 While we believe that the criteria listed above are important in identifying and investing in prospective portfolio companies, not all of these criteria will be met by each prospective portfolio company. 
 Investment Process Overview 
 We view our investment process as consisting of four distinct phases described below 
 Origination. GC Advisors sources investment opportunities through access to a network of over 10,000 individual contacts developed in the financial services and related industries by Golub Capital and managed through a proprietary customer relationship database. Among these contacts is an extensive network of private equity firms and relationships with leading middle-market senior lenders. The senior deal professionals of Golub Capital supplement these leads through personal visits and marketing campaigns. It is their responsibility to identify specific opportunities, to refine opportunities through candid exploration of the underlying facts and circumstances and to apply creative and flexible thinking to solve clients financing needs. The investment professionals of Golub Capital have a long and successful track record investing in companies across many industry sectors. Collectively, these investment professionals have completed investments in over 1,900 companies at Golub Capital. Golub Capital s investments have been made in the following industries, among others healthcare, restaurant and retail, software, digital and technology services, specialty manufacturing, business services, consumer products and services, food and beverages, aerospace and defense and value-added distribution. 
 
 Golub Capital has principal lending offices in Chicago, New York, London and San Francisco. Each of Golub Capital's originators maintains long-standing customer relationships and is responsible for covering a specified target market. We believe those originators strength and breadth of relationships across a wide range of markets generate numerous financing opportunities, which we believe enables GC Advisors to be highly selective in recommending investments to us. 
 Underwriting. We utilize the systematic, consistent approach to underwriting developed by Golub Capital, with a particular focus on determining the value of a business in a downside scenario. The key criteria that we consider include (1) strong and resilient underlying business fundamentals, (2) a substantial equity cushion in the form of 
 9 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 capital ranking junior in right of payment to our investment and (3) a conclusion that overall downside risk is manageable. While the size of this equity cushion will vary over time and across industries, the equity cushion generally sought by GC Advisors today is between 35 and 45 of total portfolio capitalization. We generally focus on the criteria developed by Golub Capital for evaluating prospective portfolio companies, which uses a combination of analyses, including (1) fundamental analysis of a business s financial statements, health, management, competitive advantages, competitors and markets (2) analysis of opportunities in a given market based upon fluctuations due to seasonal, financial and economic factors (3) quantitative analysis of the relative risk-return characteristics of investments and a comparison of yields between asset classes and other indicators and (4) analysis of proprietary and secondary models. In evaluating a particular company, we put more emphasis on credit considerations (such as (1) loan-to-value ratio (which is the amount of our loan divided by the enterprise value of the company in which we are investing), (2) the ability of the company to maintain a liquidity cushion through economic cycles and in downside scenarios, (3) the ability of the company to service its fixed charge obligations under a variety of scenarios and (4) its anticipated strategic value in a downturn) than on profit potential and loan pricing. Based upon a combination of bottom-up analysis of the individual investment and GC Advisors expectations of future market conditions, GC Advisors seeks to assess the relative risk and reward for each investment. GC Advisors seeks to mitigate the risks of a single company or single industry through portfolio diversification. GC Advisors also considers environmental, social and governance considerations in the investment decision-making process, in accordance with its ESG policy, including analysis of the likelihood of material ESG-related risk based on the industry and industry subsector of the potential portfolio company, with further diligence and analysis based on this categorization as well as other factors identified during diligence. Golub Capital s due diligence process for middle market credits will typically entail 
 
 a thorough review of historical and pro forma financial information 
 on-site visits 
 interviews with management and employees 
 a review of loan documents and material contracts 
 third-party quality of earnings accounting due diligence 
 when appropriate, background checks on key managers and research relating to the company s business, industry, markets, customers, suppliers, products and services and competitors and 
 the commission of third-party market studies when appropriate. 

The following chart illustrates the stages of Golub Capital s evaluation and underwriting process 
 ILLUSTRATIVE DEAL EVALUATION PROCESS 
 
 Execution. In executing transactions for us, GC Advisors utilizes the due diligence process developed by Golub Capital. Through a consistent approach to underwriting and careful attention to the details of execution, Golub Capital seeks to maintain discipline with respect to credit, pricing, and structure to ensure the ultimate success of the financing. Upon completion of due diligence, the investment team working on an investment delivers a final memorandum to GC Advisors investment committee. Once an investment has been approved by the investment committee, it moves through a series of steps generally, including initial documentation using standard document 
 10 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 templates, final documentation, including resolution of business points and the execution of original documents held in escrow. Upon completion of final documentation, a loan is funded upon the execution of an investment committee memorandum by members of GC Advisors investment committee. 
 
 Monitoring. We view active portfolio monitoring as a vital part of our investment process. We consider board observation rights, where appropriate, regular dialogue with company management and sponsors and detailed, internally generated monitoring reports to be critical to our performance. Golub Capital has developed a monitoring template that is designed to reasonably ensure compliance with these standards. This template is used by GC Advisors as a tool to assess investment performance relative to our plan. In addition, our portfolio companies often rely on GC Advisors to provide them with financial and capital markets expertise. 
 As part of the monitoring process, GC Advisors regularly assesses the risk profile of each of our investments and rates each of them based on an internal system developed by Golub Capital and its affiliates. This system is not generally accepted in our industry or used by our competitors. It is based on the following categories, which we refer to as GC Advisors internal performance ratings Internal Performance Ratings Rating Definition 5 Involves the least amount of risk in our portfolio. The borrower is performing above expectations, and the trends and risk factors are generally favorable. 4 Involves an acceptable level of risk that is similar to the risk at the time of origination. The borrower is generally performing as expected, and the risk factors are neutral to favorable. 3 Involves a borrower performing below expectations and indicates that the loan s risk has increased somewhat since origination. The borrower could be out of compliance with debt covenants however, loan payments are generally not past due. 2 Involves a borrower performing materially below expectations and indicates that the loan s risk has increased materially since origination. In addition to the borrower being generally out of compliance with debt covenants, loan payments could be past due (but generally not more than 180 days past due). 1 Involves a borrower performing substantially below expectations and indicates that the loan s risk has substantially increased since origination. Most or all of the debt covenants are out of compliance and payments are substantially delinquent. Loans rated 1 are not anticipated to be repaid in full and we will reduce the fair market value of the loan to the amount we anticipate will be recovered. 
 Our internal performance ratings do not constitute any rating of investments by a nationally recognized statistical rating organization or represent or reflect any third-party assessment of any of our investments. 
 For any investment rated 1, 2 or 3, GC Advisors increases its monitoring intensity and prepares regular updates for the investment committee, summarizing current operating results and material impending events and suggesting recommended actions. 
 GC Advisors monitors and, when appropriate, changes the internal performance ratings assigned to each investment in our portfolio. In connection with our valuation process, GC Advisors and our board of directors review these internal performance ratings on a quarterly basis. 
 The following table shows the distribution of our investments on the 1 to 5 internal performance rating scale at fair value as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 Internal Performance Rating Investments at Fair Value (In thousands) Percentage of Total Investments Investments at Fair Value (In thousands) Percentage of Total Investments 5 499,241 10.2 257,409 6.1 4 3,951,870 80.7 3,085,610 72.8 3 395,208 8.1 836,560 19.7 2 47,836 1.0 57,754 1.4 1 731 0.0 877 0.0 Total 4,894,886 100.0 4,238,210 100.0 
 Represents an amount less than 0.1 . 
 11 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Investment Committee 
 The purpose of GC Advisors investment committee, which is comprised of officers of GC Advisors, is to evaluate and approve all of our investments, subject to the oversight of our board of directors. The investment committee process is intended to bring the diverse experience and perspectives of the committee s members to the analysis and consideration of each investment. The investment committee currently consists of Lawrence E. Golub, David B. Golub, Andrew H. Steuerman, Gregory W. Cashman, Spyro G. Alexopoulos, Marc C. Robinson, Robert G. Tuchscherer and Jason J. Van Dussen. The investment committee serves to provide investment consistency and adherence to our core investment philosophy and policies. The investment committee also determines appropriate investment sizing and suggests ongoing monitoring requirements. 
 
 In addition to reviewing investments, investment committee meetings serve as a forum to discuss credit views and outlooks. Potential transactions and deal flow are reviewed on a regular basis. Members of the investment team are encouraged to share information and credit views with the investment committee early in their analysis. We believe this process improves the quality of the analysis and assists the deal team members to work more efficiently. 
 Each transaction is presented to the investment committee in a formal written report. Each investment opportunity generally receives the unanimous approval of the investment committee. Each member of the investment committee performs a similar role for other investment funds, accounts or other investment vehicles, collectively referred to as accounts, sponsored or managed by Golub Capital and its affiliates. 
 Investment Structure 
 Once GC Advisors determines that a prospective portfolio company is suitable for investment, GC Advisors typically works with the private equity sponsor, if applicable, the management of that company and its other capital providers to structure our investment. GC Advisors negotiates with these parties to agree on how our investment should be structured relative to other capital in the portfolio company s capital structure. 
 GC Advisors structures our investments, which typically have maturities of three to seven years, as follows 
 Senior Secured Loans. GC Advisors structures investments in senior secured loans, where we obtain security interests in the assets of the portfolio company that serve as collateral in support of the repayment of such loans. This collateral often takes the form of first-priority liens on the assets of the portfolio company. Our senior secured loans often provide for moderate loan amortization in the early years of the loan, with the majority of the amortization deferred until loan maturity. Our senior secured loans may include a payment in kind, or PIK, feature. 
 
 One Stop Loans. GC Advisors structures our one stop loans as senior secured loans. A one stop loan is a single loan that blends the characteristics of traditional senior debt and traditional junior debt. The structure generally combines the stronger lender protections associated with first lien senior secured debt with the superior economics of junior capital. We obtain security interests in the assets of the portfolio company that serve as collateral in support of the repayment of these loans. This collateral often takes the form of first-priority liens on the assets of the portfolio company. In some cases, one stop loans are provided to borrowers experiencing high revenue growth supported by a high level of discretionary expenditures. As part of the underwriting of such loans and consistent with industry practice, we adjust our characterization of the earnings of such borrowers for a reduction or elimination of such discretionary expenses if appropriate. One stop loans typically provide for moderate loan amortization in the initial years of the facility, with the majority of the amortization deferred until loan maturity. Our one stop loans may include a PIK feature. One stop loans generally allow the borrower to make a large lump sum payment of principal at the end of the loan term and there is a risk of loss if the borrower is unable to pay the lump sum or refinance the amount owed at maturity. In many cases, we are the sole lender or we, together with our affiliates, are the sole lenders of a one stop loan, which can afford us additional influence over the borrower in terms of monitoring and, if necessary, remediating any underperformance. 
 One stop loans include loans to technology companies undergoing strong growth due to new services, increased adoption and or entry into new markets. We refer to loans to these companies as late stage lending loans. Other targeted characteristics of late stage lending businesses include strong customer revenue retention rates, a diversified customer base and backing from growth equity or venture capital firms. In some cases, the borrower s high revenue growth is supported by a high level of discretionary spending. As part of the underwriting of such loans and consistent with industry practice, we adjust our characterization of the earnings of such borrowers for a reduction or elimination of such discretionary expenses, if appropriate. 
 12 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Second Lien Loans. GC Advisors structures these investments as subordinated, secured loans for which our claims on the related collateral are subordinated. We obtain security interests in the assets of the portfolio company that serve as collateral in support of the repayment of such loans. This collateral typically takes the form of second priority liens on the assets of a portfolio company. Second lien loans typically provide for minimal loan amortization in the initial years of the facility, with the majority of the amortization deferred until loan maturity. 
 
 Subordinated Loans. GC Advisors structures these investments as unsecured, subordinated loans that provide for relatively high, fixed interest rates and provide us with significant current interest income. These loans typically have interest-only payments (often representing a combination of cash pay and PIK interest) in the early years, with all or the majority of amortization of principal deferred until loan maturity. Subordinated loans generally allow the borrower to make a large lump sum payment of principal at the end of the loan term, and there is a risk of loss if the borrower is unable to pay the lump sum or refinance the amount owed at maturity. 
 
 Second lien loans and subordinated loans are generally more volatile than first lien, senior secured loans and involve a greater risk of loss of principal. In addition, the PIK feature of many subordinated loans, which effectively operates as negative amortization of loan principal, increases credit risk exposure over the life of the loan. Subordinated loans are more likely to include a PIK feature. 
 Equity Investments. GC Advisors structures these investments as direct or indirect minority equity co-investments in a portfolio company, usually on terms similar to the controlling private equity sponsor and in connection with our loan to such portfolio company. As a result, if a portfolio company appreciates in value, we can achieve additional investment return from these equity co-investments. GC Advisors can structure these equity co-investments to include provisions protecting our rights as a minority-interest holder, which could include a put, or right to sell such securities back to the issuer, upon the occurrence of specified events or demand and piggyback registration rights. However, because these equity co-investments will typically be in private companies, there is no guarantee that we, as a minority-interest holder, will control the timing or value of our realization of any gains on such investments. Our equity co-investments will typically include customary tagalong or drag-along rights that will permit or require us to participate in a sale of such equity co-investments at such time as the majority owners, not GC Advisors, determine. 
 GC Advisors tailors the terms of each investment to the facts and circumstances of the transaction and the prospective portfolio company, negotiating a structure that protects our rights and manages our risk while creating incentives for the portfolio company to achieve its business plan and improve its operating results. GC Advisors seeks to limit the downside potential of our investments by 
 selecting investments that we believe have a very low probability of loss 
 requiring a total return on our investments that we believe will compensate us appropriately for credit risk and 
 negotiating covenants in connection with our investments that afford our portfolio companies as much flexibility in managing their businesses as possible, consistent with the preservation of our capital. Such restrictions could include affirmative and negative covenants, default penalties, lien protection, change of control provisions and board rights. 
 We expect to hold most of our investments to maturity or repayment, but we may sell some of our investments earlier if a liquidity event occurs, such as a sale, recapitalization or worsening of the credit quality of the portfolio company. 
 13 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Investments 
 We seek to create a portfolio that includes primarily one stop and other senior secured loans by investing approximately 10.0 million to 75.0 million of capital, on average, in the securities of middle-market companies. Set forth below is a list of our ten largest portfolio company investments as of September 30, 2021, as well as the top ten industries in which we were invested as of September 30, 2021, calculated as a percentage of our total investments at fair value as of such date. Portfolio Company Investments at Fair Value (In thousands) Percentage of Total Investments Diligent Corporation 114,466 2.3 GS Acquisitionco, Inc. 104,078 2.1 Bullhorn, Inc. 85,083 1.8 Datix Bidco Limited 79,597 1.6 ES Acquisition, LLC 77,563 1.6 Imperial Optical Midco Inc. 69,007 1.4 Transaction Data Systems, Inc. 67,135 1.4 Whitcraft LLC 64,168 1.3 InhabitIQ Inc 60,155 1.2 Veterinary Specialists of North America, LLC 58,064 1.2 779,316 15.9 
 Industry Investments at Fair Value (In thousands) Percentage of Total Investments Software 1,084,864 22.2 Healthcare Providers and Services 532,463 10.9 IT Services 302,487 6.2 Specialty Retail 292,446 6.0 Insurance 234,529 4.8 Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure 172,285 3.5 Healthcare Equipment and Supplies 157,959 3.2 Health Care Technology 150,565 3.1 Automobiles 140,499 2.9 Diversified Consumer Services 134,232 2.7 3,202,329 65.5 
 
 Managerial Assistance 
 As a business development company, we offer, and must provide upon request, managerial assistance to our portfolio companies. This assistance could involve monitoring the operations of our portfolio companies, participating in board and management meetings, consulting with and advising officers of portfolio companies and providing other organizational and financial guidance. The Administrator or an affiliate of the Administrator provides such managerial assistance on our behalf to portfolio companies that request this assistance. We could receive fees for these services and reimburse the Administrator or an affiliate of the Administrator, as applicable, for its allocated costs in providing such assistance, subject to the review and approval by our board of directors, including our independent directors. 
 
 Competition 
 14 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Our primary competitors in providing financing to middle-market companies include public and private funds, other business development companies, commercial and investment banks, commercial financing companies and, to the extent they provide an alternative form of financing, private equity and hedge funds. Many of our competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, we believe some competitors have access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than us. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a business development company or to the source-of-income, asset diversification and distribution requirements we must satisfy to maintain our qualification as a RIC. 
 We use the expertise of the investment professionals of Golub Capital and its affiliates to which we have access to assess investment risks and determine appropriate pricing for our investments in portfolio companies. In addition, the relationships of the senior members of Golub Capital and its affiliates enable us to learn about, and compete effectively for, financing opportunities with attractive middle-market companies in the industries in which we invest. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to our Business and Structure We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities, which could reduce returns and result in losses. 
 Administration 
 We do not have any direct employees, and our day-to-day investment operations are managed by GC Advisors. Our business and affairs are managed under the direction of our board of directors. We have a chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief compliance officer, managing director and director of corporate strategy, and to the extent necessary, our board of directors can elect to appoint additional officers going forward. Our officers are officers and or employees of Golub Capital LLC, an affiliate of GC Advisors, and our allocable portion of the cost of our chief financial officer and chief compliance officer and their respective staffs is paid by us pursuant to the administration agreement, or the Administration Agreement, with the Administrator. See Business - Management Agreements - Administration Agreement. 

15 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 SUMMARY RISK FACTORS 
 
 The risk factors described below are a summary of the principal risk factors associated with an investment in us. These are not the only risks we face. You should carefully consider these risk factors, together with the risk factors set forth in Item 1A. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the other reports and documents filed by us with the SEC. 
 
 We are subject to risks relating to our business and structure 
 
 We are subject to risks associated with the current interest rate environment and to the extent we use debt to finance our investments, changes in interest rates will affect our cost of capital and net investment income. 
 We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities, which could reduce returns and result in losses. 
 Rising interest rates could make it more difficult for portfolio companies to make periodic payments on 
 their loans. 
 We are subject to risks associated with the discontinuation of LIBOR, which will affect our cost of capital and net investment income. 
 We are dependent upon GC Advisors for our success and upon its access to the investment professionals and partners of Golub Capital and its affiliates. 
 Our business model depends to a significant extent upon strong referral relationships with sponsors and 
 investing in companies backed by private equity sponsors. Any inability of GC Advisors to maintain or 
 develop these relationships, or the failure of these relationships to generate investment opportunities, could 
 adversely affect our business. 
 There are significant potential conflicts of interest that could affect our investment returns, including conflicts related to the obligations of GC Advisors investment committee, GC or its affiliates have to other clients and conflicts related to fees and expenses of such other clients, incentives created by our base management and incentive fee structure, the valuation process for certain of our portfolio holdings and other arrangements with GC Advisors or its affiliates. 
 GC Advisors could make certain investment decisions for the purpose of receiving transaction fees. 
 GC Advisors could prioritize its relationship with a borrower or private equity sponsor instead of seeking 
 the most advantageous terms for a company investment. 
 GC Advisors operates in multiple business lines and could pursue additional business lines, which could 
 create a conflict of interest in the allocation of its time and focus. 
 Golub Capital could pursue strategic transactions, which could create a conflict of interest in the allocation 
 of GC Advisors time and focus. 
 We and GC Advisors could be the target of litigation or regulatory investigations. 
 We are subject to certain risks related to our ability to qualify as a RIC and to related to regulations governing our operation as a business development company. 
 We finance our investments with borrowed money, which could accelerate and increase the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested and could increase the risk of investing in us. 
 We are subject to risks associated with the Unsecured Notes, the Debt Securitizations and the Revolving Credit Facilities. 
 The majority of our portfolio investments will be recorded at fair value as determined in good faith by our board of directors and, as a result, there could be uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio investments. 
 Our board of directors could change our investment objective, operating policies and strategies without prior notice or stockholder approval. 
 Each of GC Advisors and the Administrator can resign on 60 days notice, and we can provide no assurance that we could find a suitable replacement within that time, resulting in a disruption in our operations that could adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to risks relating to our investments 
 
 Economic recessions or downturns could impair our portfolio companies and defaults by our portfolio companies will harm our operating results. 
 Our investments in debt, leveraged portfolio companies, private and middle-market portfolio companies are risky and we could lose all or part of our investment. 
 16 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 The lack of liquidity in our investments could adversely affect our business. 
 Price declines and illiquidity in the corporate debt markets could adversely affect the fair value of our portfolio investments, reducing our net asset value through increased net unrealized depreciation. 
 Our portfolio companies could prepay loans, which could reduce our yields if capital returned cannot be invested in transactions with equal or greater expected yields. 
 We are subject to credit and default risk and portfolio companies could be unable to repay or refinance outstanding principal on their loans at or prior to maturity. 
 Our portfolio could be concentrated in a limited number of portfolio companies and industries, which will subject us to a risk of significant loss if any of these companies defaults on its obligations under any of its debt instruments or if there is a downturn in a particular industry. 
 We could hold the debt securities of leveraged companies that could, due to the significant volatility of such companies, enter into bankruptcy proceedings. 
 Our failure to make follow-on investments in our portfolio companies could impair the value of our portfolio. 
 Because we generally do not hold controlling equity interests in our portfolio companies, we generally will not be able to exercise control over our portfolio companies or to prevent decisions by management of our portfolio companies that could decrease the value of our investments. 
 Our portfolio companies could incur debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, our investments in such companies and such portfolio companies could fail to generate sufficient cash flow to service their debt obligations to us. 
 The disposition of our investments could result in contingent liabilities. 
 GC Advisors liability is limited, and we have agreed to indemnify GC Advisors against certain liabilities, which could lead GC Advisors to act in a riskier manner on our behalf than it would when acting for its own account. 
 We could be subject to risks if we engage in hedging transactions and could become subject to risks if we invest in foreign securities. 
 We could suffer losses from our equity investments. 
 We could be subject to lender liability claims with respect to our portfolio company investments. 
 
 Investors are subject to risks relating to an investment in our securities 
 
 Investing in our securities could involve an above average degree of risk and the market price of our securities could fluctuate significantly. 
 Shares of closed-end investment companies, including business development companies, often trade at a discount to their net asset value. 
 There is a risk that investors in our equity securities will not receive distributions or that our distributions do not grow over time and a portion of our distributions could be a return of capital. 
 The Unsecured Notes are unsecured and therefore are effectively subordinated to any secured indebtedness and are structurally subordinated to the indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries. 
 If we default on our obligations to pay our other indebtedness, we may not be able to make payments on the Unsecured Notes. 
 
 17 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 MANAGEMENT AGREEMENTS 
 GC Advisors is located at 200 Park Avenue, 25th Floor, New York, NY 10166. GC Advisors is registered as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act. The beneficial interests in GC Advisors are majority owned, indirectly, by two affiliated trusts. The trustees of those trusts are Stephen A. Kepniss and David L. Finegold. Subject to the overall supervision of our board of directors and in accordance with the 1940 Act, GC Advisors manages our day-to-day operations and provides investment advisory services to us. Under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, GC Advisors 
 determines the composition of our portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to our portfolio and the manner of implementing such changes 
 identifies, evaluates and negotiates the structure of the investments we make 
 executes, closes, services and monitors the investments we make 
 determines the securities and other assets that we purchase, retain or sell 
 performs due diligence on prospective portfolio companies and 
 provides us with such other investment advisory, research and related services as we, from time to time, reasonably require for the investment of our funds. 
 GC Advisors services under the Investment Advisory Agreement are not exclusive. Subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act, GC Advisors can enter into one or more sub-advisory agreements under which GC Advisors would obtain assistance in fulfilling its responsibilities under the Investment Advisory Agreement. 
 Management Fee 
 Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, we pay GC Advisors a fee for investment advisory and management services consisting of two components a base management fee and an incentive fee. The cost of both the base management fee and the incentive fee is ultimately borne by our stockholders. 
 Under each of the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement, the base management fee is calculated at an annual rate equal to 1.375 of our average adjusted gross assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters (excluding cash and cash equivalents but including assets purchased with borrowed funds and securitization-related assets and cash collateral on deposit with custodian). Additionally, GC Advisors is voluntarily excluding assets funded with secured borrowing proceeds from the management fee. For services rendered under the Investment Advisory Agreement, or the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement, the base management fee is payable quarterly in arrears. The base management fee is calculated based on the average value of our gross assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters, and appropriately adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during a current calendar quarter. Base management fees for any partial month or quarter are appropriately pro-rated. For purposes of the Investment Advisory Agreement, cash equivalents means U.S. government securities and commercial paper instruments maturing within 270 days of purchase. To the extent that GC Advisors or any of its affiliates provides investment advisory, collateral management or other similar services to a subsidiary of ours, the base management fee shall be reduced by an amount equal to the product of (1) the total fees paid to GC Advisors by such subsidiary for such services and (2) the percentage of such subsidiary s total equity, including membership interests and any class of notes not exclusively held by one or more third parties, that is owned, directly or indirectly, by us. 
 Incentive Fee 
 We pay GC Advisors an incentive fee. Incentive fees are calculated as described below and payable quarterly in arrears or at the end of each calendar year (or, upon termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement, as of the termination date). 
 Cap on Fees. We have structured the calculation of the incentive fee to include a fee limitation such that, under the Investment Advisory Agreement, an incentive fee for any quarter can only be paid to GC Advisors if, after such payment, the cumulative incentive fees paid to GC Advisors, calculated on a per share basis as described below, since April 13, 2010, the effective date of our election to become a business development company, would be less than or equal to 20.0 of our Cumulative Pre-Incentive Fee Net Income (as defined below). 
 18 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 We accomplish this limitation by subjecting each quarterly incentive fee payable under the Income and Capital Gains Incentive Fee Calculation (as defined below) to a cap, or the Incentive Fee Cap. The Incentive Fee Cap in any quarter is equal to the difference between (a) 20.0 of Cumulative Pre-Incentive Fee Net Income Per Share (as defined below) and (b) Cumulative Incentive Fees Paid Per Share (as defined below). To the extent the Incentive Fee Cap is zero or a negative value in any quarter, no incentive fee would be payable in that quarter. Cumulative Pre-Incentive Fee Net Income Per Share under the Investment Advisory Agreement is equal to the sum of Pre-Incentive Fee Net Income Per Share (as defined below) for each quarter since April 13, 2010. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Income Per Share for any quarter is equal to (a) the sum of (i) Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined below) and (ii) Adjusted Capital Returns (as defined below) for the quarter divided by (b) the weighted average number of shares of our common stock outstanding during such quarter. Adjusted Capital Returns for any quarter shall be the sum of the realized aggregate capital gains, realized aggregate capital losses, aggregate unrealized capital depreciation and aggregate unrealized capital appreciation for such quarter provided that the calculation of realized aggregate capital gains, realized aggregate capital losses, aggregate unrealized capital depreciation and aggregate unrealized capital appreciation shall not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation resulting solely from the purchase accounting for any premium or discount paid for the acquisition of assets in a merger. Cumulative Incentive Fees Paid Per Share is equal to the sum of Incentive Fees Paid Per Share for each quarter (or portion thereof) since April 13, 2010. Incentive Fees Paid Per Share for any quarter is equal to the incentive fees accrued and or payable by us for such period divided by the weighted average number of shares of our common stock outstanding during such period. 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies but excluding fees for providing managerial assistance) accrued during the period, minus operating expenses for the calendar quarter (including the base management fee, taxes, any expenses payable under the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement, any expenses of securitizations and any interest expense and dividends paid on any outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the applicable incentive fees). Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature such as market discount, debt instruments with PIK interest, preferred stock with PIK dividends, and zero coupon securities, accrued income that we have not yet received in cash. GC Advisors does not return to us amounts paid to it on accrued income that we have not yet received in cash if such income is not ultimately received by us in cash. If we do not ultimately receive income, a loss would be recognized, reducing future fees. The Investment Advisory Agreement, as compared to the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement, excludes the impact of purchase accounting resulting from a merger, including the Merger, from the calculation of income subject to the income incentive fee payable and the calculation of the Incentive Fee Cap. As a result, under the Investment Advisory Agreement, Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation or any amortization or accretion of any purchase premium or purchase discount to interest income resulting solely from the purchase accounting for any premium or discount paid for the acquisition of assets in a merger, such as the premium to net asset value paid for the shares of GCIC common stock in the Merger. 
 The Investment Advisory Agreement, as compared to the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement, converts the cumulative incentive fee cap from an aggregate basis calculation to a per share calculation. Under the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement, the Incentive Fee would not be paid at any time if, after such payment, the cumulative Incentive Fees paid to date would be greater than 20.0 of our Cumulative Pre-Incentive Fee Net Income, which was defined under the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement to equal the sum of Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for each period since April 13, 2010. Under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Incentive Fee will not be paid at any time if, after such payment, the Cumulative Incentive Fees Paid Per Share to date would be greater than 20.0 of Cumulative Pre-Incentive Fee Net Income Per Share. 
 If, for any relevant period, the Incentive Fee Cap calculation results in our paying less than the amount of the Incentive Fee calculated above, then the difference between (a) the Incentive Fees accrued and or payable by us for such relevant period and (b) the Incentive Fee Cap multiplied by the weighted average number of shares of our common stock outstanding during such relevant period will not be paid by us, and will not be received by GC Advisors, as an incentive fee, either at the end of such relevant period or at the end of any future relevant period. 
 19 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Income and Capital Gains Incentive Fee Calculation 
 The income and capital gains incentive fee calculation, or the Income and Capital Gains Incentive Fee Calculation, has two parts the income component and the capital gains component. The income component is calculated quarterly in arrears based on our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter. With the exception of the change to the calculation of Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income described above, the income component of the incentive fee is calculated the same under the Investment Advisory Agreement as under the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement. 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets (defined as total assets less indebtedness and before taking into account any incentive fees payable during the period) at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, is compared to a fixed hurdle rate of 2.0 quarterly. If market interest rates rise, we could have the ability to invest funds in debt instruments that provide for a higher return, which would increase our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income and make it easier for GC Advisors to surpass the fixed hurdle rate and receive an incentive fee based on such net investment income. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income used to calculate this part of the incentive fee is also included in the amount of our total assets (excluding cash and cash equivalents but including assets purchased with borrowed funds and securitization-related assets and cash collateral on deposit with custodian) used to calculate the 1.375 base management fee, which fee is payable on all of our assets managed by GC Advisors. 
 We calculate the income component of the Income and Capital Gains Incentive Fee Calculation with respect to our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income quarterly, in arrears, as follows 
 zero in any calendar quarter in which the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not exceed the hurdle rate 
 100.0 of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income with respect to that portion of such Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 2.5 in any calendar quarter. We refer to this portion of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (which exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 2.5 as the catch-up provision. The catch-up is meant to provide GC Advisors with 20.0 of the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income as if a hurdle rate did not apply if this net investment income exceeds 2.5 in any calendar quarter and 
 20.0 of the amount of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceeds 2.5 in any calendar quarter. 
 The sum of these calculations yields the Income Incentive Fee . This amount is appropriately adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the quarter. 
 The following is a graphical representation of the Income Incentive Fee calculation 
 Quarterly Income Component of Income and Capital Gains Incentive Fee Calculation Based on Net Income 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income 
 (Expressed as a Percentage of the Value of Net Assets) 
 
 Percentage of Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Allocated to Income Component of Income and Capital Gains Incentive Fee Calculation 
 The second part of the Income and Capital Gains Incentive Fee Calculation, or the Capital Gain Incentive Fee, equals (a) 20.0 of our Capital Gain Incentive Fee Base (as defined below), if any, calculated in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement, as of the termination date), commencing with the calendar year ending December 31, 2010, less (b) the aggregate amount of any previously paid Capital Gain Incentive Fees. The Capital Gain Incentive Fee is calculated in the same manner under the Investment Advisory Agreement as under the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement. Our Capital Gain Incentive 
 20 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Fee Base equals (1) the sum of (i) our realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative positive basis from April 13, 2010 through the end of each calendar year, (ii) all realized capital losses on a cumulative basis and (iii) all unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis less (2) all unamortized deferred financing costs, if and to the extent such costs exceed all unrealized capital appreciation on a cumulative basis. 
 The cumulative aggregate realized capital losses are calculated as the sum of the amounts by which (a) the net sales price of each investment in our portfolio when sold is less than (b) the accreted or amortized cost basis of such investment. 
 The cumulative aggregate realized capital gains are calculated as the sum of the differences, if positive, between (a) the net sales price of each investment in our portfolio when sold and (b) the accreted or amortized cost basis of such investment. 
 The aggregate unrealized capital depreciation is calculated as the sum of the differences, if negative, between (a) the valuation of each investment in our portfolio as of the applicable Capital Gain Incentive Fee calculation date and (b) the accreted or amortized cost basis of such investment. 
 There was no Capital Gain Incentive Fee payable as calculated under the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement or the Investment Advisory Agreement, as applicable (as described above) for each of the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. However, in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, we are required to accrue for the Capital Gain Incentive Fee on a quarterly basis and are further required to include the aggregate unrealized capital appreciation on investments when calculating the capital gain incentive fee accrual, as if such unrealized capital appreciation were realized, even though such unrealized capital appreciation is not permitted to be considered in calculating the fee actually payable under either the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement or the Investment Advisory Agreement. If the Capital Gain Incentive Fee Base, adjusted as required by GAAP to include unrealized appreciation, is positive at the end of a period, then GAAP requires us to accrue a capital gain incentive fee equal to 20 of such amount, less the aggregate amount of the actual capital gain incentive fees paid or capital gain incentive fees accrued under GAAP in all prior periods. If such amount is negative, then there is no accrual for such period. The resulting accrual under GAAP for any capital gain incentive fee payable in a given period may result in additional expense if such cumulative amount is greater than in the prior period or a reversal of previously recorded expense if such cumulative amount is less than in the prior period. There can be no assurance that such unrealized capital appreciation will be realized in the future. Any payment due under the terms of the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement or the Investment Advisory Agreement is calculated in arrears at the end of each calendar year. For the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, we did not accrue a Capital Gain Incentive Fee under GAAP. For the year ended September 30, 2019, we reversed a Capital Gain Incentive Fee under GAAP of 5.6 million. 
 The sum of the Income Incentive Fee and the Capital Gain Incentive Fee is the Incentive Fee . 
 Examples of Quarterly Incentive Fee Calculation 
 Example 1 Income Related Portion of Incentive Fee (1) 
 Assumptions 
 Hurdle rate (2) 2.00 
 Management fee (3) 0.688 
 Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) (4) 0.35 
 (1) The hypothetical amount of Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income shown is based on a percentage of total net assets. In addition, the example assumes that during the most recent four full calendar quarter period ending on or prior to the date the payment set forth in the example is to be made, the sum of (a) our aggregate distributions to our stockholders and (b) our change in net assets (defined as total assets less indebtedness and before taking into account any incentive fees payable during the period) is at least 8.0 of our net assets at the beginning of such period (as adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases). 
 (2) Represents a quarter of the 8.0 annualized hurdle rate. 
 (3) Represents a quarter of the 1.375 annualized management fee on gross assets, assuming 1.0x debt-to-equity. 
 (4) Excludes offering expenses. 
 21 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Alternative 1 
 Additional Assumptions 
 Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) 1.25 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (investment income adjusted to exclude amortization of purchase premium (management fee + other expenses)) 0.212 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not exceed the hurdle rate, therefore there is no Incentive Fee. 
 Alternative 2 
 Additional Assumptions 
 Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) 3.25 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (investment income adjusted to exclude amortization of purchase premium (management fee + other expenses)) 2.212 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income exceeds hurdle rate, therefore there is an Incentive Fee. Incentive Fee 100 catch-up + the greater of 0 AND (20 (Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income 2.50 )) (100 (2.212 2.00 )) + 0 100 0.212 0.212 
 Alternative 3 
 Additional Assumptions 
 Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) 4.00 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (investment income (management fee + other expenses)) 2.962 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income exceeds hurdle rate, therefore there is an Incentive Fee. Incentive Fee 100 catch-up + the greater of 0 AND (20 (Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income 2.50 )) (100 (2.50 2.00 )) + (20 (2.962 2.50 )) 0.50 + (20 0.462 0.50 + 0.0924 0.5924 
 Example 2 Capital Gain Incentive Fee 
 Alternative 1 
 Assumptions Year 1 20 million investment made in Company A Investment A and an investment in Company B acquired in a merger Investment B Investment B is allocated consideration paid, or a cost basis in accordance with GAAP, of 31.5 million. Year 2 Investment A is sold for 15 million and fair market value FMV of Investment B determined to be 29 million Year 3 FMV of Investment B determined to be 27 million Year 4 Investment B sold for 25 million 
 22 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 The Capital Gain Incentive Fee, if any, would be Year 1 None (No sales transactions) Year 2 None (Sales transaction resulted in a realized capital loss on Investment A) Year 3 None (No sales transactions) Year 4 None (Sales transaction resulted in a realized capital loss on Investment B) 
 Each quarterly incentive fee payable on the Income and Capital Gains Incentive Fee Calculation is subject to the Incentive Fee Cap. Below are the necessary adjustments to the Incentive Fee payable to adhere to the Incentive Fee Cap. 
 Additional Assumptions Year 1 Investment B has a FMV of 30.0 million at the time of the closing of the merger, resulting in a cost basis for purposes of calculating the Incentive Fee Cap of 30 million (excluding the 1.5 million purchase premium paid for the acquisition of Investment B in a merger and corresponding 1.5 million unrealized loss) we have 10,000,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding Year 2 We have 10,000,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding Year 3 We issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock and has 11,000,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding Year 4 We have 11,000,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding 
 Year 1 No adjustment no realized capital losses or unrealized capital depreciation Year 2 Investment A sold at a 5 million loss. Investment B has unrealized capital depreciation of 1 million for purposes of calculating the Incentive Fee Cap. Therefore, GC Advisors would not be paid on the 0.60 per share realized unrealized loss which would result in a lower Incentive Fee by 0.12 per share. Year 3 Investment B has unrealized capital depreciation of 2 million for purposes of calculating the Incentive Fee Cap. Therefore, GC Advisors would not be paid on the 0.18 per share unrealized capital depreciation, which would result in a lower Incentive Fee by 0.04 per share. Year 4 Investment B sold resulting in a 5 million realized loss for purposes of calculating the Incentive Fee Cap. Investment B was previously marked down by 3 million for purposes of calculating the New Incentive Fee Cap therefore, for purposes of calculating the New Incentive Fee Cap we would realize a 5 million loss on Investment B and reverse the previous 3 million in unrealized capital depreciation. The net effect would be a loss for purposes of calculating the Incentive Fee Cap of 2 million. GC Advisors would not be paid on the 0.18 per share loss which would result in a lower Incentive Fee by 0.04 per share. 
 Alternative 2 
 Assumption Year 1 20 million investment made in Company A Investment A ), an investment in Company B acquired in a merger Investment B Investment B is allocated consideration paid, or a cost basis in accordance with GAAP, of 31.5 million, and 25 million investment made in Company C Investment C Year 2 FMV of Investment A determined to be 18 million, FMV of Investment B determined to be 25 million and FMV of Investment C determined to be 25 million Year 3 Investment A sold for 18 million. FMV of Investment B determined to be 24 million and FMV of Investment C determined to be 25 million. Year 4 FMV of Investment B determined to be 22 million. Investment C sold for 24 million. Year 5 Investment B sold for 20 million 
 23 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 The Capital Gain Incentive Fee, if any, would be Year 1 None (No sales transactions) Year 2 None (No sales transactions) Year 3 None (Sales transaction resulted in a realized capital loss on Investment A) Year 4 None (Sales transaction resulted in a realized capital loss on Investment C) Year 5 None (Sales transaction resulted in a realized capital loss on Investment B) 
 Each quarterly Incentive Fee payable on the Income and Capital Gains Incentive Fee Calculation is subject to the Incentive Fee Cap. Below are the necessary adjustments to the Incentive Fee payable to adhere to the Incentive Fee Cap. 
 Additional Assumptions Year 1 Investment B has an FMV of 30.0 million at the time of the closing of the merger, resulting in a cost basis for purposes of calculating the Incentive Fee Cap of 30 million (excluding the 1.5 million purchase premium paid for the acquisition of Investment B in a merger and corresponding 1.5 million unrealized loss) we have 10,000,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding Year 2 We have 10,000,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding Year 3 We issue 1,000,000 shares of common stock and have 11,000,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding Year 4 We have 11,000,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding Year 5 We have 11,000,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding 
 Year 1 No adjustment no realized capital losses or unrealized capital depreciation. Year 2 Investment A has unrealized capital depreciation of 2 million. Investment B has unrealized capital depreciation of 5 million for purposes of calculating the Incentive Fee Cap. Therefore, GC Advisors would not be paid on the 0.70 per share unrealized capital depreciation which would result in a lower Incentive Fee by 0.14 per share. Year 3 Investment A sold at a 2 million loss. Investment A was previously marked down by 2 million therefore, we would realize a 2 million loss on Investment A and reverse the previous 2 million in unrealized capital depreciation. Investment B has additional unrealized capital depreciation of 1 million for purposes of calculating the Incentive Fee Cap. The net effect would be a loss of 1 million for purposes of calculating the Incentive Fee Cap. GC Advisors would not be paid on the 0.09 per share loss, which would result in a lower Incentive Fee by 0.02 per share. Year 4 Investment B has additional unrealized capital depreciation of 2 million for purposes of calculating the Incentive Fee Cap. Investment C sold at a 1 million realized loss. The net effect would be a loss of 3 million for purposes of calculating the Incentive Fee Cap. GC Advisors would not be paid on the 0.27 per share loss, which would result in a lower Incentive Fee by 0.05 per share. Year 5 Investment B sold resulting in a 10 million realized loss for purposes of calculating the Incentive Fee Cap. Investment B was previously marked down by 8 million therefore, we would realize a 10 million loss on Investment B and reverse the previous 8 million in unrealized capital depreciation. The net effect would be a loss for purposes of calculating the Incentive Fee Cap of 2 million. GC Advisors would not be paid on the 0.18 per share loss, which would result in a lower Incentive Fee by 0.04 per share. 
 24 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Alternative 3 
 Assumptions Year 1 25 million investment made in Company A Investment A and an investment in Company B acquired in a merger Investment B Investment B is allocated consideration paid, or a cost basis in accordance with GAAP, of 31.5 million Year 2 Investment A is sold for 30 million, FMV of Investment B determined to be 31 million and 2 million of unamortized deferred financing costs Year 3 FMV of Investment B determined to be 33 million and 1 million of unamortized deferred financing costs Year 4 Investment B sold for 33 million and 0 of unamortized deferred financing costs 
 The Capital Gain Incentive Fee, if any, would be Year 1 None (No sales transactions) Year 2 900,000 (20 multiplied by (i) 5 million realized capital gain on sale of Investment A less (ii) 0.5 million of unrealized loss). Year 3 100,000 (20 multiplied by 5 million realized capital gains on sale of Investment A less 900,000 Capital Gain Incentive Fee paid in year 2). Year 4 600,000 (20 multiplied by 8 million realized capital gains on sale of Investment A and Investment B less Capital Gain Incentive Fee paid in years 2 and 3). 
 Each quarterly Incentive Fee payable on the Income and Capital Gains Incentive Fee Calculation is subject to the Incentive Fee Cap. Below are the necessary adjustments to the Incentive Fee payable to adhere to the Incentive Fee Cap 
 Additional Assumptions Year 1 Investment B has a FMV of 30.0 million at the time of the closing of the merger, resulting in a cost basis for purposes of calculating the Incentive Fee Cap of 30 million (excluding the 1.5 million purchase premium paid for the acquisition of Investment B in a merger and corresponding 1.5 million unrealized loss) we have 10,000,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding Year 2 We have 10,000,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding Year 3 We issue 1,000,000 shares of common stock and have 11,000,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding Year 4 We have 11,000,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding 
 Year 1 No adjustment necessary Year 2 No adjustment necessary. GC Advisors would not be paid on the 1 million unrealized gain on Investment B. Year 3 No adjustment necessary. GC Advisors would not be paid on the 3 million unrealized gain on Investment B. Year 4 No adjustment necessary 
 Payment of Our Expenses 
 All investment professionals of GC Advisors and or its affiliates, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory and management services to us, and the compensation and routine overhead expenses of personnel allocable to these services to us, are provided and paid for by GC Advisors and or its affiliates and not by us. We bear all other out-of-pocket costs and expenses of our operations and transactions. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Overview Expenses. 
 Duration and Termination 
 Unless terminated earlier as described below, the Investment Advisory Agreement will continue in effect for an initial two-year term and thereafter shall continue in effect from year to year if approved annually by our board of directors or by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, and, in either case, if also approved by a majority of our directors who are not interested persons, as that term is defined in the 1940 Act, of us or GC Advisors. The Investment Advisory Agreement automatically terminates in the event of its assignment, as defined in the 1940 Act, by GC Advisors and could be terminated by either party without penalty 
 25 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 upon not less than 60 days written notice to the other. The holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, by vote, can also terminate the Investment Advisory Agreement without penalty. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to our Business and Structure We are dependent upon GC Advisors for our future success and upon their access to the investment professionals and partners of Golub Capital and its affiliates. 
 Indemnification 
 The Investment Advisory Agreement provides that, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations, GC Advisors and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with it are entitled to indemnification from us for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of GC Advisors services under the Investment Advisory Agreement or otherwise as our investment adviser. 
 Approval of the Investment Advisory Agreement 
 At a meeting of our board of directors held on November 27, 2018, our board of directors, including all of the directors who are not interested persons, as that term is defined in the 1940 Act, of us or GC Advisors, or the independent directors, voted unanimously to approve a prior version of the Investment Advisory Agreement. The board of directors then approved the submission of the Investment Advisory Agreement to our stockholders for approval with the recommendation that the stockholders vote to approve the Investment Advisory Agreement. Following certain regulatory discussions, our board of directors considered a revised version of the Investment Advisory Agreement that did not include any changes to the calculation of the Capital Gain Incentive Fee as compared to the calculation under the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement. At a meeting of our board of directors held on May 7, 2019, our board of directors, including all of our independent directors, fully discussed and considered all material matters related to the approval of the Investment Advisory Agreement, and the board of directors, including all of our independent directors subsequently approved the Investment Advisory Agreement at a meeting on July 11, 2019 to take effect upon closing of the Merger. In addition, the board of directors, including all of our independent directors, unanimously recommended that the Investment Advisory Agreement be submitted to our stockholders for approval. 
 In reaching a decision to approve the Investment Advisory Agreement, our board of directors reviewed a significant amount of information and considered, among other things 
 the nature, extent and quality of services provided to us by GC Advisors 
 
 the relative investment performance of us since inception 
 
 the effect of the Merger on the calculation of incentive fees and the incentive fee cap 
 the effect of purchase accounting for the premium paid for the shares of GCIC s common stock in the Merger on our financial statements after the Merger and the resulting effects on the calculation of incentive fees payable and the incentive fee cap 
 the fees paid by other comparable business development companies and 
 various other matters. 
 
 Our board of directors noted that the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement did not change the calculation of the Capital Gain Incentive Fee, or the management or incentive fee rates and that the changes, as compared to the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement, consisted of revisions to (i) exclude the impact of purchase accounting resulting from a merger, including the Merger, from the calculation of income subject to the income incentive fee payable and the calculation of the cumulative incentive fee cap under the Investment Advisory Agreement and (ii) convert the cumulative incentive fee cap into a per share calculation. 
 At a meeting of our stockholders held on September 4, 2019, our stockholders voted to approve the Investment Advisory Agreement, which was entered into effective as of the closing of the Merger. Our board of directors most recently reapproved the Investment Advisory Agreement in May 2021. 
 Administration Agreement 
 Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, the Administrator furnishes us with office facilities and equipment and provides clerical, bookkeeping, recordkeeping and other administrative services at such facilities. Under the Administration Agreement, the Administrator performs, or oversees the performance of, our required administrative 
 26 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 services, which include being responsible for the financial records that we are required to maintain and preparing reports to our stockholders and reports filed with the SEC. In addition, the Administrator assists us in determining and publishing our net asset value, oversees the preparation and filing of our tax returns and the printing and dissemination of reports to our stockholders, and generally oversees the payment of our expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to us by others. The Administrator can retain third parties to assist in providing administrative services to us. To the extent that the Administrator outsources any of its functions, we pay the fees associated with such functions on a direct basis without profit to the Administrator. We reimburse the Administrator for the allocable portion (subject to review and approval of our board of directors) of the Administrator s overhead and other expenses incurred by it in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent, the fees and expenses associated with performing compliance functions and our allocable portion of the cost of our chief financial officer and chief compliance officer and their respective staffs. Our board of directors reviews the expenses reimbursed to the Administrator, including any allocation of expenses among us and other entities for which the Administrator provides similar services, to determine that these expenses are reasonable and comparable to administrative services charged by unaffiliated third-party asset managers. In addition, if requested to provide managerial assistance to our portfolio companies, the Administrator is paid an additional amount based on the cost of the services provided, which shall not exceed the amount we receive from such portfolio companies for providing this assistance. In May 2021, the Administration Agreement was renewed for a one-year term with the unanimous approval of our board of directors. The Administration Agreement could be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days written notice to the other party. 
 Indemnification 
 The Administration Agreement provides that, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or negligence in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations, the Administrator and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with it are entitled to indemnification from us for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of the Administrator s services under the Administration Agreement or otherwise as our administrator. 
 License Agreement 
 We have entered into a license agreement with Golub Capital LLC under which Golub Capital LLC has granted us a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the name Golub Capital . Under this agreement, we will have a right to use the Golub Capital name and the agreement will remain in effect for so long as GC Advisors or one of its affiliates remains our investment adviser. Other than with respect to this limited license, we will have no legal right to the Golub Capital name. 
 Staffing Agreement 
 We do not have any internal management capacity or employees. We depend on the diligence, skill and network of business contacts of the senior investment professionals of GC Advisors to achieve our investment objective. GC Advisors is an affiliate of Golub Capital LLC and depends upon access to the investment professionals and other resources of Golub Capital LLC and its affiliates to fulfill its obligations to us under the Investment Advisory Agreement. GC Advisors also depends upon Golub Capital LLC to obtain access to deal flow generated by the professionals of Golub Capital LLC and its affiliates. Under the Staffing Agreement, Golub Capital LLC provides GC Advisors with the resources necessary to fulfill these obligations. The Staffing Agreement provides that Golub Capital LLC will make available to GC Advisors experienced investment professionals and access to the senior investment personnel of Golub Capital LLC for purposes of evaluating, negotiating, structuring, closing and monitoring our investments. The Staffing Agreement also includes a commitment that the members of GC Advisors investment committee serve in such capacity. The Staffing Agreement remains in effect until terminated and could be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days written notice to the other party. Services under the Staffing Agreement are provided to GC Advisors on a direct cost reimbursement basis, and such fees are not our obligation. 
 
 27 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 REGULATION 
 General 
 We are a business development company under the 1940 Act and have elected to be treated as a RIC under the Code. The 1940 Act contains prohibitions and restrictions relating to transactions between business development companies and their affiliates (including any investment advisers), principal underwriters and affiliates of those affiliates or underwriters and requires that a majority of the directors of a business development company be persons other than interested persons, as that term is defined in the 1940 Act. In addition, the 1940 Act provides that we cannot change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as, a business development company without the approval of a majority of our outstanding voting securities. 
 We can invest up to 100 of our assets in securities acquired directly from issuers in privately negotiated transactions. With respect to such securities, we could, for the purpose of public resale, be deemed an underwriter, as that term is defined in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. Our intention is to not write (sell) or buy put or call options to manage risks associated with the publicly traded securities of our portfolio companies, except that we could enter into hedging transactions to manage the risks associated with interest rate or foreign currency fluctuations. However, we could purchase or otherwise receive warrants to purchase the common stock of our portfolio companies in connection with acquisition financing or other investments. Similarly, in connection with an acquisition, we may acquire rights to require the issuers of acquired securities or their affiliates to repurchase them under certain circumstances. We also do not intend to acquire securities issued by any investment company in excess of the limits imposed by the 1940 Act. With regard to that portion of our portfolio invested in securities issued by investment companies, it should be noted that such investments may subject our stockholders to additional expenses. None of these policies, or any of our other policies, is fundamental and each could be changed without stockholder approval. To the extent we adopt any fundamental policies no person from whom we borrow will have, in his or her capacity as lender or debt holder, either a veto power or a vote in approving or changing any of our fundamental policies. 
 Qualifying Assets 
 Under the 1940 Act, a business development company is restricted from acquiring any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as qualifying assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the company s total assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our business are the following 
 (1) Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an eligible portfolio company, or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as could be prescribed by the SEC. An eligible portfolio company is defined in the 1940 Act as any issuer that 
 a is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States 
 b is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company, or SBIC, wholly owned by the business development company) or a company that would be an investment company but for certain exclusions under the 1940 Act and 
 c satisfies either of the following 
 i does not have any class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or has any class of securities listed on a national securities exchange subject to a 250.0 million market capitalization maximum or 
 ii is controlled by a business development company or a group of companies including a business development company, the business development company actually exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of the eligible portfolio company, and, as a result, the business development company has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio company. 
 (2) Securities of any eligible portfolio company which we control. 
 28 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 (3) Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident to such a private transaction, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities, was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements. 
 (4) Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and we already own 60 of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company. 
 (5) Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities. 
 (6) Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities that mature in one year or less from the date of investment. 
 The regulations defining and interpreting qualifying assets can change over time. We could adjust our investment focus as needed to comply with and or take advantage of any regulatory, legislative, administrative or judicial actions in this area. 
 We look through our consolidated subsidiaries to the underlying holdings (considered together with portfolio assets held outside of our consolidated subsidiaries) for purposes of determining compliance with the 70 qualifying assets requirement of the 1940 Act. At least 70 of our assets will be eligible assets. 
 Managerial Assistance to Portfolio Companies 
 A business development company must have been organized and have its principal place of business in the United States and must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described in (1), (2) or (3) above. However, in order to count portfolio securities as qualifying assets for the purpose of the 70 test, the business development company must either control the issuer of the securities or must offer to make available to the issuer of the securities significant managerial assistance except that, when the business development company purchases such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, one of the other persons in the group could make available such managerial assistance. Making available significant managerial assistance means any arrangement whereby the business development company, through its directors, officers or employees, offers to provide, and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. The Administrator or an affiliate of the Administrator provides such managerial assistance on our behalf to portfolio companies that request this assistance. 
 Temporary Investments 
 Pending investment in other types of qualifying assets, as described above, our investments could consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, repurchase agreements and high-quality debt investments that mature in one year or less from the date of investment, which we refer to, collectively, as temporary investments, so that 70 of our assets are qualifying assets or temporary investments. Typically, we will invest in U.S. Treasury bills or in repurchase agreements, so long as the agreements are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued by the U.S. government or its agencies. A repurchase agreement involves the purchase by an investor, such as us, of a specified security and the simultaneous agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed-upon future date and at a price that is greater than the purchase price by an amount that reflects an agreed-upon interest rate. There is no percentage restriction on the proportion of our assets that could be invested in such repurchase agreements. However, if more than 25 of our total assets constitute repurchase agreements from a single counterparty, we would generally not meet the diversification tests described in section 851(b)(3) of the Code in order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Accordingly, we do not intend to enter into repurchase agreements with a single counterparty in excess of this limit. GC Advisors will monitor the creditworthiness of the counterparties with which we enter into repurchase agreement transactions. 
 Senior Securities 
 We are permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of stock senior to our common stock if our asset coverage, as that term is defined in the 1940 Act, is at least equal to 200 (or 150 upon receipt of certain approvals and subject to the requirement that we make an offer to repurchase the shares of our stockholders) immediately after each such issuance (or such other percentage as could be prescribed by 
 29 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 law from time to time). Prior to the enactment of the Small Business Credit Availability Act, or SBCAA, in March 2018, the asset coverage requirement applicable to business development companies was 200 . The SBCAA permits a business development company to be subject to an asset coverage requirement of 150 so long as it meets certain disclosure requirements and obtains certain approvals. The reduced asset coverage requirement permits a business development company to have a ratio of total consolidated assets to outstanding indebtedness of 2 1 as compared to a maximum of 1 1 under the 200 asset coverage requirement. On February 5, 2019, our stockholders voted to approve the application of the reduced asset coverage requirements in Section 61(a)(2) to us effective as of February 6, 2019. As a result of the stockholder approval, effective February 6, 2019, the asset coverage ratio under the 1940 Act applicable to us decreased to 150 from 200 . In other words, under the 1940 Act, we are now able to borrow 2 for investment purposes for every 1 of investor equity, as opposed to borrowing 1 for investment purposes for every 1 of investor equity. In addition, while any senior securities remain outstanding, we must make provisions to prohibit any distribution to our stockholders or the repurchase of such securities or shares unless we meet the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the distribution or repurchase. We can also borrow amounts up to 5 of the value of our total assets for temporary or emergency purposes without regard to asset coverage, provided that any such borrowings in excess of 5 of the value of our total assets would be subject to the asset coverage ratio requirements of the 1940 Act, even if for temporary or emergency purposes. We consolidate our financial results with all of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, including the 2014 Issuer, BDC Holdings, GCIC Holdings, the 2018 Issuer, the GCIC 2018 Issuer, the 2020 Issuer, the 2018 CLO Depositor, the GCIC CLO Depositor, the 2020 CLO Depositor, Funding, Funding II, GCIC Funding, GCIC Funding II, the Senior Loan Funds and the SBIC Funds for financial reporting purposes and measure our compliance with the leverage test applicable to business development companies under the 1940 Act on a consolidated basis. 
 
 For a discussion of the risks associated with leverage, see Risk Factors Risks Relating to our Business and Structure Regulations governing our operation as a business development company affect our ability to, and the way in which we, raise additional capital. As a business development company, the necessity of raising additional capital exposes us to risks, including the typical risks associated with leverage. 
 Codes of Ethics 
 We and GC Advisors have each adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions. Personnel subject to each code can invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, including securities that can be purchased or held by us, so long as such investments are made in accordance with the code s requirements. You can read and copy the code of ethics from our website at www.golubcapitalbdc.com , or from the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . See Business General Information Available. In addition, each code of ethics is attached as an exhibit to this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 
 We have delegated our proxy voting responsibility to GC Advisors. The proxy voting policies and procedures of GC Advisors are set out below. The guidelines are reviewed periodically by GC Advisors and our directors who are not interested persons and, accordingly, are subject to change. 
 Introduction 
 As an investment adviser registered under the Advisers Act, GC Advisors has a fiduciary duty to act solely in our best interests. As part of this duty, GC Advisors recognizes that it must vote our securities in a timely manner free of conflicts of interest and in our best interests. 
 GC Advisors policies and procedures for voting proxies for its investment advisory clients are intended to comply with Section 206 of, and Rule 206(4)-6 under, the Advisers Act. 
 Proxy Policies 
 GC Advisors votes proxies relating to our portfolio securities in what it perceives to be the best interest of our stockholders. GC Advisors reviews on a case-by-case basis each proposal submitted to a stockholder vote to determine its effect on the portfolio securities we hold. In most cases GC Advisors will vote in favor of proposals that GC Advisors believes are likely to increase the value of the portfolio securities we hold. Although GC Advisors will generally vote against proposals that could have a negative effect on our portfolio securities, GC Advisors could vote for such a proposal if there exist compelling long-term reasons to do so. 
 30 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Our proxy voting decisions are made by GC Advisors chief executive officer and president. To ensure that GC Advisors vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, GC Advisors requires that (1) anyone involved in the decision-making process disclose to its chief compliance officer any potential conflict that he or she is aware of and any contact that he or she has had with any interested party regarding a proxy vote and (2) employees involved in the decision-making process or vote administration are prohibited from revealing how GC Advisors intends to vote on a proposal in order to reduce any attempted influence from interested parties. Where conflicts of interest may be present, GC Advisors will disclose such conflicts to us, including our independent directors, and could request guidance from us on how to vote such proxies. 
 Proxy Voting Records 
 You can obtain information without charge about how GC Advisors voted proxies during the most recent 12-month period ended September 30, 2021 by making a written request for proxy voting information to Golub Capital BDC, Inc., Attention Investor Relations, 200 Park Avenue, 25th Floor, New York, NY 10166, or by calling Golub Capital BDC, Inc. collect at (212) 750-6060. 
 Privacy Principles 
 We are committed to maintaining the privacy of our stockholders and to safeguarding their nonpublic personal information. 
 We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about our stockholders to employees of GC Advisors and its affiliates with a legitimate business need for the information. We will maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards designed to protect the nonpublic personal information of our stockholders. 
 Other 
 Under the 1940 Act, we are required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect us against larceny and embezzlement. Furthermore, as a business development company, we are prohibited from protecting any director or officer against any liability to us or our stockholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. 
 We and GC Advisors are required to adopt and implement written policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violation of relevant federal securities laws, review these policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation, and designate a chief compliance officer to be responsible for administering these policies and procedures. 
 We could also be prohibited under the 1940 Act from knowingly participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of our board of directors who are not interested persons and, in some cases, prior approval by the SEC. The SEC has interpreted the business development company prohibition on transactions with affiliates to prohibit joint transactions among entities that share a common investment adviser. The staff of the SEC has granted no-action relief pursuant to which purchases by us and other accounts sponsored or managed by GC Advisors or its affiliates of a single class of privately placed securities are permitted provided that the adviser negotiates no term other than price and certain other conditions are met. Any co-investment would be made subject to compliance with existing regulatory guidance, applicable regulations and our allocation procedures. If opportunities arise that would otherwise be appropriate for us and for another account sponsored or managed by GC Advisors to make different investments in the same issuer, GC Advisors will need to decide which account will proceed with the investment. Moreover, in certain circumstances, we could be unable to invest in an issuer in which another account sponsored or managed by GC Advisors has previously invested. 
 On February 27, 2017, GC Advisors and certain other funds and accounts sponsored or managed by GC Advisors and its affiliates, received exemptive relief from the SEC that permits us greater flexibility to negotiate the terms of co-investments if our board of directors determines that it would be advantageous for us to co-invest with other accounts sponsored or managed by GC Advisors or its affiliates in a manner consistent with our investment objectives, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors. We believe that co-investment by us and accounts sponsored or managed by GC Advisors and its affiliates could afford us additional investment opportunities and the ability to achieve greater diversification. Under the terms of this exemptive relief, a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of our independent directors is required to make certain conclusions in connection with a co-investment transaction, including that (1) the terms of the proposed transaction are reasonable and fair to us and our stockholders and do not involve 
 31 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 overreaching of us or our stockholders on the part of any person concerned and (2) the transaction is consistent with the interests of our stockholders and is consistent with our investment strategies and policies. 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, imposes a variety of regulatory requirements on companies with a class of securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, and their insiders. Many of these requirements affect us. For example 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-14 under the Exchange Act our principal executive officer and principal financial officer must certify the accuracy of the financial statements contained in our periodic reports 
 
 pursuant to Item 307 under Regulation S-K under the Securities Act our periodic reports must disclose our conclusions about the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures 
 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, our management must prepare an annual report regarding its assessment of our internal control over financial reporting, which must be audited by our independent registered public accounting firm and 
 
 pursuant to Item 308 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act and Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, our periodic reports must disclose whether there were significant changes in our internal controls over financial reporting or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 
 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us to review our current policies and procedures to determine whether we comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the regulations promulgated under such act. We will continue to monitor our compliance with all regulations that are adopted under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and will take actions necessary to ensure that we comply with that act. 
 Small Business Investment Company Regulations 
 On November 4, 2020, May 4, 2021 and September 21, 2021, SBIC IV, L.P., or SBIC IV, GC SBIC V, L.P., or SBIC V, and GC SBIC VI, L.P., or SBIC VI, respectively, surrendered their licenses to operate as a SBIC. Prior to the surrender of the licenses of the SBIC Funds, we operated the SBIC Funds as wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company. 
 The SBIC Funds each had investment objectives substantially similar to ours and made similar types of investments in accordance with SBIC regulations. 
 Prior to their surrender, the licenses approved by the U.S. Small Business Administration, or SBA, for the SBIC Funds allowed the SBIC Funds to incur leverage by issuing SBA-guaranteed debentures, subject to the issuance of a capital commitment and certain approvals by the SBA and customary procedures. As of September 30, 2021, all SBA-guaranteed debentures issued by each of the SBIC Funds have been repaid and no SBA-guaranteed debentures were outstanding at any of the SBIC Funds. SBA-guaranteed debentures carried long-term fixed rates that were generally lower than rates on comparable bank and other debt, had a maturity of ten years, required semi-annual payments of interest and did not require any principal payments prior to maturity. Under the regulations applicable to SBICs, each of the SBIC Funds was permitted to have outstanding debentures guaranteed by the SBA generally in an amount of up to twice its regulatory capital, which generally equated to the amount of its equity capital. SBIC regulations limited the amount that a single SBIC subsidiary could borrow to a maximum of 175.0 million, assuming that it had at least 87.5 million of equity capital. The SBIC Funds were subject to regulation and oversight by the SBA, including requirements with respect to maintaining certain minimum financial ratios and other covenants. 
 The original amount committed to SBIC IV, SBIC V, and SBIC VI by the SBA was 150.0 million, 175.0 million, and 175.0 million, respectively. Through September 30, 2021, SBIC IV, SBIC V, and SBIC VI have repaid 150.0 million, 175.0 million, and 110.0 million of outstanding debentures, respectively, and these commitments have effectively been terminated. 
 Under SBIC regulations, the SBIC Funds were permitted to make loans to eligible small businesses, invest in the equity securities of such businesses and provide them with consulting and advisory services. Eligible small businesses generally included businesses that (together with their affiliates) had a tangible net worth not exceeding 
 32 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 19.5 million and had average annual net income after U.S. federal income taxes not exceeding 6.5 million (average net income to be computed without benefit of any carryover loss) for the two most recent fiscal years. In addition, the SBIC Funds were required to devote 25 of their respective investment activity to smaller concerns, as defined by the SBA. A smaller concern generally included businesses that have a tangible net worth not exceeding 6.0 million and have average annual net income after U.S. federal income taxes not exceeding 2.0 million (average net income to be computed without benefit of any net carryover loss) for the two most recent fiscal years. SBIC regulations also provided alternative size standard criteria to determine eligibility for designation as an eligible small business or smaller concern, which criteria depend on the primary industry in which the business is engaged and are based on such factors as the number of employees and gross revenue. 
 Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 
 The following discussion is a general summary of the material U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to us and to an investment in our shares of common stock. This summary does not purport to be a complete description of the income tax considerations applicable to such an investment. For example, we have not described certain considerations that could be relevant to certain types of holders subject to special treatment under U.S. federal income tax laws, including stockholders subject to the alternative minimum tax, tax-exempt organizations, insurance companies, dealers in securities, traders in securities that elect to mark-to-market their securities holdings, pension plans and trusts, persons that have a functional currency (as defined in Section 985 of the Code) other than the U.S. dollar and financial institutions. This summary assumes that investors hold our common stock as capital assets (within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code). The discussion is based upon the Code, Treasury regulations, and administrative and judicial interpretations, each as of the date of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and all of which are subject to change, possibly retroactively, which could affect the continuing validity of this discussion. We have not sought and will not seek any ruling from the Internal Revenue Service, or the IRS, regarding any offering of our securities. This summary does not discuss any aspects of U.S. estate or gift tax or foreign, state or local tax. It does not discuss the special treatment under U.S. federal income tax laws that could result if we invested in tax-exempt securities or certain other investment assets. For purposes of this discussion, references to dividends are to dividends within the meaning of the U.S. federal income tax laws and associated regulations and can include amounts subject to treatment as a return of capital under section 19(a) of the 1940 Act. 
 A U.S. stockholder is a beneficial owner of shares of our common stock that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
 
 a citizen or individual resident of the United States 
 
 a corporation, or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, created or organized in or under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia 
 
 an estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source or 
 
 a trust if either a U.S. court can exercise primary supervision over its administration and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all of its substantial decisions or the trust was in existence on August 20, 1996, was treated as a U.S. person prior to that date, and has made a valid election to be treated as a U.S. person. 
 
 A Non-U.S. stockholder is a beneficial owner of shares of our common stock that is not a U.S. stockholder. 
 
 If a partnership (including an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds shares of our common stock, the tax treatment of a partner in the partnership will generally depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. A prospective investor that is a partner in a partnership that will hold shares of our common stock should consult its tax advisors with respect to the purchase, ownership and disposition of shares of our common stock. 
 
 Tax matters are very complicated and the tax consequences to an investor of an investment in our shares of common stock will depend on the facts of his, her or its particular situation. We encourage investors to consult their own tax advisors regarding the specific consequences of such an investment, including tax reporting requirements, the applicability of U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax laws, eligibility for the benefits of any applicable tax treaty, and the effect of any possible changes in the tax laws. 
 33 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Election to Be Taxed as a RIC 
 As a business development company, we have elected to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. As a RIC, we generally will not be subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any net ordinary income or capital gains that we timely distribute as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes to our stockholders. To qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements (as described below). In addition, we must distribute to our stockholders, for each taxable year, dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes of an amount at least equal to 90 of our investment company taxable income, which is generally our net ordinary income plus the excess of realized net short-term capital gains over realized net long-term capital losses and determined without regard to any deduction for dividends paid, or the Annual Distribution Requirement. Although not required for us to maintain our RIC tax status, in order to preclude the imposition of a 4 nondeductible federal excise tax imposed on RICs, we must distribute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes to our stockholders in respect of each calendar year of an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98 of our net ordinary income (taking into account certain deferrals and elections) for the calendar year, (2) 98.2 of the excess (if any) of our realized capital gains over our realized capital losses, or capital gain net income (adjusted for certain ordinary losses), generally for the one-year period ending on October 31 of the calendar year and (3) the sum of any net ordinary income plus capital gains net income for preceding years that were not distributed during such years and on which we did not incur any liability to pay federal income tax, or the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement. 
 Taxation as a RIC 
 If we 
 qualify as a RIC and 
 satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement 
 then we will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the portion of our investment company taxable income and net capital gain, defined as net long-term capital gains in excess of net short-term capital losses, we distribute as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes to our stockholders. We will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates on any net income or net capital gain not distributed as dividends to our stockholders. 
 In order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must, among other things 
 qualify to be treated as a business development company under the 1940 Act at all times during each taxable year 
 derive in each taxable year at least 90 of our gross income from dividends, interest, payments with respect to certain securities loans, gains from the sale of stock or other securities, or other income derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock or securities, and net income derived from interests in qualified publicly traded partnerships (partnerships that are traded on an established securities market or tradable on a secondary market, other than partnerships that derive 90 of their income from interest, dividends and other permitted RIC income), or the 90 Income Test and 
 diversify our holdings, so that at the end of each quarter of the taxable year 
 at least 50 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, securities of other RICs, and other securities if such other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5 of the value of our assets or more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer and 
 no more than 25 of the value of our assets is invested in the securities, other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs, of one issuer or of two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable tax rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses or in the securities of one or more qualified publicly traded partnerships (the Diversification Tests ). 
 
 We can invest in partnerships, including qualified publicly traded partnerships, which could result in our being subject to state, local or foreign income, franchise or other tax liabilities. 
 34 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 In addition, we are subject to ordinary income and capital gain distribution requirements under U.S. federal excise tax rules for each calendar year. If we do not meet the required distributions we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible federal excise tax on the undistributed amount. The failure to meet U.S. federal excise tax distribution requirements will not cause us to lose our RIC status. The failure to meet U.S. federal excise tax distribution requirements will not cause us to lose our RIC status, and we could choose to retain taxable income or capital gains in excess of current year distributions into the next tax year in an amount less than what would trigger payments of federal income tax under Subchapter M of the Code. We could then be required to pay a 4 excise tax on such income or capital gains. 
 
 A RIC is limited in its ability to deduct expenses in excess of its investment company taxable income. If our deductible expenses in a given taxable year exceed our investment company taxable income, we may incur a net operating loss for that taxable year. However, a RIC is not permitted to carry forward net operating losses to subsequent taxable years and such net operating losses do not pass through to its stockholders. In addition, deductible expenses can be used only to offset investment company taxable income, not net capital gain. A RIC cannot use any net capital losses (that is, the excess of realized capital losses over realized capital gains) to offset its investment company taxable income, but may carry forward such net capital losses, and use them to offset future capital gains, indefinitely. Due to these limits on deductibility of expenses and net capital losses, we could for tax purposes have aggregate taxable income for several taxable years that we are required to distribute and that is taxable to our stockholders even if such taxable income is greater than the net income we actually earn during those taxable years. Any underwriting fees paid by us are not deductible. We could be required to recognize taxable income in circumstances in which we do not receive cash. For example, if we hold debt obligations that are treated under applicable tax rules as having original issue discount (such as debt instruments with PIK interest or, in certain cases, with increasing interest rates or issued with warrants), we must include in income each year a portion of the original issue discount that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the same taxable year. Because any original issue discount accrued will be included in our investment company taxable income for the taxable year of accrual, we could be required to make a distribution to our stockholders in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, even though we will not have received any corresponding cash amount. Furthermore, a portfolio company in which we hold equity or debt instruments could face financial difficulty that requires us to work out, modify, or otherwise restructure such equity or debt instruments. Any such restructuring could, depending upon the terms of the restructuring, cause us to incur unusable or nondeductible losses or recognize future non-cash taxable income. 
 
 Certain of our investment practices could be subject to special and complex U.S. federal income tax provisions that could, among other things, (1) treat dividends that would otherwise constitute qualified dividend income as non-qualified dividend income, (2) treat dividends that would otherwise be eligible for the corporate dividends received deduction as ineligible for such treatment, (3) disallow, suspend or otherwise limit the allowance of certain losses or deductions, (4) convert lower-taxed long-term capital gain into higher-taxed short-term capital gain or ordinary income, (5) convert an ordinary loss or a deduction into a capital loss (the deductibility of which is more limited), (6) cause us to recognize income or gain without a corresponding receipt of cash, (7) adversely affect the time as to when a purchase or sale of stock or securities is deemed to occur, (8) adversely alter the characterization of certain complex financial transactions and (9) produce income that will not be qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income Test. We intend to monitor our transactions and could make certain tax elections to mitigate the effect of these provisions and prevent our ability to be subject to tax as a RIC. 
 We can invest a portion of our net assets in below investment grade instruments. Investments in these types of instruments can present special tax issues for us. U.S. federal income tax rules are not entirely clear about issues such as when we can cease to accrue interest, original issue discount or market discount, when and to what extent deductions can be taken for bad debts or worthless instruments, how payments received on obligations in default should be allocated between principal and income and whether exchanges of debt obligations in a bankruptcy or workout context are taxable. We intend to address these and other issues to the extent necessary in order to seek to ensure that we distribute sufficient income to avoid any material U.S. federal income or the 4 nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax. 
 
 Gain or loss realized by us from warrants acquired by us as well as any loss attributable to the lapse of such warrants generally will be treated as capital gain or loss. Such gain or loss generally will be long term or short term, depending on how long we held a particular warrant. 
 35 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Our investment in non-U.S. securities could be subject to non-U.S. income, withholding and other taxes. In that case, our yield on those securities would be decreased. U.S. stockholders generally will not be entitled to claim a U.S. foreign tax credit or deduction with respect to non-U.S. taxes paid by us. 
 
 If we acquire shares in a passive foreign investment company PFIC ), we could be subject to U.S. federal income tax on a portion of any excess distribution received on, or any gain from the disposition of, such shares even if we distribute such income as a taxable dividend to stockholders. Additional charges in the nature of interest generally will be imposed on us in respect of deferred taxes arising from any such excess distribution or gain. If we invest in the shares of a PFIC and elect to treat the PFIC as a qualified electing fund under the Code (a QEF ), in lieu of the foregoing requirements, we will be required to include in income each year our proportionate share of the ordinary earnings and net capital gain of the QEF, even if such income is not distributed by the QEF. Alternatively, we could elect to mark our shares in a PFIC at the end of each taxable year to market in this case, we will recognize as ordinary income any increase in the value of such shares, and as ordinary loss any decrease in such value to the extent that any such decrease does not exceed prior increases in such value included in our income. Our ability to make either election will depend on factors beyond our control, and is subject to restrictions which could limit the availability of the benefit of these elections. Under either election, we could be required to recognize in a taxable year income in excess of any distributions we receive from PFICs and any proceeds from dispositions of PFIC stock during that taxable year, and such income will nevertheless be subject to the Annual Distribution Requirement and will be taken into account for purposes of determining whether we satisfy the distribution requirements under U.S. federal excise tax rules. 
 
 Under Section 988 of the Code, gains or losses attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates between the time we accrue income, expenses or other liabilities denominated in a foreign currency and the time we actually collect such income or pay such expenses or liabilities are generally treated as ordinary income or loss. Similarly, gains or losses on foreign currency-denominated forward, futures and option contracts, as well as certain other financial instruments, and the disposition of debt obligations denominated in a foreign currency, to the extent attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates between the acquisition and disposition dates, are also treated as ordinary income or loss. 
 
 Although we do not presently expect to do so, we are authorized to borrow funds and to sell assets in order to satisfy distribution requirements. However, under the 1940 Act, we are not permitted to make distributions to our stockholders while our debt obligations and other senior securities are outstanding unless certain asset coverage tests are met. See Business Regulation Senior Securities. Moreover, our ability to dispose of assets to meet our distribution requirements may be limited by (1) the illiquid nature of our portfolio and or (2) other requirements relating to our qualification as a RIC, including the Diversification Tests. If we dispose of assets in order to meet the Annual Distribution Requirement or the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement, we may make such dispositions at times that, from an investment standpoint, are not advantageous. 
 Some of the income and fees that we may recognize, such as fees for providing managerial assistance, certain fees earned with respect to our investments, income recognized in a work-out or restructuring of a portfolio investment, or income recognized from an equity investment in an operating partnership, will not satisfy the 90 Income Test. In order to manage the risk that such income and fees might disqualify us as a RIC for a failure to satisfy the 90 Income Test, we may be required to recognize such income and fees indirectly through one or more entities treated as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Such corporations will be subject to U.S. corporate income tax as well as state and local tax on their earnings, which ultimately will reduce our return on such income and fees. 
 Failure to Qualify as a RIC 
 If we were unable to qualify for treatment as a RIC and are unable to cure the failure, for example, by disposing of certain investments quickly or raising additional capital to prevent the loss of RIC status, we generally would be subject to tax on all of our taxable income at regular corporate rates. The Code provides some relief from RIC disqualification due to failures to comply with the 90 Income Test and the Diversification Tests, although there could be additional taxes due in such cases. We cannot assure you that we would qualify for any such relief should we fail the 90 Income Test or the Diversification Tests. 
 Should failure occur, not only would all our taxable income be subject to tax at regular corporate rates, we would not be able to deduct dividend distributions to stockholders, nor would they be required to be made. Distributions, including distributions of net long-term capital gain, would generally be taxable to our stockholders as ordinary 
 36 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 dividend income to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. Subject to certain limitations under the Code, certain corporate stockholders would be eligible to claim dividends received deduction with respect to such dividends and non-corporate stockholders would generally be able to treat such dividends as qualified dividend income, which is subject to reduced rates of U.S. federal income tax. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits would be treated first as a return of capital to the extent of the stockholder s tax basis, and any remaining distributions would be treated as a capital gain. If we fail to qualify as a RIC, we could be subject to regular corporate tax on any net built-in gains with respect to certain of our assets (i.e., the excess of the aggregate gains, including items of income, over aggregate losses that would have been realized with respect to such assets if we had been liquidated) that we elect to recognize on requalification or when recognized over the next five taxable years. 
 The remainder of this discussion assumes that we qualify as a RIC and have satisfied the Annual Distribution Requirement. 
 
 Taxation of U.S. Stockholders 
 Distributions by us generally are taxable to U.S. stockholders as ordinary income or capital gains. Distributions of our investment company taxable income (which is, generally, our net ordinary income plus net short-term capital gains in excess of net long-term capital losses) will be taxable as ordinary income to U.S. stockholders to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, whether paid in cash or reinvested in additional shares of our common stock. To the extent such distributions paid by us to non-corporate stockholders (including individuals) are attributable to dividends from U.S. corporations and certain qualified foreign corporations and if certain holding period requirements are met, such distributions generally will be treated as qualified dividend income and generally eligible for a maximum U.S. federal tax rate of either 15 or 20 , depending on whether the individual shareholder s income exceeds certain threshold amounts, and if other applicable requirements are met, such distributions generally will be eligible for the corporate dividends received deduction to the extent such dividends have been paid by a U.S. corporation. In this regard, it is anticipated that distributions paid by us will generally not be attributable to dividends and, therefore, generally will not qualify for the preferential maximum U.S. federal tax rate applicable to non-corporate stockholders as well as will not be eligible for the corporate dividends received deduction. 
 Distributions of our net capital gains (which is generally our realized net long-term capital gains in excess of realized net short-term capital losses) properly designated by us as capital gain dividends will be taxable to a U.S. stockholder as long-term capital gains (currently generally at a maximum rate of either 15 or 20 , depending on whether the individual shareholder s income exceeds certain threshold amounts) in the case of individuals, trusts or estates, regardless of the U.S. stockholder s holding period for his, her or its common stock and regardless of whether paid in cash or reinvested in additional common stock. Distributions in excess of our earnings and profits first will reduce a U.S. stockholder s adjusted tax basis in such stockholder s common stock and, after the adjusted basis is reduced to zero, will constitute capital gains to such U.S. stockholder. Stockholders receiving dividends or distributions in the form of additional shares of our common stock purchased in the market should be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as receiving a distribution in an amount equal to the amount of money that the stockholders receiving cash dividends or distributions will receive, and should have a cost basis in the shares received equal to such amount. Stockholders receiving dividends in newly issued shares of our common stock will be treated as receiving a distribution equal to the value of the shares received, and should have a cost basis of such amount. 
 Although we currently intend to distribute any net capital gains at least annually, we can in the future decide to retain some or all of our net capital gains but designate the retained amount as a deemed distribution. In that case, among other consequences, we will pay tax on the retained amount, each U.S. stockholder will be required to include their share of the deemed distribution in income as if it had been distributed to the U.S. stockholder, and the U.S. stockholder will be entitled to claim a credit equal their allocable share of the tax paid on the deemed distribution by us. The amount of the deemed distribution net of such tax will be added to the U.S. stockholder s tax basis for their common stock. Since we expect to pay tax on any retained net capital gains at our regular corporate tax rate, and since that rate is in excess of the maximum rate currently payable by individuals on long-term capital gains, the amount of tax that individual stockholders will be treated as having paid and for which they will receive a credit will exceed the tax they owe on the retained net capital gain. Such excess generally could be claimed as a credit against the U.S. stockholder s other U.S. federal income tax obligations or could be refunded to the extent it exceeds a stockholder s liability for U.S. federal income tax. A stockholder that is not subject to U.S. federal income 
 37 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 tax or otherwise required to file a U.S. federal income tax return would be required to file a U.S. federal income tax return on the appropriate form in order to claim a refund for the taxes we paid. In order to utilize the deemed distribution approach, we must provide written notice to our stockholders prior to the expiration of 60 days after the close of the relevant taxable year. We cannot treat any of our investment company taxable income as a deemed distribution. 
 For purposes of determining (1) whether the Annual Distribution Requirement is satisfied for any tax year and (2) the amount of capital gain dividends paid for that tax year, we could, under certain circumstances, elect to treat a dividend that is paid during the following tax year as if it had been paid during the tax year in question. If we make such an election, the U.S. stockholder will still be treated as receiving the dividend in the tax year in which the distribution is made. However, any dividend declared by us in October, November or December of any calendar year, payable to stockholders of record on a specified date in such a month and actually paid during January of the following calendar year, will be treated as if it had been received by our U.S. stockholders on December 31 of the calendar year in which the dividend was declared. 
 If an investor purchases shares of our common stock shortly before the record date of a distribution, the price of the shares of our common stock will include the value of the distribution and the investor will be subject to tax on the distribution even though it represents a return of their investment. 
 A stockholder generally will recognize taxable gain or loss if the stockholder sells or otherwise disposes of their shares of our common stock. Any gain arising from such sale or disposition generally will be treated as long-term capital gain or loss if the stockholder has held their shares of common stock for more than one year. Otherwise, it would be classified as short-term capital gain or loss. However, any capital loss arising from the sale or disposition of shares of our common stock held for six months or less will be treated as long-term capital loss to the extent of the amount of capital gain dividends received, or undistributed capital gain deemed received, with respect to such shares. In addition, all or a portion of any loss recognized upon a disposition of shares of our common stock could be disallowed if other shares of our common stock are purchased (whether through reinvestment of distributions or otherwise) within 30 days before or after the disposition. In such a case, the basis of the common stock acquired will be increased to reflect the disallowed loss. 
 In general, individual U.S. stockholders are subject to a maximum U.S. federal income tax rate of either 15 or 20 (depending on whether the individual U.S. stockholder s income exceeds certain threshold amounts) on their net capital gain, i.e. , the excess of realized net long-term capital gain over realized net short-term capital loss for a taxable year, including a long-term capital gain derived from an investment in our shares of common stock. Such rate is lower than the maximum federal income tax rate on ordinary taxable income currently payable by individuals. Corporate U.S. stockholders currently are subject to U.S. federal income tax on net capital gain at the maximum 21 rate also applied to ordinary income. Non-corporate stockholders incurring net capital losses for a tax year i.e. , net capital losses in excess of net capital gains) generally can deduct up to 3,000 of such losses against their ordinary income each tax year any net capital losses of a non-corporate stockholder in excess of 3,000 generally could be carried forward and used in subsequent tax years as provided in the Code. Corporate stockholders generally cannot deduct any net capital losses for a tax year, but can carry back such losses for three tax years or carry forward such losses for five tax years. 
 We will send to each of our U.S. stockholders, as promptly as possible after the end of each calendar year, a notice detailing, on a per share and per distribution basis, the amounts includible in such U.S. stockholder s taxable income for such year as ordinary income and as long-term capital gain. In addition, the U.S. federal tax status of each calendar year s distributions generally will be reported to the IRS. Distributions can also be subject to additional state, local and foreign taxes depending on a U.S. stockholder s particular situation. Dividends distributed by us generally will not be eligible for the dividends-received deduction or the lower tax rates applicable to certain qualified dividends. 
 Until and unless we are treated as a publicly offered regulated investment company (within the meaning of Section 67 of the Code) as a result of either (i) shares of our common stock and our preferred stock collectively being held by at least 500 persons at all times during a taxable year or (ii) shares of our common stock being treated as regularly traded on an established securities market for any taxable year, for purposes of computing the taxable income of U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts or estates, (i) our earnings will be computed without taking into account such U.S. stockholders allocable shares of the management and incentive fees paid to our investment adviser and certain of our other expenses, (ii) each such U.S. stockholder will be treated as having received or accrued a dividend from us in the amount of such U.S. stockholder s allocable share of these fees and expenses for 
 38 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 such taxable year, (iii) each such U.S. stockholder will be treated as having paid or incurred such U.S. stockholder s allocable share of these fees and expenses for the calendar year and (iv) each such U.S. stockholder s allocable share of these fees and expenses will be treated as miscellaneous itemized deductions by such U.S. stockholder. For taxable years beginning before 2026, miscellaneous itemized deductions generally are not deductible by a U.S. stockholder that is an individual, trust or estate. For taxable years beginning in 2026 or later, miscellaneous itemized deductions are deductible only to the extent that the aggregate of such U.S. stockholder s miscellaneous itemized deductions exceeds 2 of such U.S. stockholder s adjusted gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes, are not deductible for purposes of determining a U.S. stockholder s liability for the U.S. federal alternative minimum tax and are subject to the overall limitation on itemized deductions under Section 68 of the Code. 
 Backup withholding, currently at a rate of 24 , could be applicable to all taxable distributions to any non-corporate U.S. stockholder (1) who fails to furnish us with a correct taxpayer identification number or a certificate that such stockholder is exempt from backup withholding or (2) with respect to whom the IRS notifies us that such stockholder has failed to properly report certain interest and dividend income to the IRS and to respond to notices to that effect. An individual s taxpayer identification number is his or her social security number. Any amount withheld under backup withholding is not an additional tax and is generally allowed as a credit against the U.S. stockholder s U.S. federal income tax liability and could entitle such stockholder to a refund, provided that proper information is timely provided to the IRS. 
 If a U.S. stockholder recognizes a loss with respect to shares of our common stock of 2 million or more for an individual stockholder or 10 million or more for a corporate stockholder, the stockholder must file with the IRS a disclosure statement on Form 8886. Direct stockholders of portfolio securities are in many cases exempted from this reporting requirement, but under current guidance, stockholders of a RIC are not exempted. The fact that a loss is reportable under these regulations does not affect the legal determination of whether the taxpayer s treatment of the loss is proper. U.S. stockholders should consult their tax advisors to determine the applicability of these regulations in light of their specific circumstances. 
 An additional 3.8 Medicare tax is imposed on certain net investment income (including ordinary dividends and capital gain distributions received from us and net gains from redemptions or other taxable dispositions of our shares) of U.S. individuals, estates and trusts to the extent that such person s modified adjusted gross income (in the case of an individual) or adjusted gross income (in the case of an estate or trust) exceed certain threshold amounts. 
 Taxation of Non-U.S. Stockholders 
 Whether an investment in the shares of our common stock is appropriate for a Non-U.S. stockholder will depend upon that person s particular circumstances. An investment in the shares of our common stock by a Non-U.S. stockholder could have adverse tax consequences. Non-U.S. stockholders should consult their tax advisors before investing in our common stock. 
 Subject to the discussion below, distributions of our investment company taxable income to Non-U.S. stockholders (including interest income, net short-term capital gain or foreign-source dividend and interest income, which generally would be free of withholding if paid to Non-U.S. stockholders directly) will be subject to withholding of U.S. federal tax at a 30 rate (or lower rate provided by an applicable treaty) to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits unless the distributions are effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business of the Non-U.S. stockholder, in which case the distributions will generally be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the rates applicable to U.S. persons. In that case, we will not be required to withhold U.S. federal tax if the Non-U.S. stockholder complies with applicable certification and disclosure requirements. Special certification requirements apply to a Non-U.S. stockholder that is a foreign partnership or a foreign trust, and such entities are urged to consult their own tax advisors. 
 Certain properly-designated dividends received by a Non-U.S. stockholder generally are exempt from U.S. federal withholding tax when they (1) are paid in respect of our qualified net interest income (generally, our U.S. source interest income, other than certain contingent interest and interest from obligations of a corporation or partnership in which we or the non-U.S. stockholder are at least a 10 stockholder, reduced by expenses that are allocable to such income), or (2) are paid in connection with our qualified short-term capital gains (generally, the excess of our net short-term capital gain over our long-term capital loss for a tax year) as well as if certain other requirements are satisfied. Nevertheless, it should be noted that in the case of shares of our stock held through an intermediary, the intermediary could have withheld U.S. federal income tax even if we designated the payment as an interest-related 
 39 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 dividend or short-term capital gain dividend. Moreover, depending on the circumstances, we could designate all, some or none of our potentially eligible dividends as derived from such qualified net interest income or as qualified short-term capital gains, or treat such dividends, in whole or in part, as ineligible for this exemption from withholding. 
 Actual or deemed distributions of our net capital gains to a Non-U.S. stockholder, and gains realized by a Non-U.S. stockholder upon the sale of our common stock, will not be subject to federal withholding tax and generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax unless the distributions or gains, as the case could be, are effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business of the Non-U.S. stockholder and, if an income tax treaty applies, are attributable to a permanent establishment maintained by the Non-U.S. stockholder in the United States or, in the case of an individual Non-U.S. stockholder, the stockholder is present in the United States for 183 days or more during the year of the sale or capital gain dividend and certain other conditions are met. 
 If we distribute our net capital gains in the form of deemed rather than actual distributions (which we could do in the future), a Non-U.S. stockholder will be entitled to a U.S. federal income tax credit or tax refund equal to the stockholder s allocable share of the tax we pay on the capital gains deemed to have been distributed. In order to obtain the refund, the Non-U.S. stockholder must obtain a U.S. taxpayer identification number and file a U.S. federal income tax return even if the Non-U.S. stockholder would not otherwise be required to obtain a U.S. taxpayer identification number or file a U.S. federal income tax return. For a corporate Non-U.S. stockholder, distributions (both actual and deemed), and gains realized upon the sale of our common stock that are effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business could, under certain circumstances, be subject to an additional branch profits tax at a 30 rate (or at a lower rate if provided for by an applicable treaty). 
 A Non-U.S. stockholder who is a non-resident alien individual, and who is otherwise subject to withholding of U.S. federal income tax, could be subject to information reporting and backup withholding of U.S. federal income tax on dividends unless the Non-U.S. stockholder provides us or the dividend paying agent with a U.S. nonresident withholding tax certification (e.g., an IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E, or an acceptable substitute form) or otherwise meets documentary evidence requirements for establishing that it is a Non-U.S. stockholder or otherwise establishes an exemption from backup withholding. 
 Pursuant to the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, or FATCA, the applicable withholding agent is generally required to withhold U.S. tax (at a 30 rate) with respect to payments of dividends made to certain non-U.S. entities that fail to comply (or be deemed compliant) with extensive reporting and withholding requirements designed to inform the U.S. Department of the Treasury of U.S.-owned foreign investment accounts. The information required to be reported include the identity and taxpayer identification number of each account holder and transaction activity within the holder s account. Stockholders could be requested to provide additional information to enable the applicable withholding agent to determine whether withholding is required. 
 An investment in shares by a non-U.S. person could also be subject to U.S. federal estate tax. Non-U.S. persons should consult their own tax advisors with respect to the U.S. federal income tax, U.S. federal estate tax, withholding tax, and state, local and foreign tax consequences of acquiring, owning or disposing of our common stock. 
 40 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 You should carefully consider these risk factors, together with all of the other information included in this annual report on Form 10-K and the other reports and documents filed by us with the SEC. The risks set out below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or not presently deemed material by us could also impair our operations and performance. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. In such case, our net asset value and the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risk factors described below are the principal risk factors associated with an investment in us as well as those factors generally associated with an investment company with investment objectives, investment policies, capital structure or trading markets similar to ours. 

Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure 
 We are subject to risks associated with the current interest rate environment and to the extent we use debt to finance our investments, changes in interest rates will affect our cost of capital and net investment income. 
 To the extent we borrow money or issue debt securities or preferred stock to make investments, our net investment income will depend, in part, upon the difference between the rate at which we borrow funds or pay interest or dividends on such debt securities or preferred stock and the rate at which we invest these funds. In addition, many of our debt investments and borrowings have floating interest rates that reset on a periodic basis, and many of our investments are subject to interest rate floors. As a result, a change in market interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our net investment income, in particular with respect to increases from current levels to the level of the interest rate floors on certain investments. In periods of rising interest rates, our cost of funds will increase because the interest rates on the amounts borrowed under our credit facilities or other financing arrangements are typically floating, which could reduce our net investment income to the extent any debt investments have fixed interest rates, and the interest rate on investments with an interest rate floor above current levels will not increase until interest rates exceed the applicable floor. 
 We can use interest rate risk management techniques in an effort to limit our exposure to interest rate fluctuations. Such techniques could include various interest rate hedging activities to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act and applicable commodities laws. These activities could limit our ability to participate in the benefits of lower interest rates with respect to the hedged borrowings. Adverse developments resulting from changes in interest rates or hedging transactions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 You should also be aware that a rise in the general level of interest rates typically will lead to higher interest rates applicable to our debt investments, which could result in an increase of the amount of incentive fees payable to GC Advisors. In addition, a decline in the prices of the debt we own could adversely affect our net asset value. Also, an increase in interest rates available to investors could make an investment in our common stock less attractive if we are not able to increase our distribution rate, which could reduce the value of our common stock. 
 We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities, which could reduce returns and result in losses. 
 A number of entities compete with us to make the types of investments that we plan to make and we believe that recent market trends, including sustained periods of low interest rates, have increased the number of competitors seeking to invest in loans to private, middle market companies in the United States. We compete with public and private funds, commercial and investment banks, commercial financing companies and, to the extent they provide an alternative form of financing, private equity and hedge funds. Many of our competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, we believe some of our competitors could have access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors could have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than us. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a business development company or the source of income, asset diversification and distribution requirements we must satisfy to maintain our qualification as a RIC. The competitive pressures we face could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. As a result of this competition, we can provide no assurance that we will be 
 41 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 able to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities that arise from time to time, and we can provide no assurance that we will be able to identify and make investments that are consistent with our investment objective. 
 The amount of capital in the private debt markets and overall competition for loans could result in short term returns for us that are lower than our long-term targets. In addition, one of the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic has been a decrease in the number of new investment opportunities in U.S. middle market companies during 2020, and we can offer no assurance about when, or if, the number of U.S. middle market company investing opportunities will equal or exceed those available prior to the COVID-19 pandemic. In the event these conditions continue for an extended amount of time, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Identifying, structuring and consummating investments involves competition among capital providers and market and transaction uncertainty. GC Advisors can provide no assurance that it will be able to identify a sufficient number of suitable investment opportunities or to avoid prepayment of existing investments to satisfy our investment objectives, including as necessary to effectively structure credit facilities or other forms of leverage. 
 The loan origination market is very competitive, which can result in loan terms that are more favorable to borrowers, and conversely less favorable to lenders, such as lower interest rates and fees, weaker borrower financial and other covenants, borrower rights to cure defaults, and other terms more favorable to borrowers than current or historical norms. Increased competition could cause us to make more loans that are cov-lite in nature and, in a distressed scenario, there can be no assurance that these loans will retain the same value as loans with a full package of covenants. As a result of these conditions, the market for leveraged loans could become less advantageous than expected for us, and this could increase default rates, decrease recovery rates or otherwise harm our returns. The risk of prepayment is also higher in the current competitive environment if borrowers are offered more favorable terms by other lenders. The financial markets have experienced substantial fluctuations in prices and liquidity for leveraged loans. Any further disruption in the credit and other financial markets could have substantial negative effects on general economic conditions, the availability of required capital for companies and the operating performance of such companies. These conditions also could result in increased default rates and credit downgrades, and affect the liquidity and pricing of the investments made by us. Conversely, periods of economic stability and increased competition among capital providers could increase the difficulty of locating investments that are desirable for us. 
 With respect to the investments we make, we do not seek to compete based primarily on the interest rates we offer, and we believe that some of our competitors could make loans with interest rates that will be lower than the rates we offer. In the secondary market for acquiring existing loans, we compete generally on the basis of pricing terms. With respect to all investments, we could lose some investment opportunities if we do not match our competitors pricing, terms and structure. However, if we match our competitors pricing, terms and structure, we could experience decreased net interest income, lower yields and increased risk of credit loss. We will also compete for investment opportunities with accounts managed or sponsored by GC Advisors or its affiliates. Although GC Advisors allocates opportunities in accordance with its allocation policy, allocations to such other accounts will reduce the amount and frequency of opportunities available to us and thus not necessarily be in the best interests of us and our securityholders. Moreover, the performance of investments will not be known at the time of allocation. 
 Rising interest rates could make it more difficult for portfolio companies to make periodic payments on their loans. 
 Interest rate risk refers to the risk of market changes in interest rates. Interest rate changes affect the value of debt. In general, rising interest rates will negatively impact the price of fixed rate debt, and falling interest rates will have a positive effect on price. Adjustable rate debt also reacts to interest rate changes in a similar manner, although generally to a lesser degree. Interest rate sensitivity is generally larger and less predictable in debt with uncertain payment or prepayment schedules. Further, rising interest rates make it more difficult for borrowers to repay debt, which could increase the risk of payment defaults. Any failure of one or more portfolio companies to repay or refinance its debt at or prior to maturity or the inability of one or more portfolio companies to make ongoing payments following an increase in contractual interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 42 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 We are subject to risks associated with the discontinuation of LIBOR, which will affect our cost of capital and net investment income. 
 In July 2017, the Financial Conduct Authority, or the FCA, announced its intention to cease sustaining LIBOR by the end of 2021. The FCA s intention is that, after 2021, it will no longer be necessary for the FCA to persuade or compel banks to submit to LIBOR due to the development of alternative benchmark rates, which the FCA suggested should be based on transactions and not on reference rates that do not have active underlying markets to support them. In April 2018, the New York Federal Reserve Bank began publishing its alternative rate, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate or SOFR. The Bank of England followed suit in April 2018 by publishing its proposed alternative rate, the Sterling Overnight Index Average, or SONIA. Each of SOFR and SONIA significantly differ from LIBOR, both in the actual rate and how it is calculated, and therefore it is unclear whether and when markets will adopt either of these rates as a widely accepted replacement for LIBOR. 
 On November 30, 2020, LIBOR s administrator, the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, or the IBA, announced a consultation beginning in early December 2020 on its intention to cease the publication of the one-week and two-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings immediately following the LIBOR publication on December 31, 2021, and the remaining U.S. dollar LIBOR settings, including one-month LIBOR, immediately following the LIBOR publication on June 30, 2023. On March 5, 2021, the FCA released an announcement confirming that such LIBOR settings would cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative as of the dates specified in the IBA proposal, and confirmed that the FCA does not expect any LIBOR settings will become unrepresentative before such dates. The IBA closed the consultation for feedback at the end of January 2021. Concurrent with the IBA s proposal, the Federal Reserve Board, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation released a statement that (i) encouraged banks to cease entering into new contracts that use U.S. dollar LIBOR as a reference rate as soon as practicable and in any event by December 31, 2021, (ii) indicated that new contracts entered into before December 31, 2021 should either utilize a reference rate other than U.S. dollar LIBOR or have robust fallback language that includes a clearly defined alternative reference rate after U.S. dollar LIBOR s discontinuation and (iii) explained that extending the publication of certain U.S. dollar LIBOR tenors until June 30, 2023 would allow most legacy U.S. dollar LIBOR contracts to mature before LIBOR experiences disruptions. On March 8, 2021, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee confirmed that in its opinion the March 5, 2021 announcements by the IBA and the FCA on the future cessation and loss of the representativeness of the LIBOR benchmark rates constitutes a benchmark transition event with respect to all U.S. dollar LIBOR settings. A benchmark transition event may cause, or allow for, certain contracts to replace LIBOR with an alternative reference rate and such replacement could have a material and adverse impact on the CLO market, the leveraged loan market and or us. 
 On July 29, 2021, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee formally announced that it recommends the Chicago Mercantile Exchange s forward-looking SOFR term rates for use in business loans, including securities backed by such assets. However, forward-looking SOFR term rates will not be representative of three-month LIBOR, and there is no requirement that the Chicago Mercantile Exchange continue to publish forward-looking SOFR term rates, in which case we, our lenders, and our portfolio company borrowers may be required to use other measurements of SOFR, as applicable. 
 As such, if LIBOR in its current form does not survive and a replacement rate is not widely agreed upon or if a replacement rate is significantly different from LIBOR, it could cause a disruption in the credit markets generally. Such a disruption could also negatively impact the market value and or transferability of our portfolio company investments. Furthermore, disruptions related to loans and or other debt financing securitizations (CLOs) in the marketplace could have a material adverse effect on the ability of GC Advisors or its affiliates to enter into loans in the future in accordance with our investment strategy and have a material adverse effect on us. We could also be materially and adversely impacted to the extent GC Advisors or its affiliates are unable to successfully implement an acceptable replacement rate in leverage utilized by us or if there is a prolonged period of mismatch on the interest rates on the interest rates payable on our leverage and our portfolio investments as a result of the continued publication of LIBOR. Further, if LIBOR does not survive and a replacement rate is not widely agreed upon, the mismatch on the interest rates payable by any leverage incurred by us and the interest rate payable on the portfolio company investments could result in a decrease in our net investment income and distributions we are able to pay to our stockholders. 
 43 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 We are dependent upon GC Advisors for our success and upon its access to the investment professionals and partners of Golub Capital and its affiliates. 
 We do not have any internal management capacity or employees. We rely on GC Advisors to manage and conduct our affairs and make all investment decisions. Subject to the oversight of our board of directors, GC Advisors has sole discretion in originating, structuring, negotiating, purchasing, financing and eventually divesting our investments, and our investors will not be able to evaluate for themselves the merits of particular investments prior to us making such investments. We depend on the diligence, skill and network of business contacts of the senior investment professionals of GC Advisors to achieve our investment objective. GC Advisors investment committee, which consists of two members of our board of directors and additional employees of Golub Capital LLC, provides oversight over our investment activities. We also cannot assure you that we will replicate the historical results achieved by members of the investment committee, and we caution you that our investment returns could be substantially lower than the returns achieved by them in prior periods. We expect that GC Advisors will evaluate, negotiate, structure, close and monitor our investments in accordance with the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement. We can offer no assurance, however, that the senior investment professionals of GC Advisors will continue to provide investment advice to us. If these individuals do not maintain their existing relationships with Golub Capital LLC and its affiliates and do not develop new relationships with other sources of investment opportunities, we can provide no assurance that GC Advisors or its affiliates will be able to identify appropriate replacements or grow our investment portfolio. The loss of any member of GC Advisors investment committee or of other senior investment professionals of GC Advisors and its affiliates would limit our ability to achieve our investment objective and operate as we anticipate. This could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 The Staffing Agreement provides that Golub Capital LLC makes available to GC Advisors experienced investment professionals and provides access to the senior investment personnel of Golub Capital LLC for purposes of evaluating, negotiating, structuring, closing and monitoring our investments. We are not a party to the Staffing Agreement and cannot assure you that Golub Capital LLC will fulfill its obligations under the agreement. If Golub Capital LLC fails to perform, we cannot assure you that GC Advisors will enforce the Staffing Agreement, that such agreement will not be terminated by either party or that we will continue to have access to the investment professionals of Golub Capital LLC and its affiliates or their information and deal flow. 
 Our business model depends to a significant extent upon strong referral relationships with sponsors and investing in companies backed by private equity sponsors. Any inability of GC Advisors to maintain or develop these relationships, or the failure of these relationships to generate investment opportunities, could adversely affect our business. 
 GC Advisors is highly dependent on relationships with private equity sponsors in connection with the sourcing of investments. If private equity sponsors find new sources of debt capital that are more advantageous to them, or if GC Advisors suffers reputational harm such that it becomes a less attractive source of capital for private equity sponsors, GC Advisors could have difficulty finding and sourcing new middle market debt investments. Private equity sponsors could experience financial distress, which could be related or unrelated to the portfolio companies to which we have exposure. Once in financial distress, such sponsors likely would be unable to provide the same level of managerial, operating or financial support to such portfolio companies, resulting in an increased risk of default or inability to repay remaining principal at maturity. 
 From time to time, we expect to have direct or indirect exposure to companies controlled by private equity sponsors in which the sponsors have completed one or more dividend recapitalizations, thereby allowing the private equity sponsor to substantially reduce or eliminate its net investment in an underlying portfolio company. These investments generally present different investment characteristics to us than investments where a private equity sponsor retains a significant net contributed capital position in the company. These investments could experience a higher rate of default. Even when a default does not occur, private equity sponsors could be less willing to provide ongoing financial, managerial or operating support to a portfolio company after it has received one or more capital distributions on its investment. 
 We believe that purchase price multiples of companies (as measured by the price paid by a private equity sponsor to purchase a company divided by the company s trailing twelve-month earnings) to which we have direct or indirect exposure are close to all-time highs. When considering the appropriate amount of financing to provide a prospective borrower, GC Advisors considers the value cushion as measured by the difference between the enterprise value of the company and the total amount of financing. If market purchase price multiples decline or if a portfolio company 
 44 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 experiences financial distress, the value cushion supporting our investment could deteriorate and the investment could become impaired, resulting in losses for us. The risk of such losses for us are greater during periods when purchase price multiples are close to all-time highs. 
 We can provide no assurance that we will be able to replicate the historical results achieved by other entities managed or sponsored by members of GC Advisors investment committee, or by GC Advisors or its affiliates. 
 Potential investors are cautioned that past investment performance of similar portfolios and other investment vehicles managed by GC Advisors or its affiliates is not indicative of how we will perform. Our investments could differ from some existing accounts and funds that are or have been sponsored or managed by members of GC Advisors investment committee, GC Advisors or affiliates of GC Advisors. Investors in our securities are not acquiring an interest in any accounts that are or have been sponsored or managed by members of GC Advisors investment committee, GC Advisors or affiliates of GC Advisors. We often co-invest in portfolio investments with other accounts sponsored or managed by members of GC Advisors investment committee, GC Advisors or its affiliates. Such investments are subject to regulatory limitations and approvals by directors who are not interested persons, as defined in the 1940 Act. We can offer no assurance, however, that we will obtain such approvals or develop opportunities that comply with such limitations. We also cannot assure you that we will replicate the historical results achieved by members of the investment committee, and we caution you that our investment returns could be substantially lower than the returns achieved by them in prior periods. Additionally, all or a portion of the prior results were achieved in particular market conditions that might never be repeated. Moreover, current or future market volatility and regulatory uncertainty can have an adverse impact on our future performance. 
 Our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows depend on our ability to manage our business effectively. 
 Our ability to achieve our investment objective depends on our ability to manage our business and to grow. This depends, in turn, on GC Advisors ability to identify, invest in and monitor companies that meet our investment criteria. The achievement of our investment objectives on a cost-effective basis depends upon GC Advisors execution of our investment process, its ability to provide competent, attentive and efficient services to us and, to a lesser extent, our access to financing on acceptable terms. GC Advisors has substantial responsibilities under the Investment Advisory Agreement, as well as responsibilities in connection with the management of other accounts sponsored or managed by GC Advisors, members of GC Advisors investment committee or Golub Capital LLC and its affiliates. The personnel of the Administrator and its affiliates could be called upon to provide managerial assistance to our portfolio companies. These activities could distract them or slow our rate of investment. Any failure to manage our business and our future growth effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 There are significant potential conflicts of interest that could affect our investment returns. 
 As a result of our arrangements with GC Advisors and its affiliates and GC Advisors investment committee, there will be times when GC Advisors or such persons have interests that differ from those of our security holders, giving rise to a conflict of interest, many of which are described in the following risk factors. GC Advisors attempts to identify, monitor and mitigate conflicts of interest. Further, GC Advisors has implemented policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure its clients are treated fairly and equitably over time. GC Advisors believes that these factors, together with Golub Capital s commitment to put investors first, effectively mitigate the risks associated with such conflicts of interest. However, it can be difficult to ensure that conflicts of interest do not adversely affect us. 
 There are conflicts related to the obligations of GC Advisors investment committee, GC Advisors or its affiliates have to other clients and conflicts related to fees and expenses of such other clients. 
 The members of GC Advisors investment committee serve as officers, directors or principals of entities that operate in the same or a related line of business as we do or of accounts sponsored or managed by GC Advisors or its affiliates. Currently, our directors and certain of our officers also serve as directors and officers of GBDC 3 and GDLC, each a closed-end, non-diversified management investment company that has also elected to be regulated as a business development company under the 1940 Act. Similarly, GC Advisors and its affiliates manage other clients with similar or competing investment objectives. 
 GC Advisors' management team will share its time and attention between us and other investment vehicles and accounts. Neither we nor any investor in us unaffiliated with GC Advisors will have any rights in or to independent 
 45 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 ventures of GC Advisors or its affiliates or in the income or profits derived therefrom. GC Advisors does not expect to have any dedicated personnel who spend all or substantially all of their time managing our investing activities. 
 In serving in these multiple capacities, GC Advisors and its personnel have obligations to other clients or investors in those entities, the fulfillment of which could conflict with the best interests of us or our stockholders. For example, the economic disruption and uncertainty precipitated by the COVID-19 pandemic has required GC Advisors and its affiliates to devote additional time and focus to existing portfolio companies in which other funds and accounts managed by GC Advisors and its affiliates hold investments. The allocation of time and focus by personnel of GC Advisors and its affiliates to these existing portfolio company investments held by other funds and accounts could reduce the time that such individuals have to spend on our investing activities. 
 Our investment objective overlaps with the investment objectives of other affiliated accounts. For example, GC Advisors and its affiliates currently manage GBDC 3, GDLC and multiple private funds and separate accounts that pursue an investment strategy similar to ours, some of which will seek additional capital from time to time. We compete with these and other accounts sponsored or managed by GC Advisors and its affiliates for capital and investment opportunities. As a result, GC Advisors and its affiliates face conflicts in the allocation of investment opportunities among us and other accounts advised by or affiliated with GC Advisors and, in certain circumstances, in the timing of the sale of an investment. Certain of these accounts provide for higher management or incentive fees, allow GC Advisors to recover greater expense reimbursements or overhead allocations, and or permit GC Advisors and its affiliates to receive higher origination and other transaction fees, all of which could contribute to this conflict of interest and create an incentive for GC Advisors to favor such other accounts. For example, the 1940 Act restricts GC Advisors from receiving more than a 1 fee in connection with loans that we acquire, or originate, a limitation that does not exist for certain other accounts. GC Advisors seeks to allocate investment opportunities among eligible accounts in a manner that is fair and equitable over time and consistent with its allocation policy. However, we can offer no assurance that such opportunities will be allocated to us fairly or equitably in the short-term or over time, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to participate in all investment opportunities that are suitable to us. Furthermore, because allocations under GC Advisors allocation policy are based on total capital of the relevant investing funds, including us, we expect to receive smaller allocations relative to larger accounts, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows during such ramp-up period. With respect to the sale of investments, the sale of an investment by one account advised by GC Advisors or its affiliates could potentially adversely affect the market value of the interests in such investment that continue to be held by other accounts, including us. 
 GC Advisors investment committee, GC Advisors or its affiliates could, from time to time, possess material non-public information, limiting our investment discretion. 
 Principals of GC Advisors and its affiliates and members of GC Advisors investment committee could serve as directors of, or in a similar capacity with, companies in which we invest, the securities of which are purchased or sold on our behalf. In the event that material non-public information is obtained with respect to such companies, or we become subject to trading restrictions under the internal trading policies of those companies or as a result of applicable law or regulations, we could be prohibited for a period of time from purchasing or selling the securities of such companies, and this prohibition could have an adverse effect on us. 
 Our management and incentive fee structure creates incentives for GC Advisors that are not fully aligned with the interests of our stockholders and could induce GC Advisors to make certain investments, including speculative investments. 
 In the course of our investing activities, we pay management and incentive fees to GC Advisors. The management fee is based on our average adjusted gross assets and the incentive fee is computed and paid on income and capital gains, both of which include leverage. As a result, investors in our common stock will invest on a gross basis and receive distributions on a net basis after expenses, resulting in a lower rate of return than one could achieve through direct investments. Because these fees are based on the fair value of our average adjusted gross assets, GC Advisors benefits when we incur debt or use leverage. The use of leverage increases the likelihood of default on our debt or other leverage, which would disfavor our securityholders. 
 Additionally, the incentive fee payable by us to GC Advisors could create an incentive for GC Advisors to cause us to realize capital gains or losses that are not in the best interests of us or our stockholders. Under the incentive fee structure, GC Advisors benefits when we recognize capital gains and, because GC Advisors determines when an investment is sold, GC Advisors controls the timing of the recognition of such capital gains. Our board of directors 
 46 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 is charged with protecting our stockholders interests by monitoring how GC Advisors addresses these and other conflicts of interest associated with its management services and compensation. 
 The part of the management and incentive fees payable to GC Advisors that relates to our net investment income is computed and paid on income that includes interest income that has been accrued but not yet received in cash, such as market discount, debt instruments with PIK interest, preferred stock with PIK dividends, zero coupon securities, and other deferred interest instruments. This compensation arrangement creates an incentive for GC Advisors to make investments on our behalf that are riskier or more speculative, including debt financings that provide for deferred interest, rather than current cash payments of interest. Under these investments, we accrue the interest over the life of the investment but do not receive the cash income from the investment until the end of the term. Our net investment income used to calculate the income portion of our investment fee, however, includes accrued interest. GC Advisors has an incentive to invest in deferred interest securities in circumstances where it would not have done so but for the opportunity to continue to earn the fees even when the issuers of the deferred interest securities would not be able to make actual cash payments to us on such securities. This risk could be increased because GC Advisors is not obligated to reimburse us for any fees received even if we subsequently incur losses or never receive in cash the deferred income that was previously accrued. 
 Our securities may be purchased by GC Advisors or its affiliates. 
 Affiliates of GC Advisors have purchased, and GC Advisors and its affiliates in the future expect to purchase, certain of our securities. The purchase of our securities, including shares of our common stock, by GC Advisors and its affiliates could create certain risks. For example, GC Advisors and its affiliates may have an interest in disposing of our securities at a date that differs from that of our other investors so as to recover their investment in such securities. 
 The valuation process for certain of our portfolio holdings creates a conflict of interest. 
 The majority of our portfolio investments are expected to be made in the form of securities that are not publicly traded. As a result, our board of directors will determine the fair value of these securities in good faith. Valuations of private investments and private companies require judgment, are inherently uncertain, often fluctuate and are frequently based on estimates. It is possible that determinations of fair value will differ materially from the values that would have been used if an active market for these investments existed. If determinations regarding the fair value of investments were materially higher than the values that were ultimately realized upon the sale of such investments, the returns to our investors would be adversely affected. 
 In connection with that determination, investment professionals from GC Advisors will provide our board of directors with portfolio company valuations based upon the most recent portfolio company financial statements available and projected financial results of each portfolio company. The participation of GC Advisors investment professionals in our valuation process, and the indirect pecuniary interest in GC Advisors by Lawrence E. Golub and David B. Golub, results in a conflict of interest as GC Advisors management fee is based, in part, on our average adjusted gross assets and our capital gain and subordinated liquidation incentive fees are based, in part, on unrealized gains and losses. 
 Conflicts related to other arrangements with GC Advisors or its affiliates. 
 We have entered into a license agreement with Golub Capital LLC under which Golub Capital LLC has granted us a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the name Golub Capital. See Management Agreements License Agreement. In addition, we pay to the Administrator our allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, such as rent and our allocable portion of the cost of our chief financial officer and chief compliance officer and their respective staffs. These arrangements create conflicts of interest, including in the allocation of expenses and the enforcement of the respective agreements, that our board of directors must monitor. 
 Our ability to enter into transactions with our affiliates will be restricted, which could limit the scope of investments available to us. 
 We are prohibited under the 1940 Act from participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of our independent directors and, in some cases, the SEC. Any person that owns, directly or indirectly, five percent or more of our outstanding voting securities is our affiliate for purposes of the 1940 Act, and we are generally prohibited from buying or selling any security from or to such affiliate, absent the prior approval of our independent directors. GC Advisors and its affiliates are considered our affiliates for such purposes. The 1940 Act also prohibits certain joint transactions with certain of our affiliates, which could include investments in the same 
 47 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 portfolio company, without prior approval of our independent directors and, in some cases, the SEC. We are prohibited from buying or selling any security from or to, among others, any person who owns more than 25 of our voting securities or certain of that person s affiliates, or entering into prohibited joint transactions with such persons, absent the prior approval of the SEC. 
 We can, however, invest alongside GC Advisors and its affiliates other clients in certain circumstances where doing so is consistent with applicable law, SEC staff, or Staff, interpretations, and the co-investment exemptive relief order from the SEC. For example, we can invest alongside such accounts consistent with guidance promulgated by the Staff permitting us and such other accounts to purchase interests in a single class of privately placed securities so long as certain conditions are met, including that GC Advisors, acting on our behalf and on behalf of its other clients, negotiates no term other than price. We can also invest alongside GC Advisors other clients as otherwise permissible under regulatory guidance, applicable regulations and GC Advisors allocation policy. Under this allocation policy, GC Advisors will determine the amount of any proposed investment to be made by us and similar eligible accounts. We expect that these determinations will be made similarly for other accounts sponsored or managed by GC Advisors and its affiliates. If sufficient securities or loan amounts are available to satisfy our and each such account s proposed investment, the opportunity will be allocated in accordance with GC Advisors pre-transaction determination. Where there is an insufficient amount of an investment opportunity to fully satisfy us and other accounts sponsored or managed by GC Advisors or its affiliates, the allocation policy further provides that allocations among us and other accounts will generally be made pro rata based on the relative capital available for investment of each of us and such other eligible accounts, subject to minimum and maximum investment size limits. In situations in which co-investment with other entities sponsored or managed by GC Advisors or its affiliates is not permitted or appropriate, GC Advisors will need to decide whether we or such other entity or entities will proceed with the investment. GC Advisors will make these determinations based on its policies and procedures, which generally require that such opportunities be offered to eligible accounts on a basis that will be fair and equitable over time, including, for example, through random or rotational methods. However, we can offer no assurance that investment opportunities will be allocated to us fairly or equitably in the short-term or over time. 
 On occasion, an investment opportunity will be too large to satisfy our desired position size and that of other investment funds and accounts managed by GC Advisors and its affiliates. GC Advisors can provide no assurance that it will be able to identify counterparties to participate in such investment opportunities, and could be required to decline to make investments where it does not believe that it can successfully sell some of the investment opportunity to another market participant. 
 In situations in which co-investment with other accounts sponsored or managed by GC Advisors or its affiliates is not permitted or appropriate, such as when, in the absence of the exemptive relief described below, we and such other accounts cannot make investments in the same issuer or where the different investments could be expected to result in a conflict between our interest and those of other accounts, GC Advisors needs to decide whether we or such other accounts will proceed with such investments. GC Advisors makes these determinations based on its policies and procedures, which generally require that such investment opportunities be offered to eligible accounts on a basis that is fair and equitable over time, including, for example, through random or rotational methods. Moreover, we generally will be unable to invest in an issuer in which an account sponsored or managed by GC Advisors or its affiliates has previously invested. Similar restrictions limit our ability to transact business with our officers or directors or their affiliates. These restrictions limit the scope of investment opportunities that would otherwise be available to us. 
 On February 27, 2017, GC Advisors and certain other funds and accounts sponsored or managed by GC Advisors and its affiliates, received exemptive relief from the SEC to permit greater flexibility to negotiate the terms of co-investments if our board of directors determines that it would be advantageous for us to co-invest with other accounts sponsored or managed by GC Advisors or its affiliates in a manner consistent with our investment objectives, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors. Under the terms of this exemptive relief, a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of our independent directors is required to make certain conclusions in connection with a co-investment transaction, including that (1) the terms of the proposed transaction are reasonable and fair to us and our stockholders and do not involve overreaching of us or our stockholders on the part of any person concerned and (2) the transaction is consistent with the interests of our stockholders and is consistent with our investment strategies and policies. We believe that co-investment by us and accounts sponsored or managed by GC Advisors and its affiliates will afford us additional investment opportunities and the ability to achieve greater diversification. There could be many follow-on 
 48 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 opportunities available to other entities advised by GC Advisors and its affiliates that are unavailable to us due to the limitations of the exemptive relief granted to GC Advisors and its affiliates. 
 Although the terms of the exemptive relief require that GC Advisors will be given the opportunity to cause us to participate in certain transactions originated by affiliates of GC Advisors, GC Advisors may determine that we not participate in those transactions and for certain other transactions (as set forth in certain criteria approved by our board of directors) GC Advisors may not have the opportunity to cause us to participate. In addition, even if we and any such other entities sponsored or managed by GC Advisors or its affiliates invest in the same securities or loans, conflicts of interest may still arise. For example, it is possible that, as a result of legal, tax, regulatory, accounting, political or other considerations, the terms of such investment (and divestment thereof) (including with respect to price and timing) for us and such other entities advised by GC Advisors and its affiliates could differ. Additionally, we and such other entities advised by GC Advisors and its affiliates will generally have different investment periods and or investment objectives (including return profiles) and, as a result, have conflicting goals with respect to the price and timing of disposition opportunities. As such, to the extent permissible under applicable law and any applicable order issued by the SEC, we and such other entities could dispose of co-investments at different times and on different terms. 
 We have entered into the Adviser Revolver resulting in a conflict of interest between GC Advisors obligation to act in its own best interest and in our best interest. 
 We have entered into the Adviser Revolver, an unsecured revolving loan agreement with GC Advisors. GC Advisors has a conflict of interest between its obligation to act in our best interest and its own best interest. Any such loans or advances made to us under the Adviser Revolver will be consistent with applicable law, GC Advisors fiduciary obligations to act in our best interests, our investment objectives, and the asset coverage ratio requirements under the 1940 Act. The terms associated with any such loans from GC Advisors or its affiliates, including the interest charged, shall, in the aggregate, be no more favorable to GC Advisors or its affiliates than could be obtained in an arm s length transaction but will not necessarily be on the same terms or at the same interest rate charged by GC Advisors to other funds that it manages. Neither GC Advisors nor any of its affiliates is obligated to extend any such loans to us and such loans will not necessarily be made available to us in the same amounts or on the same economic terms as are made available to other funds advised by GC Advisors or its affiliates, or at all. In the event that we are required to find third party financing in place of or in addition to loans from GC Advisors and its affiliates, such third party financing could be at less favorable economic terms than the loans from GC Advisors and its affiliates, which could reduce our returns. 
 GC Advisors could make certain investment decisions for the purpose of receiving transaction fees. 
 In connection with investments made by us, GC Advisors and its affiliates often receive origination, commitment, documentation, structuring, facility, monitoring, amendment, refinancing, administrative agent and or other fees from portfolio investments in which we invest or propose to invest. The potential for GC Advisors and its affiliates to receive such economic benefits creates conflicts of interest as GC Advisors and its affiliates have an incentive to invest in portfolio investments that provide such benefits. Similarly, GC Advisors and its affiliates could be incentivized to waive certain fees in connection with a refinancing in order to receive certain fees in the new transaction, including when we and or other accounts advised by GC Advisors and its affiliates can participate in the original or refinanced investment, or both. 
 Reductions, waivers or absorptions of fees and costs can temporarily result in higher returns to investors than they would otherwise receive if full fees and costs were charged. 
 GC Advisors and its affiliates are permitted to reduce, waive or absorb some of the fees or costs otherwise due by us. While this activity can be seen as friendly to investors, reductions, waivers and absorptions of fees and costs result in higher returns to investors than such investors would receive if full fees and costs were charged. There is no guarantee that such reductions, waivers or absorptions will occur in the future, and any reductions, waivers and absorptions are entirely at the discretion of GC Advisors or the Administrator, as applicable. 
 GC Advisors could prioritize its relationship with a borrower or private equity sponsor instead of seeking the most advantageous terms for our investments. 
 GC Advisors will not make any investment on behalf of us that it does not believe to be in our best interest. However, conflicts can arise in any particular transaction between obtaining the most advantageous terms for an investment, which benefits us and other clients of GC Advisors participating in that investment, and maintaining GC 
 49 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Advisors relationship with a borrower or private equity sponsor, which likely serves the long-term best interests of GC Advisors clients overall, including us. For example, affiliates of GC Advisors hold relatively small, minority investments in unaffiliated private equity funds, which arguably creates an incentive for GC Advisors to cause us to invest in portfolio companies owned by such private equity funds and to treat such portfolio companies more favorably in a workout situation. As another example of the conflicts that could arise, GC Advisors is permitted to reduce or waive transaction or prepayment fees, offer loan terms that are more favorable to the borrower (and conversely, less favorable to us), accept a below target position size, agree to amend certain terms or waive existing terms or defaults or make other similar concessions to maintain or improve a relationship with a private equity sponsor or borrower, which GC Advisors believes will increase the likelihood of repeat business that will benefit us and GC Advisors other clients. 
 GC Advisors operates in multiple business lines and could pursue additional business lines, which could create a conflict of interest in the allocation of its time and focus. 
 While Golub Capital maintains two major business lines, it has explored and will continue to explore opportunities outside these business lines. Such activity could adversely affect us. These risks include reputational damage, loss of management attention and time due to multiple constraints, regulatory sanctions, adverse impact to business relationships, increased competition of capital allocations, and expansion of potential risks to GC Advisors business as a whole outside those previously disclosed. New business lines could also exacerbate existing conflicts of interest and raise new conflicts. 
 Investors should be aware that other lines of business at Golub Capital could indirectly affect their investment in us, even if we are not directly exposed to those lines of business. While GC Advisors and its affiliates keep each investment client as a legally distinct entity or account, there are risks that a separate business line suffering a material adverse condition could affect other business lines to which we have direct exposure, and consequently, our performance. These risks could materially affect GC Advisors business as a whole, and include loss of reputation, loss of management time and focus, regulatory sanctions, and adverse impact to business relationships. 
 Golub Capital could pursue strategic transactions, which could create a conflict of interest in the allocation of 
 GC Advisors time and focus. 
 Golub Capital could engage in any number of strategic transactions, including acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, new business formations, restructurings, launches of new investment fund strategies and structures or even a fund that pursues a strategy that is different than what Golub Capital has historically focused on, such as a private equity fund of funds. Additionally, Golub Capital could sell stakes in itself or in its affiliates or acquire stakes in other asset managers, service providers or investment vehicles, including to or from investors in the Company. In August 2018, Golub Capital sold a passive, non-voting minority stake in its management companies. While Golub Capital has not subsequently engaged in any material strategic transactions, it could do so in the future. 
 Strategic transactions are subject to many risks, such as the risk that the transaction might not be successful in meeting its strategic goals, or the risk that the transaction might divert the attention of the Investment Manager from the core investment activities of the Fund, or the risk that the management team will not be successful in developing and operating the underlying business involved in the strategic transaction. 
 We and GC Advisors could be the target of litigation or regulatory investigations. 
 We as well as GC Advisors and its affiliates participate in a highly regulated industry and are each subject to regulatory examinations in the ordinary course of business. There can be no assurance that we and GC Advisors and or any of its affiliates will avoid regulatory investigation and possible enforcement actions stemming therefrom. GC Advisors is a registered investment adviser and, as such, is subject to the provisions of the Investment Advisers Act. We and GC Advisors are each, from time to time, subject to formal and informal examinations, investigations, inquiries, audits and reviews from numerous regulatory authorities both in response to issues and questions raised in such examinations or investigations and in connection with the changing priorities of the applicable regulatory authorities across the market in general. 
 There is also a material risk that applicable governmental authorities and regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions will continue to adopt new laws or regulations (such as tax, privacy and anti-money laundering laws or regulations), or change existing laws or regulations, or enhance the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and regulations, in each case in a manner that is burdensome for GC Advisors and for us. Any such events or changes could occur during the term of the Company and could adversely affect us or GC Advisors and GC 
 50 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Advisors ability to operate and or pursue its management strategies on behalf of us. Further, any such events or changes could adversely affect obligors ability to make payments on loans to which we are directly or indirectly exposed or otherwise adversely affect the value of such investments. Such risks are often difficult or impossible to predict, avoid or mitigate in advance. As a result, there can be no assurance that any of the foregoing will not have an adverse impact on the business of GC Advisors and or any of its affiliates or our performance. From time to time, GC Advisors and its affiliates could take certain actions that they determine are necessary, appropriate or in the best interests of us and our stockholders, taken as a whole, to mitigate the application or impact of certain laws or regulations. 
 GC Advisors, its affiliates and or any of their respective principals and employees could also be named as defendants in, or otherwise become involved in, litigation. Litigation and regulatory actions can be time-consuming and expensive and can lead to unexpected losses, which expenses and losses are often subject to indemnification by us. Legal proceedings could continue without resolution for long periods of time and their outcomes, which could materially and adversely affect the value of us or the ability of GC Advisors to manage us, are often impossible to anticipate. GC Advisors would likely be required to expend significant resources responding to any litigation or regulatory action related to it, and these actions could be a distraction to the activities of GC Advisors. 
 Our investment activities are subject to the normal risks of becoming involved in litigation by third parties. This risk would be somewhat greater if we were to exercise control or significant influence over a portfolio company s direction. The expense of defending against claims by third parties and paying any amounts pursuant to settlements or judgments would, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence, or reckless disregard of the duties involved by GC Advisors, the Administrator, or any of our officers, be borne by us and would reduce our net assets. GC Advisors and others are indemnified by us in connection with such litigation, subject to certain conditions. 
 We will be subject to corporate-level income tax if we are unable to qualify as a RIC. 
 In order to qualify as a RIC under the Code, we must meet certain source-of-income, asset diversification and distribution requirements. The distribution requirement for a RIC is satisfied if we distribute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes of an amount generally at least equal to 90 of our investment company taxable income, which is generally our net ordinary income plus the excess of our net short-term capital gains in excess of our net long-term capital losses, determined without regard to any deduction for dividends paid, to our stockholders each taxable year. We are subject, to the extent we use debt financing, to certain asset coverage ratio requirements under the 1940 Act and financial covenants under loan and credit agreements that could, under certain circumstances, restrict us from making distributions necessary to qualify as a RIC. If we are unable to obtain cash from other sources, we could fail to qualify as a RIC and, thus, could be subject to corporate-level income tax irrespective of the level of distributions paid to our stockholders. To qualify as a RIC, we must also meet certain asset diversification requirements at the end of each quarter of our taxable year. Failure to meet these requirements could result in our having to dispose of certain investments quickly in order to prevent the loss of our qualification as a RIC. Because most of our investments are in private or thinly traded public companies, any such dispositions could be made at disadvantageous prices and could result in substantial losses. If we fail to qualify as a RIC for any reason and become subject to corporate-level income tax, the resulting corporate taxes could substantially reduce our net assets, the amount of income available for distributions to stockholders and the amount of our distributions and the amount of funds available for new investments. Such a failure would have a material adverse effect on us and our securityholders. See Business Taxation as a RIC. 
 We could need to raise additional capital to grow because we must distribute most of our income. 
 We could need additional capital to fund new investments and grow our portfolio of investments. We intend to access the capital markets periodically to issue debt or equity securities or borrow from financial institutions in order to obtain such additional capital. Unfavorable economic conditions could increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. A reduction in the availability of new capital could limit our ability to grow. In addition, in order to qualify as a RIC, we are required to distribute each taxable year an amount generally at least equal to 90 of the sum our net ordinary income and net short-term capital gains in excess of net long-term capital losses, or investment company taxable income, determined without regard to any deduction for dividends paid as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes, to our stockholders. As a result, these earnings are not available to fund new investments. An inability to access the capital markets successfully could limit our ability to grow our business and execute our business strategy fully and could decrease our earnings, if any, which could have an adverse effect on the value of our securities. Furthermore, to the extent we are not able to raise capital and are at or near our targeted leverage ratios, we could receive smaller allocations, if 
 51 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 any, on new investment opportunities under GC Advisors allocation policy and have, in the past, received such smaller allocations under similar circumstances. 
 We could have difficulty paying our required distributions if we recognize income before, or without, receiving cash representing such income. 
 For U.S. federal income tax purposes, we include in income certain amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as the accretion of original issue discount. This could arise if we receive warrants in connection with the making of a loan and in other circumstances, or through contracted PIK interest, which represents contractual interest added to the loan balance and due at the end of the loan term. Such original issue discount, which could be significant relative to our overall investment activities, or increases in loan balances as a result of contractual PIK arrangements, is included in income before we receive any corresponding cash payments. We also could be required to include in income certain other amounts that we do not receive in cash. 
 That part of the incentive fee payable by us that relates to our net investment income is computed and paid on income that includes interest that has been accrued but not yet received in cash, such as market discount, debt instruments with PIK interest, preferred stock with PIK dividends and zero coupon securities. If a portfolio company defaults on a loan that is structured to provide accrued interest, it is possible that accrued interest previously used in the calculation of the incentive fee will become uncollectible, and GC Advisors has no obligation to refund any fees it received in respect of such accrued income. 
 Since in certain cases we could recognize income before or without receiving cash representing such income, we could have difficulty meeting the requirement to distribute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes of an amount generally at least equal to 90 of our investment company taxable income, determined without regard to any deduction for dividends paid, to our stockholders in order to maintain our qualification as a RIC. In such a case, we could have to sell some of our investments at times we would not consider advantageous, raise additional debt or equity capital or reduce new investment originations to meet these distribution requirements. If we are not able to obtain such cash from other sources, we could fail to qualify as a RIC and thus be subject to corporate-level income tax. See Business Taxation as a RIC. 
 Stockholders could receive shares of our common stock as distributions, which could result in adverse tax consequences to them. 
 Although we currently do not intend to do so, we are permitted to declare a large portion of a dividend in shares of common stock at the election of each stockholder. Revenue Procedures issued by the IRS allow a publicly offered regulated investment company (as defined above) to distribute its own stock as a dividend for the purpose of fulfilling its distribution requirements if certain conditions are satisfied. Among other things, the aggregate amount of cash available to be distributed to all stockholders is currently required to be at least 20 of the aggregate declared distribution. The Internal Revenue Service has also issued private letter rulings on cash stock dividends paid by regulated investment companies and real estate investment trusts where the cash component is limited to 20 of the total distribution if certain requirements are satisfied. Stockholders receiving such dividends will be required to include the full amount of the dividend (including the portion payable in stock) as ordinary income (or, in certain circumstances, long-term capital gain) to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for federal income tax purposes. As a result, stockholders could be required to pay income taxes with respect to such dividends in excess of the cash dividends received. It is unclear to what extent we will be able to pay taxable dividends in cash and common stock (whether pursuant to IRS Revenue Procedures, a private letter ruling or otherwise). 
 The tax treatment of a non-U.S. stockholder in its jurisdiction of tax residence will depend entirely on the laws of such jurisdiction and could vary considerably from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. 
 Depending on (1) the laws of such non-U.S. stockholder s jurisdiction of tax residence, (2) how we are treated in such jurisdiction, and (3) our activities, an investment in us could result in such non-U.S. stockholder recognizing adverse tax consequences in its jurisdiction of tax residence, including with respect to any generally required or additional tax filings and or additional disclosure required in such filings in relation to the treatment for tax purposes in the relevant jurisdiction of an interest in us and or of distributions from us and any uncertainties arising in that respect (the Company not being established under the laws of the relevant jurisdiction), the possibility of taxable income significantly in excess of cash distributed to a non-U.S. stockholder, and possibly in excess of our actual economic income, the possibilities of losing deductions or the ability to utilize tax basis and of sums invested being returned in the form of taxable income or gains, and the possibility of being subject to tax at unfavorable tax rates. A 
 52 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 non-U.S. stockholder could also be subject to restrictions on the use of its share of our deductions and losses in its jurisdiction of tax residence. Each stockholder is urged to consult its own tax advisers with respect to the tax and tax filing consequences, if any, in its jurisdiction of tax residence of an investment in us, as well as any other jurisdiction in which such prospective investor is subject to taxation. 
 Regulations governing our operation as a business development company affect our ability to, and the way in which we, raise additional capital. As a business development company, the necessity of raising additional capital exposes us to risks, including the typical risks associated with leverage. 
 We could issue debt securities or preferred stock and or borrow money from banks or other financial institutions, which we refer to collectively as senior securities, up to the maximum amount permitted by the 1940 Act. Under the current provisions of the 1940 Act, we are permitted as a business development company to issue senior securities in amounts such that our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals the percentage of gross assets less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities after each issuance of senior securities that is applicable to us under Section 61 of the 1940 Act. Following the approval of our stockholders of the reduced asset coverage requirements in Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act and subject to our compliance with certain disclosure requirements, effective as of February 6, 2019, under the provisions of the 1940 Act, we are permitted as a business development company to issue senior securities in amounts such that its asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 150 of gross assets less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, after each issuance of senior securities. Under the reduced 150 asset coverage requirement, we are permitted under the 1940 Act to have a ratio of total consolidated assets to outstanding indebtedness of 2 1 as compared to a maximum of 1 1 under the 200 asset coverage requirement that would otherwise apply to a business development company. If the value of our assets declines, we could be unable to satisfy this ratio. If that happens, we could be required to sell a portion of our investments and, depending on the nature of our leverage, repay a portion of our indebtedness at a time when such activities could be disadvantageous. This could have a material adverse effect on our operations and we may not be able to make distributions in an amount sufficient to be subject to tax as a RIC, or at all. Also, any amounts that we use to service our indebtedness would not be available for distributions to our common stockholders. If we issue senior securities, we will be exposed to typical risks associated with leverage, including an increased risk of loss. As of September 30, 2021, we had 2.6 billion of outstanding borrowings, including 408.2 million and 546.5 million outstanding under the 2018 Debt Securitization and the GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization, respectively. 
 In the absence of an event of default, no person or entity from which we borrow money has a veto right or voting power over our ability to set policy, make investment decisions or adopt investment strategies. If we issue preferred stock, which is another form of leverage, the preferred stock would rank senior to common stock in our capital structure, preferred stockholders would have separate voting rights on certain matters and could have other rights, preferences or privileges more favorable than those of our common stockholders, and the issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change of control that could involve a premium price for holders of our common stock or otherwise be in the best interest of our common stockholders. Holders of our common stock will directly or indirectly bear all of the costs associated with offering and servicing any preferred stock that we issue. In addition, any interests of preferred stockholders would not necessarily align with the interests of holders of our common stock and the rights of holders of shares of preferred stock to receive distributions would be senior to those of holders of shares of our common stock. We do not, however, anticipate issuing preferred stock in the next 12 months. 
 We are not generally able to issue and sell our common stock at a price below net asset value per share. We could, however, sell our common stock, or warrants, options or rights to acquire our common stock, at a price below the then-current net asset value per share of our common stock if our board of directors determines that such sale is in the best interests of us and our stockholders, and if our stockholders approve such sale. In any such case, the price at which our securities are to be issued and sold cannot be less than a price that, in the determination of our board of directors, closely approximates the market value of such securities (less any distributing commission or discount). If we raise additional funds by issuing common stock or securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, our common stock, then the percentage ownership of our stockholders at that time would decrease, and holders of our common stock could experience dilution. 
 We intend to finance our investments with borrowed money, which will accelerate and increase the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested and could increase the risk of investing in us. 
 The use of leverage accelerates and increases the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested. The use of leverage is generally considered a speculative investment technique and increases the risks associated with investing in our 
 53 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 securities. The amount of leverage that we employ will depend on GC Advisors and our board of directors assessment of market and other factors at the time of any proposed borrowing. While we intend to target a leverage ratio of 0.85x to 1.25x debt-to-equity, this limitation will not prevent us from incurring additional leverage or otherwise exceeding such leverage ratio to the full extent permissible under the 1940 Act, including during periods when we are experiencing unusual market volatility or other unexpected conditions. 
 We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain credit at all or on terms acceptable to us. While leverage presents opportunities for increasing our total return, it also has the potential to increase losses. Accordingly, any event that adversely affects the value of an investment would be magnified to the extent we use leverage. Such events could result in a substantial loss to us, which would be greater than if leverage had not been used. In addition, our investment objectives are dependent on the continued availability of leverage at attractive relative interest rates. 
 We could issue senior debt securities to banks, insurance companies and other lenders. Lenders of these senior securities will have fixed dollar claims on our assets that are superior to the claims of our common stockholders, and we would expect such lenders to seek recovery against our assets in the event of a default. We have the ability to pledge up to 100 of our assets and can grant a security interest in all of our assets under the terms of any debt instruments we could enter into with lenders. The terms of our existing indebtedness require us to comply with certain financial and operational covenants, and we expect similar covenants in future debt instruments. Failure to comply with such covenants could result in a default under the applicable credit facility or debt instrument if we are unable to obtain a waiver from the applicable lender or holder, and such lender or holder could accelerate repayment under such indebtedness and negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, under the terms of any credit facility or other debt instrument we enter into, we are likely to be required by its terms to use the net proceeds of any investments that we sell to repay a portion of the amount borrowed under such facility or instrument before applying such net proceeds to any other uses. If the value of our assets decreases, leveraging would cause our net asset value to decline more sharply than it otherwise would have had we not used leverage, thereby magnifying losses or eliminating our equity stake in a leveraged investment. Similarly, any decrease in our net investment income will cause our net income to decline more sharply than it would have had we not borrowed. Such a decline would also negatively affect our ability to make distributions on our common stock or any outstanding preferred stock. Our ability to service our debt depends largely on our financial performance and is subject to prevailing economic conditions and competitive pressures. Our common stockholders bear the burden of any increase in our expenses as a result of our use of leverage, including interest expenses and any increase in the base management fee payable to GC Advisors. 
 Following the approval of our stockholders of the reduced asset coverage requirements in Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act and subject to our compliance with certain disclosure requirements, effective as of February 6, 2019, the reduced asset coverage requirement permits us to double the maximum amount of leverage that we are permitted to incur, which provides us with increased investment flexibility, but also increases our risks related to leverage. 
 The following table illustrates the effect of leverage on returns from an investment in our common stock as of September 30, 2021, assuming various annual returns, net of expenses. The calculations in the table below are hypothetical and actual returns could be higher or lower than those appearing in the table below. Assumed Return on Our Portfolio (Net of Expenses) -10 -5 0 5 10 Corresponding return to common stockholder (1) 
 -22.99 -12.99 -2.99 7.00 17.00 
 
 (1) Assumes 5.2 billion in total assets, 2.6 billion in debt and secured borrowings outstanding and 2.6 billion in net assets as of September 30, 2021 and an effective annual interest rate of 3.01 as of September 30, 2021. 
 Based on our outstanding indebtedness of 2.6 billion as of September 30, 2021 and the effective annual interest rate, which includes amortization of debt financing costs, amortization of discounts on notes issued and non-usage facility fees, of 3.01 as of that date, our investment portfolio would have been required to experience an annual return of at least 1.50 to cover annual interest payments on the outstanding debt. 
 If we are unable to obtain leverage or if the interest rates of such leverage are not attractive, we could experience diminished returns. The number of leverage providers and the total amount of financing available could decrease or remain static. We could, directly or through subsidiaries, have concentrated exposure to a small number of 
 54 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 commercial lenders or other financing providers, which could result in us being dependent on the continued availability of capital from such financing providers. Consequently, available financing could be more expensive or on terms that are less desirable than in an environment with a larger number of leverage providers. 
 We are subject to risks associated with the Debt Securitizations. 
 As a result of the 2018 Debt Securitization and the GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization, (each a Debt Securitization and, collectively, the Debt Securitizations ), we are subject to a variety of risks, including those set forth below. We use the term debt securitization in this annual report on Form 10-K to describe a form of secured borrowing under which an operating company (sometimes referred to as an originator or sponsor acquires or originates mortgages, receivables, loans or other assets that earn income, whether on a one-time or recurring basis (collectively, income producing assets ), and borrows money on a non-recourse basis against a legally separate pool of loans or other income producing assets. In a typical debt securitization, the originator transfers the loans or income producing assets to a single-purpose, bankruptcy-remote subsidiary (also referred to as a special purpose entity ), which is established solely for the purpose of holding loans and income producing assets and issuing debt secured by these income producing assets. The special purpose entity completes the borrowing through the issuance of notes secured by the loans or other assets. The special purpose entity may issue the notes in the capital markets to a variety of investors, including banks, non-bank financial institutions and other investors. The special purpose entities that issued the notes in the 2018 Debt Securitization and the GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization were the 2018 Issuer and the GCIC 2018 Issuer, respectively (each such special purpose entity, a Securitization Issuer ). The 2018 Issuer and the GCIC 2018 Issuer are wholly-owned subsidiaries of 2018 CLO Depositor and GCIC CLO Depositor, respectively, each a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (each a CLO Depositor ). In each of the Debt Securitizations, institutional investors purchased certain notes issued by the applicable Securitization Issuer in private placements. 
 We are subject to certain risks as a result of our direct or indirect interests in the junior notes and membership interests of each Securitization Issuer. 
 Under the terms of the respective loan sale agreement or loan sale agreements governing each Debt Securitization, we sold and or contributed to the applicable Securitization Issuer all of our ownership interest in our portfolio loans and participations for the purchase price and other consideration set forth in such loan sale agreement. Following this transfer, the applicable Securitization Issuer held all of the ownership interest in such portfolio loans and participations. 
 Under the terms of the respective loan sale agreements entered into upon closing of each of the 2018 Debt Securitization and the GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization (each a Closing Date Loan Sale Agreement ), which provided for the sale of assets on the applicable closing date to satisfy risk retention requirements, (1) we transferred to GC Advisors a portion of our ownership interest in the portfolio company investments securing such Debt Securitization for the purchase price and other consideration set forth in the applicable Closing Date Loan Sale Agreement and (2) immediately thereafter, GC Advisors sold to the respective Securitization Issuer all of its ownership interest in such portfolio loans for the purchase price and other consideration set forth in the applicable Closing Date Loan Sale Agreement. Under the terms of the other loan sale agreement governing each such Debt Securitization (each, a Depositor Loan Sale Agreement ), which provides for the sale of assets on the applicable closing date as well as future sales from us to the applicable Securitization Issuer through the applicable CLO Depositor, (1) we sold and or contributed to the applicable CLO Depositor the remainder of our ownership interest in the portfolio company investments securing the applicable Debt Securitization and participations for the purchase price and other consideration set forth in the applicable Depositor Loan Sale Agreement and (2) the applicable CLO Depositor, in turn, sold to the applicable Securitization Issuer all of its ownership interest in such portfolio loans and participations for the purchase price and other consideration set forth in one of the loan sale agreements. Following these transfers, the applicable Securitization Issuer, and not GC Advisors, the applicable CLO Depositor or us, held all of the ownership interest in such portfolio company investments and participations. 
 As of September 30, 2021, we held indirectly through the applicable CLO Depositor, the Class C-2 2018 Notes, the Class D 2018 Notes, the Subordinated 2018 Notes, and 100 of the membership interests in the 2018 Issuer, the Class C GCIC 2018 Notes, the Class D GCIC 2018 Notes, the Subordinated GCIC 2018 Notes and 100 of the membership interests in the GCIC 2018 Issuer. As a result, we consolidate the financial statements of the 2018 Issuer and the GCIC 2018 Issuer, as well as our other subsidiaries, in our consolidated financial statements. 
 55 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Because each of the Securitization Issuers and CLO Depositors is disregarded as an entity separate from its owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the sale or contribution by us or a CLO Depositor to a Securitization Issuer or by us to a CLO Depositor did not constitute a taxable event for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If the U.S. Internal Revenue Service were to take a contrary position, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. We could, from time to time, hold asset-backed securities, or the economic equivalent thereof, issued by a securitization vehicle sponsored by another business development company to the extent permitted under the 1940 Act. 
 The notes and membership interests that we hold that are issued by the Securitization Issuers are subordinated obligations of the applicable Securitization Issuer and we could be prevented from receiving cash from such Securitization Issuer. 
 The notes issued by the Securitization Issuers and retained by us are the most junior class of notes issued by the applicable Securitization Issuer, are subordinated in priority of payment to the other notes issued by such Securitization Issuer and are subject to certain payment restrictions set forth in the indenture governing the notes issued by such Securitization Issuer. Therefore, we only receive cash distributions on such Notes if the applicable Securitization Issuer has made all cash interest payments to all other notes it has issued. Consequently, to the extent that the value of the portfolio of loan investments held by a Securitization Issuer has been reduced as a result of conditions in the credit markets, or as a result of defaulted loans or individual fund assets, the value of any notes that we have retained at their redemption could be reduced. If a Securitization Issuer does not meet the asset coverage tests or the interest coverage test set forth in the documents governing the applicable Debt Securitization, cash would be diverted from the notes that we hold to first pay the more senior notes issued by such Securitization Issuer in amounts sufficient to cause such tests to be satisfied. 
 Each Securitization Issuer is the residual claimant on funds, if any, remaining after holders of all classes of notes issued by such Securitization Issuer have been paid in full on each payment date or upon maturity of such notes under the applicable Debt Securitization documents. As the holder of the membership interests in each Securitization Issuer, we could receive distributions, if any, only to the extent that the applicable Securitization Issuer makes distributions out of funds remaining after holders of all classes of notes issued by such Securitization Issuer have been paid in full on each payment date any amounts due and owing on such payment date or upon maturity of such notes. In the event that we fail to receive cash directly from a Securitization Issuer, we could be unable to make distributions in amounts sufficient to maintain our ability to be subject to tax as a RIC, or at all. 
 The interests of holders of the senior classes of securities issued by the Securitization Issuers could not be aligned with our interests. 
 The notes issued by each Securitization Issuer that are held by third parties (the Senior Securitization Notes are debt obligations ranking senior in right of payment to other securities issued by the respective Securitization Issuer in the applicable Debt Securitization. As such, there are circumstances in which the interests of holders of the Senior Securitization Notes may not be aligned with the interests of holders of the other classes of notes issued by, and membership interests of, the applicable Securitization Issuer. For example, under the terms of the Class A 2018 Notes, holders of the Class A 2018 Notes have the right to receive payments of principal and interest prior to holders of the Class B 2018 Notes, the Class C-1 2018 Notes and the 2018 Issuer. 
 As used herein, Controlling Class refers to the most senior class of notes then outstanding with respect to a Securitization Issuer. If the most senior class of outstanding notes are paid in full, then the next most senior class of notes would comprise the Controlling Class under the documents governing the applicable Debt Securitization. For as long as the Class A 2018 Notes and the Class A GCIC 2018 Notes, holders of such class of notes or loans comprise the Controlling Class under the 2018 Debt Securitization and the GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization, respectively. If such notes or loans are paid in full, then the Class B 2018 Notes and the Class B GCIC 2018 Notes would comprise the Controlling Class under the 2018 Debt Securitization and the GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization, respectively. Holders of the Controlling Class under the applicable Debt Securitization have the right to act in certain circumstances with respect to the portfolio loans in ways that could benefit their interests but not the interests of holders of more junior classes of notes and membership interests, including by exercising remedies under the indenture in the applicable Debt Securitization. 
 If an event of default has occurred and acceleration occurs in accordance with the terms of the indenture for a Debt Securitization, the Controlling Class of such debt securitization, as the most senior class of notes or loans then outstanding in such debt securitization will be paid in full before any further payment or distribution on the more 
 56 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 junior classes of notes and membership interests. In addition, if an event of default under a Debt Securitization, holders of a majority of the Controlling Class of the applicable debt securitization could be entitled to determine the remedies to be exercised under the applicable indenture, subject to the terms of such indenture. For example, upon the occurrence of an event of default with respect to the notes issued by the 2018 Issuer, the trustee or holders of a majority of the Controlling Class could declare the principal, together with any accrued interest, of all the notes of such class and any junior classes to be immediately due and payable. This would have the effect of accelerating the principal on such notes, triggering a repayment obligation on the part of the 2018 Issuer. If at such time the portfolio loans were not performing well, the Securitization Issuer could not have sufficient proceeds available to enable the trustee under the indenture to repay the obligations of holders of the notes we hold, or to pay a dividend to holders of the membership interests. 
 Remedies pursued by the Controlling Class could be adverse to the interests of the holders of the notes that are subordinated to the Controlling Class (which would include the Class C 2 2018 Notes, Class D 2018 Notes and Subordinated 2018 Notes to the extent the Class A 2018 Notes, Class B 2018 Notes, Class C-1 2018 Notes and Class C-2 2018 Notes, or Class D 2018 Notes constitute the Controlling Class, the Class B 2 GCIC 2018 Notes, Class C GCIC 2018 Notes, Class D GCIC 2018 Notes and Subordinated GCIC 2018 Notes to the extent the Class A-1 GCIC 2018 Notes, Class A-2 GCIC 2018 Notes, Class B GCIC 2018 Notes, Class C GCIC 2018 Notes or Class D GCIC 2018 Notes constitute the Controlling Class and the Controlling Class will have no obligation to consider any possible adverse effect on such other interests. Thus, we cannot assure you that any remedies pursued by the Controlling Class will be in the best interests of the applicable CLO Depositor or us or that the applicable CLO Depositor or we will receive any payments or distributions upon an acceleration of the notes. In a liquidation under any of the Debt Securitizations, the notes that we have directly or indirectly retained will be subordinated to payment of the other classes notes issued by the applicable Securitization Issuer and could not be paid in full to the extent funds remaining after payment of more senior notes not held by us are insufficient. In addition, after certain senior classes of notes are paid in full, the remaining noteholder could amend the applicable indenture to, among other things, direct the assignment of any remaining assets to other wholly-owned subsidiaries for a price less than the fair market value of such assets with the difference in price to be considered an equity contribution to such subsidiaries. Any failure of a Securitization Issuer to make distributions on the notes we indirectly or directly hold, whether as a result of an event of default, liquidation or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and could result in an inability of us to make distributions sufficient to maintain our ability to be subject to tax as a RIC, or at all. 
 A Securitization Issuer could fail to meet certain asset coverage tests. 
 Under the documents governing each Debt Securitization, there are two asset coverage tests applicable to the Class A 2018 Notes, the Class B 2018 Notes, the Class C-1 2018 Notes, the Class C-2 2018 Notes and the Class D 2018 Notes, with respect to the 2018 Issuer and the Class A GCIC 2018 Notes, Class B GCIC 2018 Notes, Class C GCIC 2018 Notes and Class D GCIC 2018, with respect to the GCIC 2018 Issuer. 
 The first such test compares the amount of interest received on the portfolio loans held by the applicable Securitization Issuer to the amount of interest payable in respect of the applicable class of notes. To meet this first test, in the case of the 2018 Debt Securitization, interest received on the portfolio loans must equal at least 120 of the interest payable in respect of the Class A 2018 Notes and Class B 2018 Notes, taken together, at least 110 of the interest payable in respect of the Class C-1 2018 Notes and the Class C-2 2018 Notes, taken together, and at least 105 of the interest payable in respect of the Class D 2018 Notes and, in the case of the GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization, interest received on the portfolio loans must equal at least 120 of the interest payable in respect of the Class A GCIC 2018 Notes and Class B GCIC 2018 Notes, taken together, and at least 110 of the interest payable in respect of the Class C GCIC 2018 Notes and at least 105 of the interest payable in respect of the Class D GCIC 2018 Notes. 
 The second such test compares the principal amount of the portfolio loans of the applicable Debt Securitization to the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the applicable class of notes. To meet this second test at any time in the case of the 2018 Debt Securitization, the aggregate principal amount of the portfolio loans must equal at least 145.6 of the Class A 2018 Notes and Class B 2018 Notes, taken together, at least 126.7 of the Class C-1 2018 Notes and Class C-2 2018 Notes, taken together, and at least 116.7 of the Class D 2018 Notes. To meet this second test at any time in the case of the GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization, the aggregate principal amount of the portfolio loans must equal at least 147.9 of the Class A GCIC 2018 Notes and Class B GCIC 2018 Notes, taken together, at least 127.1 of the Class C GCIC 2018 Notes and at least 117.5 of the Class D GCIC 2018 Notes. 
 57 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 If any asset coverage test with respect to a class of notes is not met, proceeds from the portfolio of loan investments that otherwise would have been distributed to the holders of the notes and membership interests that we hold will instead be used to redeem first the most senior class of notes in such Debt Securitization and then each next most senior class of notes, to the extent necessary to satisfy the applicable asset coverage tests on a pro forma basis after giving effect to all payments made in respect of the notes, which we refer to as a mandatory redemption, or to obtain the necessary ratings confirmation. 
 The value of the Class C-2 2018 Notes, Class D 2018 Notes, Subordinated 2018 Notes, Class B-2 GCIC 2018 Notes, Class C GCIC 2018 Notes, Class D GCIC 2018 Notes or the Subordinated GCIC 2018 Notes could be adversely affected by a mandatory redemption because such redemption could result in the applicable notes being redeemed at par at a time when they are trading in the secondary market at a premium to their stated principal amount and when other investments bearing the same rate of interest could be difficult or expensive to acquire. A mandatory redemption could also result in a shorter investment duration than a holder of such notes could have wanted or anticipated, which could, in turn, result in such a holder incurring breakage costs on related hedging transactions. In addition, the reinvestment period under the 2018 Debt Securitization and the 2018 GCIC Debt Securitization could extend through as late as January 15, 2023 and January 20, 2023, respectively. During the respective reinvestment period, market conditions and restrictions on investment under the indenture governing the applicable Debt Securitization could result in periods of time in which the applicable Securitization Issuer is not able to fully invest its available collateral or during which collateral available is not of comparable quality or yield, which could affect the value of the collateral securing the notes issued by such Securitization Issuer that we hold. 
 We could be required to assume liabilities of a Securitization Issuer and are indirectly liable for certain representations and warranties in connection with each Debt Securitization. 
 The structure of each Debt Securitization is intended to prevent, in the event of our bankruptcy or the bankruptcy of a CLO Depositor, if applicable, the consolidation of the applicable Securitization Issuer with our operations or with the applicable CLO Depositor. If the true sale of the assets in each Debt Securitization were not respected in the event of our insolvency, a trustee or debtor-in-possession might reclaim the assets of the applicable Securitization Issuer for our estate. However, in doing so, we would become directly liable for all of the indebtedness then outstanding under the applicable Debt Securitization, which would equal the full amount of debt of the applicable Securitization Issuer reflected on our consolidated balance sheet. In addition, we cannot assure you that the recovery in the event we were consolidated with a Securitization Issuer for purposes of any bankruptcy proceeding would exceed the amount to which we would otherwise be entitled as the holder of the notes issued by such Securitization Issuer and retained by us had we not been consolidated with the applicable Securitization Issuer. 
 In addition, in connection with each of the Debt Securitizations, we indirectly gave the lenders certain customary representations with respect to the legal structure of the respective Securitization Issuer, and the quality of the assets transferred to each entity. We remain indirectly liable for any breach of such representations for the life of the applicable Debt Securitization. 
 Certain Securitization Issuers could issue additional Notes. 
 Under the terms of the documents governing the 2018 Debt Securitization and the GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization, the applicable Securitization Issuer could issue additional notes and use the net proceeds of such issuance to purchase additional portfolio loans. Any such additional issuance, however, would require the consent of the collateral manager to the applicable Debt Securitization and, in the case of each of the 2018 Debt Securitization and the GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization, the applicable CLO Depositor and a supermajority of the Subordinated 2018 Notes or Subordinated GCIC 2018 Notes , as applicable. Among the other conditions that must be satisfied in connection with an additional issuance of notes, the aggregate principal amount of all additional issuances of notes may not exceed 100 of the respective original outstanding principal amount of such class of notes the applicable Securitization Issuer must notify each rating agency of such issuance prior to the issuance date and the terms of the notes to be issued must be identical to the terms of previously issued notes of the same class (except that all monies due on such additional notes will accrue from the issue date of such notes and that the spread over LIBOR and prices of such notes do not have to be identical to those of the initial notes, provided that the interest rate on such additional notes must not exceed the interest rate applicable to the initial class of such notes). We do not expect to cause the 2018 Issuer or the GCIC 2018 Issuer to issue any additional notes at this time. We could amend the documents governing each Debt Securitization from time to time, and without amendment, the 2018 Debt Securitization documents do not provide for additional issuances of Class A 2018 Notes. The total purchase price for any 
 58 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 additional notes that could be issued may not always equal 100 of the par value of such notes, depending on several factors, including fees and closing expenses. 
 We are subject to risks associated with any Revolving Credit Facility that utilizes a Funding Subsidiary as our interests in any Funding Subsidiary are subordinated and we could be prevented from receiving cash on our equity interests from a Funding Subsidiary. 
 We own directly or indirectly 100 of the equity interests in each of our Funding Subsidiaries. We consolidate the financial statements of our Funding Subsidiaries in our consolidated financial statements and treat the indebtedness under the Revolving Credit Facilities as our leverage. Our interests in our Funding Subsidiaries are subordinated in priority of payment to every other obligation of such Funding Subsidiary and are subject to certain payment restrictions set forth in each Revolving Credit Facility. We receive cash distributions on our equity interests in our Funding Subsidiaries only if such Funding Subsidiary has made all required cash interest payments to the respective lenders and no default exists under the respective Revolving Credit Facility. We cannot assure you that distributions on the assets held by our Funding Subsidiaries will be sufficient to make any distributions to us or that such distributions will meet our expectations. 
 We receive cash from a Funding Subsidiary only to the extent that we receive distributions on our equity interests in such Funding Subsidiary. Each Funding Subsidiary could make distributions on its equity interests only to the extent permitted by the payment priority provisions of the applicable Revolving Credit Facility. Each of the Revolving Credit Facilities generally provides that payments on the respective interests could not be made on any payment date unless all amounts owing to the lenders and other secured parties are paid in full. In addition, if a Funding Subsidiary does not meet the asset coverage tests or the interest coverage test set forth in the documents of the applicable Revolving Credit Facility, a default would occur. In the event of a default under a Revolving Credit Facility document, cash would be diverted from us to pay the applicable lender and other secured parties in amounts sufficient to cause such tests to be satisfied. In the event that we fail to receive cash from our Funding Subsidiaries, we could be unable to make distributions to our stockholders in amounts sufficient to maintain our status as a RIC, or at all. We also could be forced to sell investments in portfolio companies at less than their fair value in order to continue making such distributions. 
 Our equity interests in each Funding Subsidiary rank behind all of the secured and unsecured creditors, known or unknown, of such Funding Subsidiary, including the lenders in the respective Revolving Credit Facility. Consequently, to the extent that the value of a Funding Subsidiary's portfolio of loan investments has been reduced as a result of conditions in the credit markets, defaulted loans, capital gains and losses on the underlying assets, prepayment or changes in interest rates, the returns on our investments in such Funding Subsidiary could be reduced. Accordingly, our investments in each of our Funding Subsidiaries could be subject to up to 100 loss. 
 The ability to sell investments held by our Funding Subsidiaries is limited. 
 Each of the Revolving Credit Facilities place significant restrictions on our ability, as servicer, to sell investments. As a result, there could be times or circumstances during which we are unable to sell investments or take other actions that might be in our best interests. 
 Our ability to invest in public companies is limited in certain circumstances. 
 To maintain our status as a business development company, we are not permitted to acquire any assets other than qualifying assets specified in the 1940 Act unless, at the time the acquisition is made, at least 70 of our total assets are qualifying assets (with certain limited exceptions). Subject to certain exceptions for follow-on investments and investments in distressed companies, an investment in an issuer that has outstanding securities listed on a national securities exchange could be treated as qualifying assets only if such issuer has a common equity market capitalization that is less than 250.0 million at the time of such investment. 
 We can enter into repurchase agreements, which are another form of leverage. 
 We can, and have in the past, entered into repurchase agreements as part of our management of our investment portfolio. Under a repurchase agreement, we will effectively pledge our assets as collateral to secure a short-term loan where the counterparty acquires securities we hold as collateral subject to our obligation to repurchase and its obligation to resell the securities at an agreed upon time and price. Generally, the other party to the agreement makes the loan in an amount equal to a percentage of the fair value of the pledged collateral. At the maturity of the repurchase agreement, we will be required to repay the loan and correspondingly receive back our collateral. While used as collateral, the assets continue to pay principal and interest which are for our benefit. 
 59 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Our use of repurchase agreements, if any, involves many of the same risks involved in our use of leverage, as the proceeds from repurchase agreements generally will be invested in additional securities. There is a risk that the market value of the securities acquired in the repurchase agreement could decline below the price of the securities that we have sold but remain obligated to purchase. In addition, there is a risk that the market value of the securities retained by us could decline. If a buyer of securities under a repurchase agreement were to file for bankruptcy or experience insolvency, we could be adversely affected. Also, in entering into repurchase agreements, we would bear the risk of loss to the extent that the proceeds of such agreements at settlement are less than the fair value of the underlying securities being pledged. In addition, due to the interest costs associated with repurchase agreements, our net asset value would decline, and, in some cases, we could be worse off than if we had not used such agreements. 
 Adverse developments in the credit markets can impair our ability to enter into new debt financing arrangements. 
 During the economic downturn in the United States that began in mid-2007, many commercial banks and other 
 financial institutions stopped lending or significantly curtailed their lending activity. In addition, in an effort to stem 
 losses and reduce their exposure to segments of the economy deemed to be high risk, some financial institutions 
 limited routine refinancing and loan modification transactions and even reviewed the terms of existing facilities to 
 identify bases for accelerating the maturity of existing lending facilities. To the extent these circumstances arise 
 again in the future, it can be difficult for us to finance the growth of our investments on acceptable economic terms, 
 or at all and one or more of our leverage facilities could be accelerated by the lenders. 
 If we do not invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets, we could fail to qualify as a business development company or be precluded from investing according to our current business strategy. 
 As a business development company, we are restricted from acquiring any assets other than qualifying assets unless, at the time of and after giving effect to such acquisition, at least 70 of our total assets are qualifying assets. See Business Regulation Qualifying Assets. 
 In the future, we believe that most of our investments will constitute qualifying assets. However, we could be precluded from investing in what we believe are attractive investments if such investments are not qualifying assets for purposes of the 1940 Act. If we do not invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets, we could violate the 1940 Act provisions applicable to business development companies. As a result of such violation, specific rules under the 1940 Act could prevent us, for example, from making follow-on investments in existing portfolio companies (which could result in the dilution of our position) or could require us to dispose of investments at inappropriate times in order to come into compliance with the 1940 Act. If we need to dispose of such investments quickly, it could be difficult to dispose of such investments on favorable terms. We can provide no assurance that we will be able to find a buyer for such investments and, even if we do find a buyer, we could be forced to sell the investments at a substantial loss. Any such outcomes would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 If we do not maintain our status as a business development company, we would be subject to regulation as a registered closed-end investment company under the 1940 Act. As a registered closed-end investment company, we would be subject to substantially more regulatory restrictions under the 1940 Act which would significantly decrease our operating flexibility. 
 The majority of our portfolio investments are recorded at fair value as determined in good faith by our board of directors and, as a result, there could be uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio investments. 
 Under the 1940 Act, we are required to carry our portfolio investments at market value or, if there is no readily available market value, at fair value as determined pursuant to policies adopted by, and subject to the oversight of, our board of directors. The majority of our portfolio investments take the form of securities that are not publicly traded. The fair value of securities and other investments that are not publicly traded is often not readily determinable, and we value these securities at fair value as determined in good faith by our board of directors, including to reflect significant events affecting the value of our securities. As discussed in more detail under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Critical Accounting Policies, most, if not all, of our investments (other than cash and cash equivalents) are classified as Level 3 under Accounting Standards Codification, or ASC, Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement and Disclosure , as amended, or ASC Topic 820. This means that our portfolio valuations are based on unobservable inputs and our own assumptions about how market participants would price the asset or liability in question. Inputs into the determination of fair value of our portfolio investments require significant management judgment or estimation, the level of which could increase or decrease during periods of volatility or uncertainty. See Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure We are currently in a period of capital markets disruption and economic uncertainty. Even if observable market 
 60 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 data are available, such information may be the result of consensus pricing information or broker quotes, which may include a disclaimer that the broker would not be held to such a price in an actual transaction. The non-binding nature of consensus pricing and or quotes accompanied by disclaimers materially reduces the reliability of such information. 
 We have retained the services of several independent service providers to review the valuation of these securities. At least once annually, the valuation for each portfolio investment for which a market quote is not readily available is reviewed by an independent valuation firm. The types of factors that the board of directors could take into account in determining the fair value of our investments generally include, as appropriate, comparison to publicly traded securities, including such factors as yield, maturity and measures of credit quality, the enterprise value of a portfolio company, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earnings and discounted cash flow, the markets in which the portfolio company does business and other relevant factors. Because such valuations, and particularly valuations of private securities and private companies, are inherently uncertain, could fluctuate over short periods of time and could be based on estimates, our determinations of fair value could differ materially from the values that would have been used if a ready market for these securities existed. Our net asset value could be adversely affected if our determinations regarding the fair value of our investments were materially higher than the values that we ultimately realize upon the disposal of such securities. 
 We adjust quarterly the valuation of our portfolio to reflect our board of directors determination of the fair value of each investment in our portfolio. Any changes in fair value are recorded in our consolidated statement of operations as net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation. 
 Government intervention in the credit markets could adversely affect our business. 
 The central banks and, in particular, the U.S. Federal Reserve, have taken unprecedented steps since the financial crises of 2008-2009 and the COVID-19 global pandemic. It is impossible to predict if, how, and to what extent the United States and other governments would further intervene in the credit markets. Such intervention is often prompted by politically sensitive issues involving family homes, student loans, real estate speculation, credit card receivables, pandemics, etc., and could, as a result, be contrary to what we would predict from an economically rational perspective. 
 On the other hand, recent governmental intervention could mean that the willingness of governmental bodies to take additional extraordinary action is diminished. As a result, in the event of near-term major market disruptions, like those caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, there might be only limited additional government intervention, resulting in correspondingly greater market dislocation and materially greater market risk. 
 Our board of directors could change our investment objective, operating policies and strategies without prior notice or stockholder approval. 
 Our board of directors has the authority, except as otherwise provided in the 1940 Act, to modify or waive our investment objective and certain of our operating policies and strategies without prior notice and without stockholder approval. However, absent stockholder approval, we cannot change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as, a business development company. Under Delaware law, we also cannot be dissolved without prior stockholder approval. We cannot predict the effect any changes to our current investment objective, operating policies and strategies would have on our business, operating results and the price of our common stock. Nevertheless, any such changes could adversely affect our business and impair our ability to make distributions. 
 61 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware and our certificate of incorporation and bylaws are intended to deter takeover attempts, which could have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
 The General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, or the DGCL, contains provisions that are intended to discourage, delay or make more difficult a change in control of us or the removal of our directors. Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that limit liability and provide for indemnification of our directors and officers. These provisions and others also could have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers or delaying changes in control or management. We are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, the application of which is subject to any applicable requirements of the 1940 Act. This section generally prohibits us from engaging in mergers and other business combinations with stockholders that beneficially own 15 or more of our voting stock, or with their affiliates, unless our directors or stockholders approve the business combination in the prescribed manner. If our board of directors does not approve a business combination, Section 203 of the DGCL could discourage third parties from trying to acquire control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating such an offer. 
 We have also adopted measures that could make it difficult for a third party to obtain control of us, including provisions of our certificate of incorporation classifying our board of directors in three classes serving staggered three-year terms, and provisions of our certificate of incorporation authorizing our board of directors to classify or reclassify shares of our preferred stock in one or more classes or series, to cause the issuance of additional shares of our stock, and to amend our certificate of incorporation, without stockholder approval, in certain instances. These provisions, as well as other provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might otherwise be in the best interests of our securityholders. 
 GC Advisors can resign on 60 days notice, and we can provide no assurance that we would be able to find a suitable replacement within that time, resulting in a disruption in our operations that could adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations. 
 GC Advisors has the right to resign under the Investment Advisory Agreement at any time upon not less than 60 days written notice, whether we have found a replacement or not. If GC Advisors resigns, we can provide no assurance that we would be able to find a new investment adviser or hire internal management with similar expertise and ability to provide the same or equivalent services on acceptable terms within 60 days, or at all. If we are unable to do so quickly, our operations are likely to experience a disruption, our business, financial condition and results of operations and cash flows as well as our ability to pay distributions are likely to be adversely affected and the market price of our common stock could decline. In addition, the coordination of our internal management and investment activities is likely to suffer if we are unable to identify and reach an agreement with a single institution or group of executives having the expertise possessed by GC Advisors and its affiliates. Even if we are able to retain comparable management, whether internal or external, the integration of such management and their lack of familiarity with our investment objective and portfolio could result in additional costs and time delays that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 The Administrator can resign on 60 days notice, and we can provide no assurance that we would be able to find a suitable replacement, resulting in a disruption in our operations that could adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations. 
 The Administrator has the right to resign under the Administration Agreement at any time upon not less than 60 days written notice, whether we have found a replacement or not. If the Administrator resigns, we can provide no assurance that we would be able to find a new administrator or hire internal management with similar expertise and ability to provide the same or equivalent services on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to do so quickly, our operations are likely to experience a disruption, our financial condition, business and results of operations as well as our ability to pay distributions are likely to be adversely affected and the market price of our common stock could decline. In addition, the coordination of our internal management and administrative activities is likely to suffer if we are unable to identify and reach an agreement with a service provider or individuals with the expertise possessed by the Administrator. Even if we are able to retain a comparable service provider or individuals to perform such services, whether internal or external, their integration into our business and lack of familiarity with our investment objective and portfolio could result in additional costs and time delays that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 62 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Risks Relating to Our Investments 
 Economic recessions or downturns could impair our portfolio companies and defaults by our portfolio companies will harm our operating results. 
 Many of our portfolio companies are susceptible to economic slowdowns or recessions and could be unable to repay our loans during these periods. Therefore, our non-performing assets are likely to increase and the value of our portfolio is likely to decrease during these periods. Adverse economic conditions could decrease the value of collateral securing any of our loans and the value of any equity investments. A severe recession may further decrease the value of such collateral and result in losses of value in our portfolio and a decrease in our revenues, net income, assets and net worth. Economic slowdowns or recessions could lead to financial losses in our portfolio and a decrease in revenues, net income and assets. Unfavorable economic conditions also could increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. These events could prevent us from increasing our investments and harm our operating results. 
 Any deterioration of general economic conditions may lead to significant declines in corporate earnings or loan performance, and the ability of corporate borrowers to service their debt, any of which could trigger a period of global economic slowdown, and have an adverse impact on our performance and financial results, and the value and the liquidity of our investments. In an economic downturn, we could have non-performing assets or an increase in non-performing assets, and we would anticipate that the value of our portfolio would decrease during these periods. Failure to satisfy financial or operating covenants imposed by lenders to a portfolio company, including us, could lead to defaults and, potentially, acceleration of payments on such loans and foreclosure on the assets representing collateral for the portfolio company s obligations. Cross default provisions under other agreements could be triggered and thus limit the portfolio company s ability to satisfy its obligations under any debt that we hold and affect the value of any equity securities we own. We would expect to incur expenses to the extent necessary to seek recovery upon default or to negotiate new terms with a portfolio company following or in anticipation of a default. 
 Our debt investments are risky and we could lose all or part of our investments. 
 The debt that we invest in is typically not initially rated by any rating agency, but we believe that if such investments were rated, they would be below investment grade (rated lower than Baa3 by Moody s Investors Service, lower than BBB- by Fitch Ratings or lower than BBB- by Standard & Poor s Ratings Services), which under the guidelines established by these entities is an indication of having predominantly speculative characteristics with respect to the issuer s capacity to pay interest and repay principal. Bonds that are rated below investment grade are sometimes referred to as high yield bonds or junk bonds. Therefore, our investments could result in an above average amount of risk and volatility or loss of principal. 
 Our investments in leveraged portfolio companies are risky, and we could lose all or part of our investment. 
 Investment in leveraged companies involves a number of significant risks. Leveraged companies in which we invest could have limited financial resources and could be unable to meet their obligations under their debt securities that we hold. These companies could be subject to restrictive financial and operating covenants and their leverage could impair their ability to finance their future operations and capital needs. As a result, these companies flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions and to take advantage of business opportunities could be limited. Such developments could be accompanied by a deterioration in the value of any collateral and a reduction in the likelihood of our realizing any guarantees that we could have obtained in connection with our investment. Smaller leveraged companies also could have less predictable operating results and could require substantial additional capital to support their operations, finance their expansion or maintain their competitive position. 
 Our investments in leveraged portfolio companies and private and middle-market portfolio companies are risky, and we could lose all or part of our investment. 
 Investment in private and middle-market companies involves a number of significant risks. Generally, little public information exists about these companies, and we rely on the ability of GC Advisors investment professionals to obtain adequate information to evaluate the potential returns from investing in these companies. If GC Advisors is unable to uncover all material information about these companies, it would not be able to make a fully informed investment decision and we could lose money on our investments. Compared to larger companies, middle market companies typically have shorter operating histories, more limited financial resources, newer technologies and or products, smaller market shares, less experienced management teams and less predictable operating results, and often participate in quickly evolving markets, and are more reliant on a small number of products, managers or clients. Middle market companies could also require substantial additional capital to support their operations, finance expansion or maintain their competitive position and could have difficulty accessing the capital markets to meet future capital needs, which could limit their ability to grow or to repay their outstanding indebtedness upon 
 63 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 maturity. In addition, the middle market companies in which we invest could be subject to governmental and non-governmental regulations, including by federal and state regulators and various self-regulatory organizations and the costs of complying with these laws and regulations could be more material to the company as compared to a larger company. If a company in which we directly or indirectly invest fails to comply with an applicable regulatory regime, it could be subject to fines, injunctions, operating restrictions or criminal prosecution, any of which could materially and adversely affect the value of our investment. We will not control a portfolio company s management or the manner in which a company s management addresses the company s risks except in the event that a portfolio company defaults on its loan from us and we seek to enforce our security interest. In addition, middle market companies often require additional financing to expand or maintain their competitive position, and they could have a more difficult time obtaining additional capital than larger companies. 
 An important concern in making investments is the possibility of material misrepresentation or omission on the part of the portfolio company. Such inaccuracy or incompleteness can adversely affect, among other things, the valuation of collateral, other debt obligations, our ability to perfect or effectuate a lien on the collateral securing a loan or other debt obligation, the financial condition of the issuer, or the business prospects of the issuer. We will rely upon the accuracy and completeness of representations made by portfolio companies to the extent reasonable. However, there can be no guarantee that such representations are accurate or complete. 
 If the issuer of securities purchased by us does not perform to GC Advisors expectations, the value of its equity and debt securities would likely decline and the issuer could default on its obligations. Poor performance can be caused by a number of factors, including failures of management, competitive pressures, pressure by customers and suppliers, labor unrest, or force majeure events, such as the current COVID-19 pandemic. While GC Advisors intends to invest in portfolio companies in industries that it believes are insulated from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, there can be no assurance that such portfolio companies will not be adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic or other market or economic conditions. 
 The value of our investments in loans will likely be detrimentally affected to the extent a borrower defaults on its obligations, there is insufficient collateral, and or there are extensive legal and other costs incurred in collecting on a defaulted loan. GC Advisors will attempt to minimize this risk, for example, by maintaining low loan-to-liquidation values with each loan and the collateral underlying the loan. However, there can be no assurance that the liquidation value assigned by GC Advisors would be realized by the portfolio company upon liquidation, nor can there be any assurance that such collateral will retain its value. In addition, certain of our loans will be supported, in whole or in part, by personal guarantees made by the borrower or an affiliate of the borrower. If such guarantee is called and the guarantor fails to meet its obligations under the guarantee, the amount realizable with respect to a loan will generally be detrimentally affected. There could be a monetary as well as a time cost involved in collecting on defaulted loans and, if applicable, taking possession of various types of collateral. In addition, any activity deemed to be active lending origination by us could subject it to additional regulation. 
 An investment strategy focused primarily on privately held companies presents certain challenges, including, but not limited to, the lack of available information about these companies. 
 We invest primarily in privately held companies. Because private companies have reduced access to the capital markets, such companies may have diminished capital resources and ability to withstand financial distress. Often, the depth and breadth of experience of management in private companies tends to be less than that at public companies, which makes such companies more likely to depend on the management talents and efforts of a smaller group of persons and or persons with less depth and breadth of experience. Therefore, the decisions made by such management teams and or the departure of one or more of these persons could have a material adverse impact on the portfolio company and, as a result our investments. 
 We would be subject to risks if we are required to assume operation of portfolio companies upon default. 
 We, together with other funds managed by GC Advisors and its affiliates, would be expected to take over a portfolio company if the company defaults on its loans. Depending on factors including the health of the economy, the credit cycle, and the portfolio companies various industries, it is reasonable to assume that portfolio companies will default over time, and this risk is significantly increased by the COVID-19 pandemic. In such circumstances, we and the other funds would likely seek to enforce our rights under the applicable credit documentation and could opt to take over such portfolio companies. When a portfolio company is taken over, we and the other funds and their investors are subject to different risks than we are as holders of interests in loans to such portfolio company. Operating a portfolio company, even for a limited period of time pending the sale of collateral, can distract senior personnel of GC Advisors and its affiliates from their normal business. Additionally, defaulting portfolio companies 
 64 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 often require additional capital to be effectively turned around. There is no guarantee that any defaulting portfolio company can be turned around or that our investments in such portfolio company will be successful. Finally, operating a portfolio company could subject us to potential liabilities, including management, employment, and or environmental liabilities 
 The lack of liquidity in our investments could adversely affect our business. 
 The debt to which we are primarily exposed is expected to consist predominantly of loans and notes that are obligations of corporations, partnerships or other entities. This debt often has no, or only a limited, trading market. The investment in illiquid debt will often restrict our ability to dispose of investments in a timely fashion, for a fair price, or at all. If an underlying issuer of debt experiences an adverse event, this illiquidity would make it more difficult for us to sell such debt, and we could instead be required to pursue a workout or alternate way out of the position. To the extent debt in a portfolio company is also held by other third-party investors, we would generally have limited control over a workout or alternate means of disposition and the person(s) having such control could have interests that are not aligned with ours. We would likely also face other restrictions on our ability to liquidate an investment in a portfolio company to the extent that we, GC Advisors, Golub Capital or any of its affiliates have material non-public information regarding such portfolio company. 
 Price declines and illiquidity in the corporate debt markets could adversely affect the fair value of our portfolio investments, reducing our net asset value through increased net unrealized depreciation. 
 As a business development company, we are required to carry our investments at market value or, if no market value is ascertainable, at fair value as determined in good faith by our board of directors. The fair value methodology utilized is in accordance with the fair value principles established by the Accounting Standards Codification Topic 820. Our board of directors uses the services of one or more independent service providers to review the valuation of our illiquid investments. Valuations reflect significant events that affect the value of the instruments. As part of the valuation process, we could take into account the following types of factors, if relevant, in determining the fair value of our investments 
 a comparison of the portfolio company s securities to publicly traded securities 
 the enterprise value of the portfolio company 
 the nature and realizable value of any collateral 
 the portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earnings and discounted cash flow 
 the markets in which the portfolio company does business and 
 changes in the interest rate environment and the credit markets generally that could affect the price at which similar investments could be made in the future and other relevant factors. 
 The fair value measurement seeks to approximate the price that would be received for an investment on a current sale and assumes that the transaction to sell an asset occurs in the principal market for such asset or, in the absence of a principal market, the most advantageous market for such asset, which could be a hypothetical market, and excludes transaction costs. When an external event such as a purchase transaction, public offering or subsequent equity sale occurs, we use the pricing indicated by the external event to corroborate our valuation. We record decreases in the market values or fair values of our investments as unrealized depreciation. Declines in prices and liquidity in the corporate debt markets could result in significant net unrealized depreciation in our portfolio. The effect of all of these factors on our portfolio could reduce our net asset value by increasing net unrealized depreciation in our portfolio. Depending on market conditions, we could incur substantial realized losses and could suffer additional unrealized losses in future periods, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Because orderly markets currently do not exist for some investments, and because valuations, and particularly valuations of private investments and private companies, require judgment, are inherently uncertain, could fluctuate over short periods and are often based on estimates, our determinations of the fair value of investments could differ materially from the values that would have been used had a ready market existed for such investments. 
 65 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Portfolio companies could prepay loans, which could reduce our yields if capital returned is not invested in transactions with equal or greater expected yields. 
 The loans in our investment portfolio could be prepaid at any time, generally with little advance notice. Whether a loan is prepaid will depend both on the continued positive performance of the portfolio company and the existence of favorable financing market conditions that allow such company the ability to replace existing financing with less expensive capital. As market conditions change, we do not know when, and if, prepayment could be possible for each portfolio company. Certain fixed-income securities are subject to the risk of unanticipated prepayment. Prepayment risk is the risk that, when interest rates fall, the issuer will redeem the security prior to the security s expected maturity. It is possible that we will reinvest the proceeds from such a redemption at a lower interest rate, resulting in less income to us. Securities subject to prepayment risk generally offer less potential for gains when prevailing interest rates fall. If we buy those securities at a premium, accelerated prepayments on those securities could cause us to lose a portion of its principal investment. The impact of prepayments on the price of a security can be difficult to predict and could increase the security s price volatility. 
 We are subject to credit and default risk and our portfolio companies could be unable to repay or refinance outstanding principal on their loans at or prior to maturity. 
 Credit risk refers to the likelihood that a borrower will default in the payment of principal and or interest. Financial strength and solvency of a borrower are the primary factors influencing credit risk. Lack or inadequacy of collateral or credit enhancement for a debt instrument could also affect its credit risk. Credit risk can change over the life of a loan, and securities and other debt instruments that are rated by rating agencies can be downgraded. This risk and the risk of default is increased to the extent that the loan documents do not require the portfolio companies to pay down the outstanding principal of such debt prior to maturity, which is expected to be a common feature among many of our loan investments. Investments with a deferred interest feature, such as original issue discount income and payment-in-kind interest, could represent a higher credit risk than investments that must pay interest in full in cash on a regular basis. 
 A significant downturn in the economy or a particular economic sector could have a significant impact on the business prospects of the portfolio companies to which we are exposed, whether directly or indirectly. Such developments could adversely affect the ability of such companies to comply with their loan repayment obligations. It is possible that the issuer of a note or other instrument in which we invest could default on its debts, in which case we could lose most or all of its investment in that instrument, subjecting us to significant loss. The risk and magnitude of losses associated with defaults could be increased where the instrument is leveraged. 
 We have not yet identified the portfolio company investments we will acquire and we could have difficulty sourcing investment opportunities. 
 While we currently hold a portfolio of investments, we have not yet identified additional potential investments for our portfolio that we will acquire with the proceeds of any offering of securities or repayments of investments currently in our portfolio. Privately negotiated investments in loans and illiquid securities or private middle-market companies require substantial due diligence and structuring, and we cannot provide any assurance that we will achieve our anticipated investment pace. As a result, investors will not be able to evaluate any future portfolio company investments prior to purchasing our securities. Additionally, GC Advisors selects all of our investments, and our stockholders will have no input with respect to such investment decisions. These factors increase the uncertainty, and thus the risk, of investing in our securities. We anticipate that we will use substantially all of the net proceeds of any sale of our securities within approximately six months following the completion of any sale of our securities, depending on the availability of appropriate investment opportunities consistent with our investment objectives and market conditions. Until such appropriate investment opportunities can be found, we could also invest the net proceeds in cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities and high-quality debt investments that mature in one year or less from the date of investment. We expect these temporary investments to earn yields substantially lower than the income that we expect to receive in respect of our targeted investment types. As a result, any distributions we make during this period could be substantially smaller than the distributions that we expect to pay when our portfolio is fully invested. 
 66 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 We are a non-diversified investment company within the meaning of the 1940 Act, and therefore we are not limited with respect to the proportion of our assets that could be invested in securities of a single issuer. 
 We are classified as a non-diversified investment company within the meaning of the 1940 Act, which means that we are not limited by the 1940 Act with respect to the proportion of our assets that we could invest in securities of a single issuer. To the extent that we assume large positions in the securities of a small number of issuers, our net asset value could fluctuate to a greater extent than that of a diversified investment company as a result of changes in the financial condition or the market s assessment of the issuer. We could also be more susceptible to any single economic or regulatory occurrence than a diversified investment company. Beyond our asset diversification requirements as a RIC under the Code, we do not have fixed guidelines for diversification, and our investments could be concentrated in relatively few portfolio companies. Although we are classified as a non-diversified investment company within the meaning of the 1940 Act, we maintain the flexibility to operate as a diversified investment company and have done so for an extended period of time. 
 Our portfolio could be concentrated in a limited number of portfolio companies and industries, which will subject us to a risk of significant loss if any of these companies defaults on its obligations under any of its debt instruments or if there is a downturn in a particular industry. 
 It is possible that our portfolio could be concentrated in a limited number of portfolio companies and industries. As a result, our interests could be impaired by the concentration of our investments in any one obligor or obligors in a particular industry or geographic location in the event that such obligor, industry or geographic location were to experience adverse business conditions or other adverse events, including the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, defaults could be highly correlated with particular obligors, industries or geographic locations. If loans involving a particular obligor, industry or geographic location represent more than a small proportion of our portfolio, and that obligor, industry or geographic location were to experience difficulties that would affect payments on the loans, the overall timing and amount of collections on the loans held by us could differ from what was expected. 
 We could hold the debt securities of leveraged companies that could, due to the significant volatility of such companies, enter into bankruptcy proceedings. 
 Leveraged companies could experience bankruptcy or similar financial distress, and the risk of these events has been significantly increased by the COVID-19 pandemic. The bankruptcy process has a number of significant inherent risks. Many events in a bankruptcy proceeding are products of contested matters and adversarial proceedings and are beyond the control of the creditors. A bankruptcy filing by an issuer could have adverse and permanent effects on the issuer. If the proceeding is converted to a liquidation, the value of the issuer will not necessarily equal the liquidation value that was believed to exist at the time of the investment. A bankruptcy or other workout, often raises conflicts of interests (including, for example, conflicts over proposed waivers and amendments to debt covenants), including between investors who hold different types of interests in the applicable company. The duration of a bankruptcy proceeding is also difficult to predict, and a creditor s return on investment can be adversely affected by delays until the plan of reorganization or liquidation ultimately becomes effective. The administrative costs of a bankruptcy proceeding are frequently high and are paid out of the debtor s estate prior to any return to creditors. Because the standards for classification of claims under bankruptcy law are vague, our influence with respect to the class of securities or other obligations it owns could be reduced by increases in the number and monetary value of claims in the same class or by different classification and treatment. In the early stages of the bankruptcy process, it is often difficult to estimate the extent of, or even to identify, any contingent claims that might be made. In addition, certain claims that have priority by law (for example, claims for taxes) can be substantial. 
 Depending on the facts and circumstances of our investments and the extent of our involvement in the management of a portfolio company, upon the bankruptcy of a portfolio company, a bankruptcy court could recharacterize our debt investments as equity interests and subordinate all or a portion of our claim to that of other creditors. This could occur even though we have structured our investment as senior debt. 
 Our failure to make follow-on investments in our portfolio companies could impair the value of our portfolio. 
 Following an initial investment in a portfolio company, we could make additional investments in that portfolio company as follow-on investments, in seeking to 
 increase or maintain in whole or in part our position as a creditor or equity ownership percentage in a portfolio company 
 67 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 exercise warrants, options or convertible securities that were acquired in the original or subsequent financing or 
 preserve or enhance the value of our investment. 
 We have discretion to make follow-on investments, subject to the availability of capital resources. Failure on our part to make follow-on investments could, in some circumstances, jeopardize the continued viability of a portfolio company and our initial investment, or could result in a missed opportunity for us to increase our participation in a successful portfolio company. Even if we have sufficient capital to make a desired follow-on investment, we could elect not to make a follow-on investment because we do not want to increase our level of risk, because we prefer other opportunities or because of regulatory or other considerations. Our ability to make follow-on investments could also be limited by GC Advisors allocation policy. 
 Because we generally do not hold controlling equity interests in our portfolio companies, we generally will not be able to exercise control over our portfolio companies or to prevent decisions by management of our portfolio companies that could decrease the value of our investments. 
 To the extent we do not hold controlling equity positions in our portfolio companies, we are subject to the risk that a portfolio company makes business decisions with which we disagree, and that the management and or stockholders of a portfolio company could take risks or otherwise act in ways that are adverse to our interests. Due to the lack of liquidity of the debt and equity investments that we typically hold in our portfolio companies, we can provide no assurance that we will be able to dispose of our investments in the event we disagree with the actions of a portfolio company and could therefore suffer a decrease in the value of our investments. 
 Our portfolio companies could incur debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, our investments in such companies and such portfolio companies could fail to generate sufficient cash flow to service their debt obligations to us. 
 We have invested and intend to invest a portion of our capital in second lien and subordinated loans issued by our portfolio companies, and we could have exposure to a variety of debt that captures particular layers of a borrower s credit structure, such as last out or second lien debt, or other subordinated investments that rank below other obligations of the borrower in right of payment. Subordinated investments are subject to greater risk of loss than senior obligations where there are adverse changes to the financial condition of the borrower or a decline in general economic conditions. Subordinated investments could expose us to particular risks in a distress scenario, such as the risk that creditors are not aligned. Holders of subordinated investments generally have less ability to affect the results of a distressed scenario than holders of more senior investments. Additionally, lenders to companies operating in workout modes are, in certain circumstances, subject to potential liabilities that could exceed the amount of such loan purchased by us. 
 We have made in the past, and could make in the future, unsecured loans to portfolio companies, meaning that such loans will not benefit from any interest in collateral of such companies. Liens on a portfolio company s collateral, if any, will secure the portfolio company s obligations under its outstanding secured debt and could secure certain future debt that is permitted to be incurred by the portfolio company under its secured loan agreements. The holders of obligations secured by such liens will generally control the liquidation of, and be entitled to receive proceeds from, any realization of such collateral to repay their obligations in full before us. In addition, the value of such collateral in the event of liquidation will depend on market and economic conditions, the availability of buyers and other factors. There can be no assurance that the proceeds, if any, from sales of such collateral would be sufficient to satisfy our unsecured loan obligations after payment in full of all loans secured by collateral. If such proceeds were not sufficient to repay the outstanding secured loan obligations, then our unsecured claims would rank equally with the unpaid portion of such secured creditors claims against the portfolio company s remaining assets, if any. 
 The rights we could have with respect to the collateral securing any junior priority loans we make to our portfolio companies could also be limited pursuant to the terms of one or more intercreditor agreements that we enter into with the holders of senior debt. Under a typical intercreditor agreement, at any time that obligations that have the benefit of the first priority liens are outstanding, any of the following actions that could be taken in respect of the collateral will be at the direction of the holders of the obligations secured by the first priority liens 
 the ability to cause the commencement of enforcement proceedings against the collateral 
 the ability to control the conduct of such proceedings 
 68 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 the approval of amendments to collateral documents 
 releases of liens on the collateral and 
 waivers of past defaults under collateral documents. 
 We will not always have the ability to control or direct such actions, even if our rights as junior lenders are adversely affected. 
 The disposition of our investments could result in contingent liabilities. 
 A significant portion of our investments involve private securities. In connection with the disposition of an investment in private securities, we could be required to make representations about the business and financial affairs of the portfolio company typical of those made in connection with the sale of a business. We could also be required to indemnify the purchasers of such investment to the extent that any such representations turn out to be inaccurate or with respect to potential liabilities. These arrangements could result in contingent liabilities that ultimately result in funding obligations that we must satisfy through our return of payments previously received by us. 
 GC Advisors liability is limited, and we have agreed to indemnify GC Advisors against certain liabilities, which could lead GC Advisors to act in a riskier manner on our behalf than it would when acting for its own account. 
 Under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement, and the collateral management agreements for each of the 2014 Debt Securitization (prior to the 2014 Notes redemption), 2018 Debt Securitization, GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization and 2020 Debt Securitization (prior to the 2020 Notes redemption), GC Advisors does not assume any responsibility to us other than to render the services called for under those agreements, and it is not responsible for any action of our board of directors in following or declining to follow GC Advisors advice or recommendations. Under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement, and each of the collateral management agreements GC Advisors, its officers, members, personnel, and any person controlling or controlled by GC Advisors are not liable to us, any subsidiary of ours, our directors, our stockholders or any subsidiary s stockholders or partners for acts or omissions performed in accordance with and pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement, and the collateral management agreements, except those resulting from acts constituting gross negligence, willful misconduct, bad faith or reckless disregard of GC Advisors duties under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement, and the collateral management agreements. In addition, we have agreed to indemnify GC Advisors and each of its officers, directors, members, managers and employees from and against any claims or liabilities, including reasonable legal fees and other expenses reasonably incurred, arising out of or in connection with our business and operations or any action taken or omitted on our behalf pursuant to authority granted by the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement, and the collateral management agreements, except where attributable to gross negligence, willful misconduct, bad faith or reckless disregard of such person s duties under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement, and the collateral management agreements. These protections could lead GC Advisors to act in a riskier manner when acting on our behalf than it would when acting for its own account. 
 We could be subject to risks related to investments in non-U.S. companies. 
 We have invested and continue to make investments in issuers located outside the United States. Investments in issuers located outside the United States that are generally denominated in non-U.S. currencies involve both risks and opportunities not typically associated with investing in securities of United States companies. The legal and regulatory environments often have material differences, particularly as to bankruptcy and reorganization. Other considerations include changes in exchange rates and exchange control regulations, political and social instability, general economic conditions, expropriation, imposition of non-U.S. taxes, less liquid markets and less available information than is generally the case in the United States, higher transaction costs, foreign government restrictions, less government supervision of exchanges, brokers and issuers, greater risks associated with counterparties and settlement, less developed bankruptcy laws, difficulty in enforcing contractual obligations, lack of uniform accounting and auditing standards and greater price volatility. Among the factors that could affect currency values are trade balances, the level of short-term interest rates, differences in relative values of similar assets in different currencies, long-term opportunities for investment and capital appreciation and political developments. We could employ hedging techniques to minimize these risks, but we cannot assure you that such strategies will be effective or without risk to us. As of September 30, 2021, we were invested in securities of twenty-three non-U.S. companies. 
 69 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Securities issued by non-U.S. companies are not qualifying assets under the 1940 Act, and we could invest in non-U.S. companies, including emerging markets issuers, to the limited extent such investments are permitted under the 1940 Act. 
 We could be subject to risks if we engage in hedging transactions and could become subject to risks if we invest in foreign securities. 
 Under the 1940 Act, a business development company is restricted from acquiring any asset other than assets of the type listed in the 1940 Act, which are referred to as qualifying assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the company s total assets. In order for our investments to be classified as qualifying assets, among other requirements, such investments must be in issuers organized under the laws of, and which have their principal place of business in, any state of the United States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands or any other possession of the United States. 
 We can invest in non-U.S. companies, including emerging market issuers, to the limited extent such investments are permitted under the 1940 Act. We expect that these investments would focus on the same types of investments that we make in U.S. middle market companies and accordingly would be complementary to our overall strategy and enhance the diversity of our holdings. Investing in securities of emerging market issuers involves many risks including economic, social, political, financial, tax and security conditions in the emerging market, potential inflationary economic environments, regulation by foreign governments, different accounting standards and political uncertainties. Economic, social, political, financial, tax and security conditions also could negatively affect the value of emerging market companies. These factors could include changes in the emerging market government s economic and fiscal policies, the possible imposition of, or changes in, currency exchange laws or other laws or restrictions applicable to the emerging market companies or investments in their securities and the possibility of fluctuations in the rate of exchange between currencies. Any of our portfolio company investments that are denominated in foreign currencies will be subject to the risks associated with fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which fluctuations could adversely affect our performance. 
 We have and could in the future enter into hedging transactions to the limited extent such transactions are permitted under the 1940 Act and applicable commodities laws. Engaging in hedging transactions or investing in foreign securities would entail additional risks to our stockholders. We could, for example, use instruments such as interest rate swaps, caps, collars and floors and, if we were to invest in foreign securities, we could use instruments such as forward contracts or currency options in currencies selected to hedge against fluctuations in the relative values of our portfolio positions from changes in currency exchange rates and market interest rates. We could also, for example, borrow under a credit facility in currencies selected to minimize our foreign currency exposure. Use of these hedging instruments could include counterparty credit risk. In each such case, we generally would seek to hedge against fluctuations of the relative values of our portfolio positions from changes in market interest rates or currency exchange rates. While hedging transactions can reduce such risks, they generally will not be designed to prevent all loss from our position. There also could be barriers that prevent us from entering into certain hedging transactions. These barriers will not necessarily impact other investment funds managed by GC Advisors or its affiliates. Hedging transactions could result in a lower overall performance for us than if it had not entered into hedging transactions and generally introduces new risks, such as counterparty risk and greater illiquidity. In addition, we are permitted to borrow funds in one or more foreign currencies as a form of protection against currency risk. The use of such financing could create new risks not traditionally associated with credit facilities or other forms of leverage. Conversely, to the extent that we do not enter into hedging transactions, borrower defaults and fluctuations in currency exchange rates or interest rates could result in poorer overall performance for us than if it had entered into such hedging transactions. 
 The success of any hedging transactions that we enter into will depend on our ability to correctly predict movements in currency and interest rates. Therefore, while we could enter into hedging transactions to seek to reduce currency exchange rate and interest rate risks, unanticipated changes in currency exchange rates or interest rates could result in poorer overall investment performance than if we had not engaged in any such hedging transactions. In addition, the degree of correlation between price movements of the instruments used in a hedging strategy and price movements in the portfolio positions being hedged could vary. Moreover, for a variety of reasons, we would not necessarily seek to (or be able to) establish a perfect correlation between the hedging instruments and the portfolio holdings being hedged. Any such imperfect correlation could prevent us from achieving the intended hedge and expose us to risk of loss. In addition, it is often not possible to hedge fully or perfectly against currency fluctuations affecting the value of securities denominated in non-U.S. currencies because the value of those securities would likely fluctuate as a result of factors not related to currency fluctuations. Our ability to engage in hedging transactions could also be limited under the Code as well as adversely affected by rules adopted by the CFTC. 
 70 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 We could suffer losses from our equity investments. 
 While our investment portfolio will be focused on loans, we are also permitted to invest in equity securities. Such investments are expected to represent minority ownership in the issuer and are subordinate to the claims of the issuer s creditors and, to the extent such securities are common securities, to preferred equity holders. The value of equity securities is dependent on the performance of the issuer and can fluctuate based on the issuer s financial performance, market conditions, and overall economic conditions. Dividends paid to equity holders could be suspended or cancelled at any time, and minority owners could have limited protections. We also could be unable to realize any value if a portfolio company does not have a liquidity event, such as a sale of the business, recapitalization or public offering, which would allow us to sell our underlying equity interests. In addition, if an issuer of equity securities in which we have invested sells additional shares of its equity securities, our interest in the issuer will be diluted and the value of our investment could decrease. For the foregoing reasons, investments in equity securities can be highly speculative and carry a substantial risk of loss of investment. Investments in equity securities can carry additional risks or have other characteristics that require different structuring. As such, these investments can be made directly, or indirectly through blocker entities or otherwise. 
 We could be subject to lender liability claims with respect to our portfolio company investments. 
 A number of judicial decisions have upheld judgments for borrowers against lending institutions on the basis of various legal theories, collectively termed lender liability. Generally, lender liability is founded on the premise that a lender has violated a duty (whether implied or contractual) of good faith, commercial reasonableness and fair dealing or a similar duty owed to the borrower, or has assumed an excessive degree of control over the borrower resulting in the creation of a fiduciary duty owed to the borrower or its other creditors or stockholders. We could be required to defend allegations of lender liability from time to time. 
 Loans to companies operating in workout modes or under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code are, in certain circumstances, subject to certain potential liabilities that could exceed the amount of such loan purchased by us. Under common law principles that in some cases form the basis for lender liability claims, if a lender or bondholder (i) intentionally takes an action that results in the undercapitalization of a borrower to the detriment of other creditors of such borrower, (ii) engages in other inequitable conduct to the detriment of such other creditors, (iii) engages in fraud with respect to, or makes misrepresentations to, such other creditors or (iv) uses its influence as a stockholder to dominate or control a borrower to the detriment of other creditors of such borrower, a court could elect to subordinate the claim of the offending lender or bondholder to the claims of the disadvantaged creditor or creditors, a remedy called equitable subordination. Because of the nature of the loans, the loans could be subject to claims of subordination. 

Risks Relating to Investors in Our Securities 
 Investing in our securities could involve an above average degree of risk. 
 The investments we make in accordance with our investment objective could result in a higher amount of risk than alternative investment options and a higher risk of volatility or loss of principal. Our investments in portfolio companies involve higher levels of risk, and therefore, an investment in our securities may not be suitable for someone with lower risk tolerance. 
 Shares of closed-end investment companies, including business development companies, often trade at a discount to their net asset value. 
 Shares of closed-end investment companies, including business development companies, could trade at a discount from net asset value. This characteristic of closed-end investment companies and business development companies is separate and distinct from the risk that our net asset value per share could decline. We cannot predict whether our common stock will trade at, above or below net asset value. 
 There is a risk that investors in our equity securities will not receive distributions or that our distributions do not grow over time and a portion of our distributions could be a return of capital. 
 We intend to make distributions on a quarterly basis to our stockholders out of assets legally available for distribution. We cannot assure you that we will achieve investment results that will allow us to make a specified level of cash distributions or year-to-year increases in cash distributions. Our ability to pay distributions could be adversely affected by the impact of one or more of the risk factors described in this annual report on Form 10-K. Due to the asset coverage test applicable to us under the 1940 Act as a business development company, we could be 
 71 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 limited in our ability to make distributions. In addition, all distributions are and will be paid at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our earnings, financial condition, maintenance of our RIC status, compliance with applicable business development company regulations and such other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant from time to time. If we declare a distribution and if more stockholders opt to receive cash distributions rather than participate in our dividend reinvestment plan, we could be forced to sell some of our investments in order to make cash distribution payments. In the event that we encounter delays in locating suitable investment opportunities, we could also pay all or a substantial portion of our distributions from the proceeds of private placements of our common stock or from borrowings in anticipation of future cash flow, which may constitute a return of stockholders capital. To the extent we make distributions to stockholders that include a return of capital, such portion of the distribution essentially constitutes a return of the stockholder s investment. Although such return of capital is generally not currently taxable, such distributions would generally decrease a stockholder s basis in our common stock and could therefore increase such stockholder s tax liability for capital gains upon the future sale of such stock or other disposition. A return of capital distribution could cause a stockholder to recognize a capital gain from the sale of our common stock even if the stockholder sells its shares for less than the original purchase price. 
 We have not established any limit on the amount of funds we can use from available sources, such as borrowings, if any, or proceeds from private placements of our common stock, to fund distributions (which could reduce the amount of capital we ultimately invest in assets). 
 Any distributions made from sources other than cash flow from operations or relying on fee or expense reimbursement waivers, if any, from GC Advisors or the Administrator are not based on our investment performance, and can only be sustained if we achieve positive investment performance in future periods and or GC Advisors or the Administrator continues to make such expense reimbursements, if any. The extent to which we pay distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations will depend on various factors, including the level of participation in our DRIP, how quickly we invest the proceeds from any offerings of our securities and the performance of our investments. There can be no assurance that we will achieve such performance in order to sustain any level of distributions, or be able to pay distributions at all. GC Advisors and the Administrator have no obligation to waive fees or receipt of expense reimbursements, if any. 
 The market price of our securities could fluctuate significantly. 
 The market price and liquidity of the market for our securities could be significantly affected by numerous factors, some of which are beyond our control and may not be directly related to our operating performance. These factors include 
 significant volatility in the market price and trading volume of securities of business development companies or other companies in our sector, which are not necessarily related to the operating performance of the companies 
 changes in regulatory policies, accounting pronouncements or tax guidelines, particularly with respect to RICs and business development companies 
 loss of our qualification as a RIC or business development company 
 changes in market interest rates and decline in the prices of debt, 
 changes in earnings or variations in operating results 
 changes in the value of our portfolio investments 
 changes in accounting guidelines governing valuation of our investments 
 any shortfall in revenue or net income or any increase in losses from levels expected by investors or securities analysts 
 departure of GC Advisors or any of its affiliates key personnel 
 operating performance of companies comparable to us 
 general economic trends and other external factors and 
 loss of a major funding source. 
 72 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 The Unsecured Notes are unsecured and therefore are effectively subordinated to any secured indebtedness we have incurred or may incur in the future. 
 The Unsecured Notes are not secured by any of our assets or any of the assets of our subsidiaries. As a result, the Unsecured Notes are effectively subordinated, or junior, to any secured indebtedness or other obligations we or our subsidiaries have outstanding as of the date of issuance of the Unsecured Notes or that we or our subsidiaries may incur in the future (or any indebtedness that is initially unsecured in respect of which we subsequently grant security) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. A substantial portion of our assets are currently pledged as collateral under the Debt Securitizations and Revolving Credit Facilities. In any liquidation, dissolution, bankruptcy or other similar proceeding, the holders of any of our existing or future secured indebtedness and the secured indebtedness of our subsidiaries may assert rights against the assets pledged to secure that indebtedness in order to receive full payment of their indebtedness before the assets may be used to pay other creditors, including the holders of the Unsecured Notes. As of September 30, 2021, we had an aggregate of approximately 1.4 billion of outstanding borrowings under the Debt Securitizations and the Revolving Credit Facilities, all of which are secured and thus effectively senior to the Unsecured Notes. 
 The Unsecured Notes are structurally subordinated to the indebtedness and other liabilities of our 
 subsidiaries. 
 The Unsecured Notes are obligations exclusively of Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and not of any of our subsidiaries. None of our subsidiaries is a guarantor of the Unsecured Notes and the Unsecured Notes are not required to be guaranteed by any subsidiaries we may acquire or create in the future. The assets of such subsidiaries are not directly available to satisfy the claims of our creditors, including holders of the Unsecured Notes. 
 Except to the extent we are a creditor with recognized claims against our subsidiaries, all claims of creditors (including trade creditors) and holders of preferred stock, if any, of our subsidiaries will have priority over our equity interests in such subsidiaries (and therefore the claims of our creditors, including holders of the Unsecured Notes) with respect to the assets of such subsidiaries. Even if we are recognized as a creditor of one or more of our subsidiaries, our claims would still be effectively subordinated to any security interests in the assets of any such subsidiary and to any indebtedness or other liabilities of any such subsidiary senior to our claims. Consequently, the Unsecured Notes are structurally subordinated, or junior, to the Debt Securitizations, the Revolving Credit Facilities and other liabilities (including trade payables) incurred by any of our existing or future subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. All of the existing indebtedness of our subsidiaries is structurally senior to the Unsecured Notes. 
 In addition, our subsidiaries and any additional subsidiaries that we may form may incur substantial additional 
 indebtedness in the future, all of which would be structurally senior to the Unsecured Notes. 
 The indenture governing the Unsecured Notes contains limited protection for holders of the 
 Unsecured Notes. 
 The indenture governing the Unsecured Notes offers limited protection to holders of the Unsecured 
 Notes. The terms of the indenture and the Unsecured Notes do not restrict our or any of our subsidiaries ability to engage in, or otherwise be a party to, a variety of corporate transactions, circumstances or events that could have a material adverse impact on an investment in the Unsecured Notes. In particular, the terms of the indenture and the Unsecured Notes do not place any restrictions on our or our subsidiaries ability to 
 issue securities or otherwise incur additional indebtedness or other obligations, including (1) any indebtedness or other obligations that would be pari passu, or equal, in right of payment to the Unsecured Notes, (2) any indebtedness or other obligations that would be secured and therefore rank effectively senior in right of payment to the Unsecured Notes to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, (3) indebtedness or other obligations of ours that are guaranteed by one or more of our subsidiaries and which therefore are structurally senior to the Unsecured Notes and (4) securities, indebtedness or other obligations issued or incurred by our subsidiaries that would be senior to our equity interests in our subsidiaries and therefore rank structurally senior to the Unsecured Notes with respect to the assets of our subsidiaries, in each case other than an incurrence of indebtedness or other obligations that would cause a violation of Section 18(a)(1)(A) of the 1940 Act as modified by Section 61(a)(1) and (2) of the 1940 Act or any successor provisions, as such obligations may be amended or superseded, giving effect to any exemptive relief granted to us by the SEC. Currently, these provisions generally prohibit us from 
 73 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 incurring additional borrowings, including through the issuance of additional debt securities, unless our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 150 after such borrowings 
 pay dividends on, or purchase or redeem or make any payments in respect of, capital stock or other securities ranking junior in right of payment to the Unsecured Notes 
 sell assets (other than certain limited restrictions on our ability to consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets) 
 enter into transactions with affiliates 
 create liens (including liens on the shares of our subsidiaries) or enter into sale and leaseback transactions 
 make investments or 
 create restrictions on the payment of dividends or other amounts to us from our subsidiaries. 
 Furthermore, the terms of the indenture and the Unsecured Notes do not protect holders of the Unsecured Notes in the event that we experience changes (including significant adverse changes) in our financial condition, results of operations or credit ratings, as they do not require that we or our subsidiaries adhere to any financial tests or ratios or specified levels of net worth, revenues, income, cash flow or liquidity other than certain events of default under the indenture governing the Unsecured Notes. 
 Our ability to recapitalize, incur additional debt and take a number of other actions are not limited by the terms of the Unsecured Notes and may have important consequences for holders of the Unsecured Notes, including making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to the Unsecured Notes or negatively affecting the trading value of the Unsecured Notes. 
 Certain of our current debt instruments include more protections for their holders than the indenture and the 
 Unsecured Notes. In addition, other debt we issue or incur in the future could contain more protections for its 
 holders than the indenture and the Unsecured Notes, including additional covenants and events of default. The 
 issuance or incurrence of any such debt with incremental protections could affect the market for and trading levels 
 and prices of the Unsecured Notes. 
 If an active trading market for the Unsecured Notes does not develop, holders may not be able to resell them. 
 The Unsecured Notes are new issuances of debt securities and currently may or may not have an active trading market. We do not intend to apply for listing of the Unsecured Notes on any securities exchange or for quotation of the Unsecured Notes on any automated dealer quotation system. If no active trading market develops, holder may not be able to resell the Unsecured Notes at their fair market value or at all. If the Unsecured Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount from their initial offering price depending on prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, our credit ratings, general economic conditions, our financial condition, performance and prospects and other factors. Any market-making activity will be subject to limits imposed by law. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that a liquid trading market will develop for the Unsecured Notes, that holders will be able to sell the Unsecured Notes at a particular time or that the price received when sold will be favorable. To the extent an active trading market does not develop, the liquidity and trading price for the Unsecured Notes may be harmed. Accordingly, holders may be required to bear the financial risk of an investment in the Unsecured Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
 If we default on our obligations to pay our other indebtedness, we may not be able to make payments on the Unsecured Notes. 
 Any default under the agreements governing our indebtedness, including the Debt Securitizations, the Revolving Credit Facilities or other indebtedness to which we may be a party that is not waived by the required lenders or holders, and the remedies sought by the holders of such indebtedness could make us unable to pay principal, premium, if any, and interest on the Unsecured Notes and substantially decrease the market value of the Unsecured Notes. 
 If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow and are otherwise unable to obtain funds necessary to meet required 
 payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness, or if we otherwise fail to comply with the various covenants, including financial and operating covenants, in the instruments governing our indebtedness, we could be in default under the terms of the agreements governing such indebtedness. In the event of such default, the holders of such indebtedness could elect to declare all the funds borrowed thereunder to be due and payable, 
 74 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 together with accrued and unpaid interest, the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facilities or other debt we may incur in the future could elect to terminate their commitments, cease making further loans and institute foreclosure proceedings against our assets, and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. 
 If our operating performance declines, we may in the future need to seek to obtain waivers from the required lenders under the Revolving Credit Facilities or the required holders of the Debt Securitizations or other debt that we may incur in the future, to avoid being in default. If we breach our covenants under the Debt Securitizations, the Revolving Credit Facilities or other debt and seek a waiver, we may not be able to obtain a waiver from the required lenders or holders. If this occurs, we would be in default and our lenders or debt holders could exercise their rights as described above, and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. 
 If we are unable to repay debt, lenders or holders having secured obligations, including the lenders and holders under the Debt Securitizations and the Revolving Credit Facilities could proceed against the collateral securing the debt. Because the Revolving Credit Facilities have, and any future credit facilities will likely have, customary cross-default provisions, if the indebtedness thereunder or under any future credit facility is accelerated, we may be unable to repay or finance the amounts due. In the event holders of any debt securities we have outstanding exercise their rights to accelerate following a cross-default, those holders would be entitled to receive the principal amount of their investment, subject to any subordination arrangements that may be in place. We cannot assure you that we will have sufficient liquidity to be able to repay such amounts, in which case we would be in default under the accelerated debt and holders would have the ability to sue us to recover amounts then owing. 
 A downgrade, suspension or withdrawal of the credit rating assigned by a rating agency to us or the Unsecured Notes, if any, or change in the debt markets, could cause the liquidity or market value of the Unsecured Notes to decline significantly. 
 Our credit ratings are an assessment by rating agencies of our ability to pay our debts when due. Consequently, real or anticipated changes in our credit ratings will generally affect the market value of the Unsecured Notes or other debt securities we may issue. These credit ratings may not reflect the potential impact of risks relating to the structure or marketing of the Unsecured Notes. Credit ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any security, and may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the issuing organization in its sole discretion. Neither we nor any underwriter undertakes any obligation to maintain our credit ratings or to advise holders of the Unsecured Notes of any changes in our credit ratings. 
 An increase in market interest rates could result in a decrease in the market value of the Unsecured Notes. 
 The condition of the financial markets and prevailing interest rates have fluctuated in the past and are likely to fluctuate in the future, which could have an adverse effect on the market prices of the Unsecured Notes. In general, as market interest rates rise, debt securities bearing interest at fixed rates of interest decline in value. Consequently, if market interest rates increase, the market values of the Unsecured Notes with fixed interest rates may decline. We cannot predict the future level of market interest rates. 
 The optional redemption provision may materially adversely affect the return on the Unsecured Notes. 
 The Unsecured Notes are redeemable in whole or in part upon certain conditions at any time or from time to time at our option. We may choose to redeem the Unsecured Notes at times when prevailing interest rates are lower than the interest rate paid on the Unsecured Notes. In this circumstance, holders may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as the Unsecured Notes being redeemed. 
 We may not be able to repurchase the Unsecured Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event. 
 We may not be able to repurchase the Unsecured Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event (as defined in the indenture governing the Unsecured Notes) because we may not have sufficient funds. Upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event, holders of the Unsecured Notes may require us to repurchase for cash some or all of the Unsecured Notes at a repurchase price equal to 100 of the aggregate principal amount of the Unsecured Notes being repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the repurchase date. Our failure to purchase such tendered Unsecured Notes upon the occurrence of such Change of Control Repurchase Event would cause an event of default under the indenture governing the Unsecured Notes and a cross-default under the agreements governing certain of our other indebtedness, which may result in the acceleration of such indebtedness requiring us to repay that indebtedness immediately. 
 If we issue preferred stock, debt securities or convertible debt securities, the net asset value and market value of 
 our common stock may become more volatile. 
 75 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 We cannot assure you that the issuance of preferred stock and or debt securities would result in a higher yield or return to the holders of our common stock. The issuance of preferred stock, debt securities or convertible debt would likely cause the net asset value and market value of our common stock to become more volatile. If the dividend rate on the preferred stock, or the interest rate on the debt securities, were to approach the net rate of return on our investment portfolio, the benefit of leverage to the holders of our common stock would be reduced. If the dividend rate on the preferred stock, or the interest rate on the debt securities, were to exceed the net rate of return on our portfolio, the use of leverage would result in a lower rate of return to the holders of our common stock than if we had not issued the preferred stock or debt securities. Any decline in the net asset value of our investment would be borne entirely by the holders of our common stock. Therefore, if the market value of our portfolio were to decline, the leverage would result in a greater decrease in net asset value to the holders of our common stock than if we were not leveraged through the issuance of preferred stock. This decline in net asset value would also tend to cause a greater decline in the market price for our common stock. 
 There is also a risk that, in the event of a sharp decline in the value of our net assets, we would be in danger of failing to maintain required asset coverage ratios which may be required by the preferred stock, debt securities, convertible debt or units or of a downgrade in the ratings of the preferred stock, debt securities, convertible debt or units or our current investment income might not be sufficient to meet the dividend requirements on the preferred stock or the interest payments on the debt securities. In order to counteract such an event, we might need to liquidate investments in order to fund redemption of some or all of the preferred stock, debt securities or convertible debt. In addition, we would pay (and the holders of our common stock would bear) all costs and expenses relating to the issuance and ongoing maintenance of the preferred stock, debt securities, convertible debt or any combination of these securities. Holders of preferred stock, debt securities or convertible debt may have different interests than holders of common stock and may at times have disproportionate influence over our affairs. 
 We are a holding company and depend on payments from our subsidiaries in order to make payments on any debt securities that we may issue as well as to pay distributions on our common stock. Any debt securities that we issue will be structurally subordinated to the obligations of our subsidiaries. 
 We are a holding company and fund a majority of our investments through wholly-owned subsidiaries, and a majority of the assets that we hold directly are the equity interests in such subsidiaries, including any subordinated notes issued as part of our debt securitization transactions, which notes represent the residual claimant on distributions by the applicable securitization subsidiary. We depend upon the cash flow from our subsidiaries and the receipt of funds from them in the form of payments on any subordinated notes, dividends, and other distributions, any of which may be subject to restriction or limitations based on the organizational documents of the subsidiaries and the agreements governing the debt of any such subsidiary. In addition, because we are a holding company, any debt securities that we issue will be structurally subordinated to the obligations of our subsidiaries. In the event that one of our subsidiaries becomes insolvent, liquidates, reorganizes, dissolves or otherwise winds up, its assets will be used first to satisfy the claims of its creditors. Consequently, any claim by us or our creditors, including holders of any debt securities that we may issue, against any subsidiary will be structurally subordinated to all of the claims of the creditors of such subsidiary. We cannot assure security holders that they will receive any payments required to be made under the terms of any debt securities that we may issue, dividends or other distributions. 
 Holders of any preferred stock that we may issue will have the right to elect members of the board of directors and have class voting rights on certain matters. 
 The 1940 Act requires that holders of shares of preferred stock must be entitled as a class to elect two directors at all times and to elect a majority of the directors if dividends on such preferred stock are in arrears by two years or more, until such arrearage is eliminated. In addition, certain matters under the 1940 Act require the separate vote of the holders of any issued and outstanding preferred stock, including changes in fundamental investment restrictions and conversion to open-end status and, accordingly, preferred stockholders could veto any such changes. Restrictions imposed on the declarations and payment of dividends or other distributions to the holders of our common stock and preferred stock, both by the 1940 Act and by requirements imposed by rating agencies, might impair our ability to maintain our qualification as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 Our common stockholders interest in us may be diluted if they do not fully exercise subscription rights in any rights offering. In addition, if the subscription price is less than our net asset value per share, then common stockholders will experience an immediate dilution of the aggregate net asset value of your shares. 
 
 76 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 In the event we issue subscription rights, stockholders who do not fully exercise their subscription rights should expect that they will, at the completion of a rights offering , own a smaller proportional interest in us than would otherwise be the case if they fully exercised their rights. We cannot state precisely the amount of any such dilution in share ownership because we do not know at this time what proportion of the shares would be purchased as a result of such rights offering. 
 In addition, if the subscription price is less than the net asset value per share of our common stock, then our common stockholders would experience an immediate dilution of the aggregate net asset value of their shares as a result of the offering. The amount of any decrease in net asset value is not predictable because it is not known at this time what the subscription price and net asset value per share will be on the expiration date of a rights offering or what proportion of the shares will be purchased as a result of such rights offering. Such dilution could be substantial. 
 These dilutive effects may be exacerbated if we were to conduct multiple subscription rights offerings, particularly if such offerings were to occur over a short period of time. In addition, subscription rights offerings and the prospect of future subscription rights offerings may create downward pressure on the secondary market price of our common stock due to the potential for the issuance of shares at a price below our net asset value, without a corresponding change to our net asset value. 
 Our stockholders will experience dilution in their ownership percentage if they do not participate in our dividend reinvestment plan. 
 All distributions declared in cash payable to stockholders that are participants in our dividend reinvestment plan are automatically reinvested in shares of our common stock. As a result, our stockholders that do not participate in our dividend reinvestment plan will experience dilution in their ownership percentage of our common stock over time. 
 Our stockholders could receive shares of our common stock as dividends, which could result in adverse tax consequences to them. 
 Although we currently do not intend to do so, we are permitted to declare a large portion of a dividend in shares of common stock instead of cash at the election of each stockholder. Revenue Procedures issued by the IRS allow a publicly offered regulated investment company (as defined above) to distribute its own stock as a dividend for the purpose of fulfilling its distribution requirements, if certain conditions are satisfied. Among other things, the aggregate amount of cash available to be distributed to all stockholders is required to be at least 10 of the total distribution, for distributions declared on or before December 31, 2021 and at least 20 of the aggregate declared distribution for distributions declared on or after January 1, 2022. The Internal Revenue Service has also issued private letter rulings on cash stock dividends paid by RICs and real estate investment trusts where the cash component is limited to 20 of the total distribution if certain requirements are satisfied. Stockholders receiving such dividends will be required to include the full amount of the dividend (including the portion payable in stock) as ordinary income (or, in certain circumstances, long-term capital gain) to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for federal income tax purposes. As a result, stockholders could be required to pay income taxes with respect to such dividends in excess of the cash dividends received. It is unclear to what extent we will be able to pay taxable dividends in cash and common stock (whether pursuant to IRS Revenue Procedures, a private letter ruling or otherwise). 
 Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 
 Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock, or the availability of such common stock for sale, could adversely affect the prevailing market prices for our common stock. If this occurs and continues, it could impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of securities should we desire to do so. 
 The trading market or market value of our publicly issued debt securities may fluctuate. 
 Any publicly issued debt securities we issue may or may not have an established trading market. We cannot assure you that a trading market for our publicly issued debt securities will ever develop or be maintained if developed. In addition to our creditworthiness, many factors may materially adversely affect the trading market for, and market value of, our publicly issued debt securities. These factors include, but are not limited to, the following 
 the time remaining to the maturity of these debt securities 
 the outstanding principal amount of debt securities with terms identical to these debt securities 
 77 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 the ratings assigned by national statistical ratings agencies 
 the general economic environment 
 the supply of debt securities trading in the secondary market, if any 
 the redemption or repayment features, if any, of these debt securities 
 the level, direction and volatility of market interest rates generally and 
 market rates of interest higher or lower than rates borne by the debt securities. 
 Investors should also be aware that there may be a limited number of buyers when they decide to sell our debt securities. This too may materially adversely affect the market value of the debt securities or the trading market for the debt securities. 
 Terms relating to redemption may materially adversely affect the return on any debt securities that we may issue. 
 If we issue debt securities that are redeemable at our option, we may choose to redeem such debt securities at times when prevailing interest rates are lower than the interest rate paid on the debt securities. In addition, if our debt securities are subject to mandatory redemption, we may be required to redeem such debt securities also at times when prevailing interest rates are lower than the interest rate paid on the debt securities. In this circumstance, investors in our debt securities may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as the debt securities being redeemed. 

General Risk Factors 
 We are currently in a period of capital markets disruption and economic uncertainty. 
 The success of our activities is affected by general economic and market conditions, including, among others, interest rates, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, and trade barriers. These factors could affect the level and volatility of securities prices and the liquidity of our investments. Volatility or illiquidity could impair our profitability or result in losses. These factors also could adversely affect the availability or cost of our leverage, which would result in lower returns. 
 In 2020, the U.S. capital markets experienced extreme volatility and disruption following the global outbreak of COVID-19. Some economists and major investment banks have expressed concern that the continued spread of the virus globally could lead to a prolonged period of world-wide economic downturn. These disruptions in the capital markets have increased the spread between the yields realized on risk-free and higher risk securities, resulting in illiquidity in parts of the capital markets. Such disruptions could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and future market disruptions and or illiquidity could negatively impact us. These unfavorable economic conditions could increase our funding costs and limit our access to the capital markets, and could result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us in the future. These events could limit our investments, our ability to grow and could negatively impact our operating results and the fair values of our debt and equity investments. 
 Events outside of our control, including public health crises, could negatively affect our portfolio companies, our investment adviser and the results of our operations. 
 Periods of market volatility could continue to occur in response to pandemics or other events outside of our control. We, GC Advisors, and the portfolio companies in which we invest in could be affected by force majeure events (i.e., events beyond the control of the party claiming that the event has occurred, such as acts of God, fire, flood, earthquakes, outbreaks of an infectious disease, pandemic or any other serious public health concern, war, terrorism, labor strikes, major plant breakdowns, pipeline or electricity line ruptures, failure of technology, defective design and construction, accidents, demographic changes, government macroeconomic policies, social instability, etc.). Some force majeure events could adversely affect the ability of a party (including us, GC Advisors, a portfolio company or a counterparty to us, GC Advisors, or a portfolio company) to perform its obligations until it is able to remedy the force majeure event. In addition, force majeure events, such as the cessation of the operation of equipment for repair or upgrade, could similarly lead to the unavailability of essential equipment and technologies. These risks could, among other effects, adversely impact the cash flows available from a portfolio company, cause personal injury or loss of life, including to a senior manager of GC Advisors or its affiliates, damage property, or instigate disruptions of service. In addition, the cost to a portfolio company or us of repairing or replacing damaged 
 78 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 assets resulting from such force majeure event could be considerable. It will not be possible to insure against all such events, and insurance proceeds received, if any, could be inadequate to completely or even partially cover any loss of revenues or investments, any increases in operating and maintenance expenses, or any replacements or rehabilitation of property. Certain events causing catastrophic loss could be either uninsurable, or insurable at such high rates as to adversely impact us, GC Advisors, or portfolio companies, as applicable. Force majeure events that are incapable of or are too costly to cure could have permanent adverse effects. Certain force majeure events (such as war or an outbreak of an infectious disease) could have a broader negative impact on the world economy and international business activity generally, or in any of the countries in which we invest or our portfolio companies operate specifically. Such force majeure events could result in or coincide with increased volatility in the global securities, derivatives and currency markets a decrease in the reliability of market prices and difficulty in valuing assets greater fluctuations in currency exchange rates increased risk of default (by both government and private issuers) further social, economic, and political instability nationalization of private enterprise greater governmental involvement in the economy or in social factors that impact the economy less governmental regulation and supervision of the securities markets and market participants and decreased monitoring of the markets by governments or self-regulatory organizations and reduced enforcement of regulations limited, or limitations on, the activities of investors in such markets controls or restrictions on foreign investment, capital controls and limitations on repatriation of invested capital inability to purchase and sell investments or otherwise settle security or derivative transactions (i.e., a market freeze) unavailability of currency hedging techniques substantial, and in some periods extremely high, rates of inflation, which can last many years and have substantial negative effects on credit and securities markets as well as the economy as a whole recessions and difficulties in obtaining and or enforcing legal judgments. 
 Additionally, a major governmental intervention into industry, including the nationalization of an industry or the assertion of control over one or more portfolio companies or its assets, could result in a loss to us, including if the investment in such portfolio companies is canceled, unwound or acquired (which could result in inadequate compensation). Any of the foregoing could therefore adversely affect the performance of us and our investments. 
 In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus, COVID-19, was identified in Wuhan, China, and spread to additional countries. On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared a global emergency. At various times during the course of the pandemic, orders have been issued and lifted restricting movement within a number of large metropolitan areas, including in some instances, orders to shelter in place. The outbreak of COVID-19 and its related negative public health developments have adversely affected workforces, customers, suppliers, economies and financial markets globally. The length of any resulting economic downturn and any additional waves of the disease that could exacerbate or further prolong any downturn are impossible to predict and could affect operations of GC Advisors business, including by harming GC Advisors ability to manage our investments. In addition, portfolio companies and our investments in such companies could be adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic or any other pandemic, including by supply disruptions, decreases in consumer demand, loss of personnel either to sickness or movement restrictions, and the resulting global market and economic disruptions. These adverse effects could cause losses in value of our investments, adversely affecting investors. The COVID-19 pandemic has also led to significant interest rate reductions by the Federal Reserve, including dropping certain rates to near zero, and market uncertainty, which could also have a materially adverse effect on us. 
 Given the ongoing and dynamic nature of the circumstances, the extent of the impact of COVID-19 on GC Advisors and us will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic has caused governments, including in the United States, to adopt massive stimulus programs and additional stimulus programs are likely to be adopted in the future. Even as the pandemic abates, the United States and other countries could have had record levels of unemployment, and, as a result, the countries could face severe economic depressions. The effects that any of these events would have on the economy, the markets, and our investments or returns are uncertain. These potential impacts, while uncertain, could adversely affect our and our portfolio companies operating results. 
 We could experience fluctuations in our quarterly operating results. 
 We could experience fluctuations in our quarterly operating results due to a number of factors, including the interest rate payable on any borrowings and the interest rate payable on the debt securities we acquire, the default rate on such securities, the number and size of investments we originate or acquire, the level of our expenses, variations in and the timing of the recognition of realized and unrealized gains or losses, the degree to which we encounter 
 79 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 competition in our markets and general economic conditions. In light of these factors, results for any period should not be relied upon as being indicative of our performance in future periods. 
 Political uncertainty could adversely affect our business 
 U.S. and non-U.S. markets could experience political uncertainty and or change that subjects investments to heightened risks, including, for instance, the risks related to the elections in the U.S. or the effect on world leaders and governments of the COVID-19 pandemic. These heightened risks could also include increased risk of default (by both government and private issuers) greater social, trade, economic and political instability (including the risk of war or terrorist activity) greater governmental involvement in the economy greater governmental supervision and regulation of the securities markets and market participants resulting in increased expenses related to compliance greater fluctuations in currency exchange rates controls or restrictions on foreign investment and or trade, capital controls and limitations on repatriation of invested capital and on the ability to exchange currencies inability to purchase and sell investments or otherwise settle security or derivative transactions (i.e., a market freeze) unavailability of currency hedging techniques and slower clearance. During times of political uncertainty and or change, global markets often become more volatile. There could also be a lower level of monitoring and regulation of markets while a country is experiencing political uncertainty and or change, and the activities of investors in such markets and enforcement of existing regulations could become more limited. Markets experiencing political uncertainty and or change could have substantial, and in some periods extremely high, rates of inflation for many years. Inflation and rapid fluctuations in inflation rates typically have negative effects on such countries economies and markets. Tax laws could change materially, and any changes in tax laws could have an unpredictable effect on us, our investments and our investors. There can be no assurance that political changes will not cause us or our investors to suffer losses. 
 The impact of Brexit on our investments is uncertain and could adversely affect our business. 
 On January 31, 2020, the United Kingdom, or the UK, ended its membership in the European Union, or the EU, referred to as Brexit. Following the termination of a transition period, the UK and the EU entered into a trade and cooperation agreement to govern the future relationship between the parties, which was provisionally applied as of January 1, 2021 and entered into force on May 1, 2021 following ratification by the EU. With respect to financial services, the agreement leaves decisions on equivalence and adequacy to be determined by each of the U.K. and E.U. unilaterally in due course. As a result, certain UK licensed entities are unable to provide regulated services in a number of EU jurisdictions from the end of December 2020, absent regulatory relief or other measures implemented by individual countries. Such agreement is untested and may lead to ongoing political and economic uncertainty and periods of exacerbated volatility in both the United Kingdom and in wider European and global markets for some time. The longer term economic, legal, political and social implications of Brexit are unclear at this stage. Brexit has led to ongoing political and economic uncertainty and periods of increased volatility in both the UK and in wider European markets for some time. Brexit could lead to calls for similar referendums in other European jurisdictions, which could cause increased economic volatility in the European and global markets. This mid- to long-term uncertainty could have adverse effects on the economy generally and on our ability to earn attractive returns. In particular, currency volatility could mean that our returns are adversely affected by market movements and could make it more difficult, or more expensive, for us to execute prudent currency hedging policies. Potential decline in the value of the British Pound and or the Euro against other currencies, along with the potential further downgrading of the UK s sovereign credit rating, could also have an impact on the performance of certain investments made in the UK or Europe. 
 New or modified laws or regulations governing our operations could adversely affect our business. 
 We and our portfolio companies are subject to regulation by laws at the U.S. federal, state and local levels. These laws and regulations, as well as their interpretation, could change from time to time, including as the result of interpretive guidance or other directives from the U.S. President and others in the executive branch, and new laws, regulations and interpretations could also come into effect. For example, the current U.S. presidential administration could support an enhanced regulatory agenda that imposes greater costs on all sectors and on financial services companies in particular. Any such new or changed laws or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, and political uncertainty could increase regulatory uncertainty in the near term. 
 The effects of legislative and regulatory proposals directed at the financial services industry or affecting taxation, could negatively impact the operations, cash flows or financial condition of us or our portfolio companies, impose additional costs on us or our portfolio companies, intensify the regulatory supervision of us or our portfolio companies or otherwise adversely affect our business or the business of our portfolio companies. In addition, if we 
 80 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 do not comply with applicable laws and regulations, we could lose any licenses that we then hold for the conduct of our business and could be subject to civil fines and criminal penalties. 
 We invest in securities of issuers that are subject to governmental and non-governmental regulations, including by federal and state regulators and various self-regulatory organizations. Companies participating in regulated activities could incur significant costs to comply with these laws and regulations. If a company in which we invest fails to comply with an applicable regulatory regime, it could be subject to fines, injunctions, operating restrictions or criminal prosecution, any of which could materially and adversely affect the value of our investment. 
 Additionally, changes to the laws and regulations governing our operations, including those associated with RICs, could cause us to alter our investment strategy in order to avail ourselves of new or different opportunities or result in the imposition of corporate-level taxes on us. Such changes could result in material differences to our strategies and plans and could shift our investment focus from the areas of expertise of GC Advisors to other types of investments in which GC Advisors could have little or no expertise or experience. Any such changes, if they occur, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and the value of your investment. If we invest in commodity interests in the future, GC Advisors could determine not to use investment strategies that trigger additional regulation from the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or the CFTC, or determine to operate subject to CFTC regulation, if applicable. If we or GC Advisors were to operate subject to CFTC regulation, we could incur additional expenses and would be subject to additional regulation. 
 On October 21, 2014, U.S. risk retention rules adopted pursuant to Section 941 of Dodd-Frank, or the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, were issued and became effective with respect to collateralized loan obligation, or CLOs, on December 24, 2016. The U.S. Risk Retention Rules require the sponsor (directly or through a majority-owned affiliate) of a debt securitization subject to such rules, such as CLOs, in the absence of an exemption, to retain an economic interest, or the Retention Interest, in the credit risk of the assets being securitized in the form of an eligible horizontal residual interest, an eligible vertical interest, or a combination thereof, in accordance with the requirements of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. Due to the interplay of the 1940 Act restrictions on principal and joint transactions and the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, we sought no-action relief to ensure that we could engage in CLO financing under the 1940 Act and the risk retention rules mandated by Section 941 of Dodd-Frank. On September 7, 2018 we received a no-action letter from the staff, or the Staff, of the Division of Investment Management of the SEC that states that the Staff would not recommend that the SEC take any enforcement action under Section 57(a) of the1940 Act, or Rule 17d-1 under the 1940 Act against us or GC Advisors if we were to acquire CLO equity as a Retention Interest in the manner described in a letter submitted to the Staff on behalf of us. 
 However, the no-action relief we received did not address whether or not the CLO transactions described therein would satisfy the requirements of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. As a general matter, available interpretive authority to date addressing the U.S. Risk Retention Rules applicable to CLOs is limited, and there is limited judicial decisional authority or applicable agency interpretation that has directly addressed any of the risk retention approaches taken with respect to CLOs. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the applicable federal agencies will agree that any CLO transaction we undertake, or the manner in which we hold any retention interests, complies with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. If we ever determined that undertaking CLO transactions would subject us or any of our affiliates to unacceptable regulatory risk, our ability to execute CLOs could be limited or otherwise curtailed. Given the more attractive financing costs associated with these types of debt securitization as opposed to other types of financing available (such as traditional senior secured facilities), this would, in turn, increase our financing costs. Any associated increase in financing costs would ultimately be borne by our common stockholders. 
 Over the last several years, there also has been an increase in regulatory attention to the extension of credit outside of the traditional banking sector, raising the possibility that some portion of the non-bank financial sector will be subject to new regulation. While it cannot be known at this time whether any regulation will be implemented or what form it will take, increased regulation of non-bank credit extension could negatively impact our operations, cash flows or financial condition, impose additional costs on us, intensify the regulatory supervision of us or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We incur significant costs as a result of being a publicly traded company. 
 As a publicly traded company, we incur legal, accounting and other expenses, including costs associated with the periodic reporting requirements applicable to a company whose securities are registered under the Exchange Act, as well as additional corporate governance requirements, including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and other rules implemented by the SEC. 
 81 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Our compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act involves significant expenditures, and non-compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act would adversely affect us and the market price of our common stock. 
 We are required to report on our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and related rules and regulations of the SEC. As a result, we incur expenses that could negatively impact our financial performance and our ability to make distributions. This process also results in a diversion of management s time and attention. We cannot ensure that our evaluation, testing and remediation process is effective or that our internal control over financial reporting will be effective. In the event that we are unable to maintain compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and related rules, we and the market price of our securities would be adversely affected. 
 Technological innovations and industry disruptions may negatively impact us. 
 Technological innovations have disrupted traditional approaches in multiple industries and can permit younger companies to achieve success and in the process disrupt markets and market practices. We can provide no assurance that new businesses and approaches will not be created that would compete with us and or our portfolio companies or alter the market practices in which GC Advisors and its affiliates and us have been designed to function within and on which we depend on for our investment return. New approaches could damage our investments, disrupt the market in which we operate and subject us to increased competition, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of investments. 
 We are highly dependent on information systems and systems failures could significantly disrupt our business, which could, in turn, negatively affect the market price of our common stock and our ability to pay distributions. 
 Our business depends on the communications and information systems of GC Advisors and its affiliates. GC Advisors and the Administrator are heavily reliant on the information technology infrastructure, processes and procedures of Golub Capital, which has devoted significant resources to developing effective and reliable information technology systems. Information technology changes rapidly, however, and Golub Capital could fail to stay ahead of such advances. Moreover, Golub Capital could find itself a target of cyberattacks, including cyber espionage, malware, ransomware, and other types of hacking. If any of the Golub Capital information technology systems do not operate properly or are disabled, whether as a result of tampering or a breach of network security systems or otherwise, we and Golub Capital could suffer, among other consequences, financial loss, disruption of businesses and reputational damage and, in the case of Golub Capital, liability to clients. While steps have been taken to mitigate the risk and impact of such attacks, no system is fully attack-proof, and a cyberattack could have an adverse impact on us. 
 In addition, Golub Capital s operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in its computer systems and networks. Although Golub Capital takes protective measures, its computer systems, software and networks could be vulnerable to unauthorized access, theft, misuse, computer viruses or other malicious code and other events that could have an impact on security. We, GC Advisors and the Administrator rely on third-party service providers for certain aspects of their business. Any interruption or deterioration in the performance of these third parties or failures of their information systems and technology could impair the quality of the operations and could affect their reputation, which could have an adverse effect on us. 
 A data breach could negatively impact our business and result in significant penalties. 
 GC Advisors is subject to numerous laws in various jurisdictions relating to privacy and the storage, sharing, use, processing, disclosure and protection of information that we and our affiliates hold. The EU's General Data Protection Regulation, the Cayman Islands Data Protection Law, 2017, and the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 are recent examples of such laws, and GC Advisors anticipates new privacy and data protection laws will be passed in other jurisdictions in the future. In general, these laws introduce many new obligations on GC Advisors and its affiliates and service providers and create new rights for parties who have given us their personal information, such as investors and others. 
 Breach of these laws could result in significant financial penalties for GC Advisors and or us. As interpretation of these laws evolves and new laws are passed, GC Advisors could be required to make changes to its business practices, which could result in additional risks, costs and liabilities to us and adversely affect investment returns. While GC Advisors intends to comply with its privacy and data protection obligations under the privacy and data protection laws that are applicable to it, it is possible that GC Advisors will not be able to accurately anticipate the 
 82 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 ways in which regulators and courts will apply or interpret these laws. A violation of applicable privacy and data protection law could result in negative publicity and or subject GC Advisors or us, to significant costs associated with litigation, settlements, regulatory action, judgments, liabilities and or penalties. 
 Our business and operations could be negatively affected if we become subject to stockholder activism, which could cause us to incur significant expense, hinder the execution of our investment strategy or impact our stock price. 
 Stockholder activism, which could take many forms, including making public demands that we consider certain strategic alternatives, engaging in public campaigns to attempt to influence our corporate governance and or our management, and commencing proxy contests to attempt to elect the activists representatives or others to our board of directors, or arise in a variety of situations, has been increasing in the business development company space recently. While we are currently not subject to any stockholder activism, due to the potential volatility of our stock price and for a variety of other reasons, we could in the future become the target of stockholder activism. Stockholder activism could result in substantial costs and divert management s and our board of directors attention and resources from our business. Additionally, such stockholder activism could give rise to perceived uncertainties as to our future and adversely affect our relationships with service providers and our portfolio companies. Also, we could be required to incur significant legal and other expenses related to any activist stockholder matters. Further, our stock price could be subject to significant fluctuation or otherwise be adversely affected by the events, risks and uncertainties of any stockholder activism. 
 83 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 Properties 
 We do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operation. Our headquarters are located at 200 Park Avenue, 25th Floor, New York, NY 10166 and are provided by Golub Capital LLC pursuant to the Administration Agreement. We believe that our office facilities are suitable and adequate to our business. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We, GC Advisors and Golub Capital LLC could, from time to time, be involved in legal and regulatory proceedings arising out of their respective operations in the normal course of business or otherwise. While there can be no assurance of the ultimate disposition of any such proceedings, each of us, GC Advisors and Golub Capital LLC do not believe it is currently subject to any material legal proceedings. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 
 None. 
 84 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Price Range of Common Stock 
 Our common stock began trading on April 15, 2010 and is currently traded on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol GBDC . The following table lists the high and low closing sale price for our common stock, the closing sale price as a percentage of net asset value, or NAV, and quarterly distributions per share. Period NAV (1) 
 Closing Sales Price (2) 
 Premium (Discount) of 
 High Sales 
 Price to 
 NAV (3) 
 Premium 
 (Discount) of 
 Low Sales 
 Price to 
 NAV (3) 
 Distributions Declared High Low Fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 Fourth quarter 15.19 16.01 15.17 5.4 (0.1) 0.29 Third quarter 15.06 16.10 14.72 6.9 (2.3) 0.29 Second quarter 14.86 15.36 14.08 3.4 (5.2) 0.29 First quarter 14.60 14.15 12.66 (3.1) (13.3) 0.29 Fiscal year ended September 30, 2020 Fourth quarter 14.33 13.44 11.31 (6.2) (21.1) 0.29 Third quarter 14.05 12.65 9.58 (10.0) (31.8) 0.29 Second quarter 14.62 18.14 9.55 24.1 (34.7) 0.33 First quarter 16.66 18.56 17.70 11.4 6.2 0.46 (4) 

(1) NAV per share is determined as of the last day in the relevant quarter and therefore may not reflect the NAV per share on the date of the high and low closing sales prices. The NAVs shown are based on outstanding shares at the end of the each period. 
 (2) On May 15, 2020, we completed a transferable rights offering. The Closing Sales Prices shown have not been adjusted to account for the bonus element associated with the rights issued detailed in Note 11 of the consolidated notes to the financial statements. 
 (3) Calculated as of the respective high or low closing sales price divided by the quarter-end NAV. 
 (4) Includes a special distribution of 0.13 per share. 
 The last reported price for our common stock on November 24, 2021 was 15.12 per share. As of November 24, 2021, we had 742 stockholders of record. 
 Distributions 
 Our distributions, if any, are determined by the board of directors. We elected to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. In order to be subject to tax as a RIC, we must distribute to our stockholders dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes each tax year of an amount at least equal to 90 of our net ordinary income and net short-term capital gains in excess of our net long-term capital losses, or investment company taxable income, determined without regard to any deduction for dividends paid. In addition, we are subject to ordinary income and capital gain distribution requirements under U.S. federal excise tax rules for each calendar year. If we do not meet the required distributions we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible federal excise tax on the undistributed amount. 
 85 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

The following table reflects the cash distributions, including dividends and returns of capital per share that we have declared on our common stock. Record Dates Payment Date Distributions Declared Fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 September 8, 2021 September 29, 2021 0.29 June 11, 2021 June 29, 2021 0.29 March 5, 2021 March 30, 2021 0.29 December 11, 2020 December 30, 2020 0.29 Total 1.16 
 Fiscal year ended September 30, 2020 September 8, 2020 September 29, 2020 0.29 June 9, 2020 June 29, 2020 0.29 March 6, 2020 March 27, 2020 0.33 December 12, 2019 (1) 
 December 30, 2019 0.46 Total 1.37 
 (1) Includes a special distribution of 0.13 per share. 
 On November 19, 2021, our board of directors declared a quarterly distribution of 0.30 per share, which is payable on December 30, 2021 to holders of record as of December 10, 2021. 
 We have adopted a dividend reinvestment plan that provides for reinvestment of our dividends and other distributions on behalf of our stockholders. As a result, if our board of directors authorizes, and we declare, a cash dividend or other distribution, then our stockholders who participate in our dividend reinvestment plan will have their cash distribution reinvested in additional shares of our common stock, rather than receiving the cash distribution. 
 86 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Stock Performance Graph 
 This graph compares the stockholder return on our common stock from September 30, 2015 to September 30, 2021 with that of the NASDAQ Financial 100 Stock Index and the Standard & Poor s 500 Stock Index. This graph assumes that on September 30, 2015, 100 was invested in our common stock, the NASDAQ Financial 100 Stock Index, and the Standard & Poor s 500 Stock Index. The graph also assumes the reinvestment of all cash distributions prior to any tax effect. The graph and other information furnished under this Part II Item 5 of this annual report on Form 10-K shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C under, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of, the Exchange Act. The stock price performance included in the below graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock performance. 

87 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Item 6. Reserved 
 88 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The information contained in this section should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. In this report, we, us, our and Golub Capital BDC refer to Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Some of the statements in this annual report on Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements, which relate to future events or our future performance or financial condition. The forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K involve risks and uncertainties, including statements as to 
 
 our future operating results 
 our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies, including our and their ability to achieve our respective objectives as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic 
 the effect of investments that we expect to make and the competition for those investments 
 our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties 
 actual and potential conflicts of interest with GC Advisors and other affiliates of Golub Capital 
 the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its effect on the industries in which we invest 
 the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives 
 the use of borrowed money to finance a portion of our investments and the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on the availability of equity and debt capital and our use of borrowed funds to finance a portion of our investments 
 the adequacy of our financing sources and working capital 
 the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies 
 general economic and political trends and other external factors, including the COVID-19 pandemic 
 changes in political, economic or industry conditions, the interest rate environment or conditions affecting the financial and capital markets that could result in changes to the value of our assets, including changes from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic 
 the ability of GC Advisors to locate suitable investments for us and to monitor and administer our investments 
 the ability of GC Advisors or its affiliates to attract and retain highly talented professionals 
 the ability of GC Advisors to continue to effectively manage our business due to the disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic 
 our ability to qualify and maintain our qualification as a RIC and as a business development company 
 general price and volume fluctuations in the stock markets 
 the impact on our business of Dodd-Frank and the rules and regulations issued thereunder and any actions toward repeal thereof and 
 the effect of changes to tax legislation and our tax position. 
 
 Such forward-looking statements may include statements preceded by, followed by or that otherwise include the words may, might, will, intend, should, could, can, would, expect, believe, estimate, anticipate, predict, potential, plan or similar words. The forward looking statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those implied or expressed in the forward-looking statements for any reason, including the factors set forth as Risk Factors in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 We have based the forward-looking statements included in this report on information available to us on the date of this report. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in our forward-looking statements and future results could differ materially from historical performance. You are advised to consult any additional disclosures 
 89 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 that we make directly to you or through reports that we have filed or in the future file with the SEC including annual reports on Form 10-K, registration statements on Form N-2, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. This annual report on Form 10-K contains statistics and other data that have been obtained from or compiled from information made available by third-party service providers. We have not independently verified such statistics or data. 
 
 90 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Overview 
 
 We are an externally managed, closed-end, non-diversified management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company under the 1940 Act. In addition, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we have elected to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. As a business development company and a RIC, we are also subject to certain constraints, including limitations imposed by the 1940 Act and the Code. 
 
 Our shares are currently listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol GBDC . 
 
 Our investment objective is to generate current income and capital appreciation by investing primarily in one stop (a loan that combines characteristics of traditional first lien senior secured loans and second lien or subordinated loans and that are often referred to by other middle-market lenders as unitranche loans) and other senior secured loans of U.S. middle-market companies. We also selectively invest in second lien and subordinated loans of, and warrants and minority equity securities in U.S. middle-market companies. We intend to achieve our investment objective by (1) accessing the established loan origination channels developed by Golub Capital, a leading lender to U.S. middle-market companies with over 40.0 billion in capital under management as of September 30, 2021, (2) selecting investments within our core middle-market company focus, (3) partnering with experienced private equity firms, or sponsors, in many cases with whom Golub Capital has invested alongside in the past, (4) implementing the disciplined underwriting standards of Golub Capital and (5) drawing upon the aggregate experience and resources of Golub Capital. 
 
 Our investment activities are managed by GC Advisors and supervised by our board of directors of which a majority of the members are independent of us, GC Advisors and its affiliates. 
 
 Under the Investment Advisory Agreement, we have agreed to pay GC Advisors an annual base management fee based on our average adjusted gross assets as well as an incentive fee based on our investment performance. The Investment Advisory Agreement was approved by our board of directors in May 2021. Under the Administration Agreement, we are provided with certain administrative services by the Administrator, which is currently Golub Capital LLC. Under the Administration Agreement, we have agreed to reimburse the Administrator for our allocable portion (subject to the review and approval of our independent directors) of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement. 
 
 We seek to create a portfolio that includes primarily one stop and other senior secured loans by primarily investing approximately 10.0 million to 75.0 million of capital, on average, in the securities of U.S. middle-market companies. We also selectively invest more than 75.0 million in some of our portfolio companies and generally expect that the size of our individual investments will vary proportionately with the size of our capital base. 
 
 We generally invest in securities that have been rated below investment grade by independent rating agencies or that would be rated below investment grade if they were rated. These securities, which are often referred to as junk, have predominantly speculative characteristics with respect to the issuer s capacity to pay interest and repay principal. In addition, many of our debt investments have floating interest rates that reset on a periodic basis and typically do not fully pay down principal prior to maturity, which may increase our risk of losing part or all of our investment. 
 
 91 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, our portfolio at fair value was comprised of the following As of September 30, 2021 As of September 30, 2020 Investment Type Investments at Fair Value (In thousands) Percentage of Total Investments Investments at Fair Value (In thousands) Percentage of Total Investments Senior secured 784,805 16.0 640,213 15.1 One stop 3,882,314 79.3 3,485,585 82.2 Second lien 41,857 0.9 19,640 0.5 Subordinated debt 172 0.0 575 0.0 Equity 185,738 3.8 92,197 2.2 Total 4,894,886 100.0 4,238,210 100.0 
 
 Represents an amount less than 0.1 . 
 One stop loans include loans to technology companies undergoing strong growth due to new services, increased adoption and or entry into new markets. We refer to loans to these companies as late stage lending loans or recurring revenue loans. Other targeted characteristics of late stage lending businesses include strong customer revenue retention rates, a diversified customer base and backing from growth equity or venture capital firms. In some cases, the borrower s high revenue growth is supported by a high level of discretionary spending. As part of the underwriting of such loans and consistent with industry practice, we adjust our characterization of the earnings of such borrowers for a reduction or elimination of such discretionary expenses, if appropriate. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, one stop loans included 527.8 million and 430.2 million, respectively, of late stage lending loans at fair value. 
 
 As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, we had debt and equity investments in 296 and 254 portfolio companies, respectively. 
 
 The following table shows the weighted average income yield and weighted average investment income yield of our earning portfolio company investments, which represented nearly 100 of our debt investments, as well as the total return based on our average net asset value, and the total return based on the change in the quoted market price of our stock and assuming distributions were reinvested in accordance with our dividend reinvestment plan, or DRIP, in each case for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 Year ended September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 Weighted average income yield (1) 
 7.4 7.6 Weighted average investment income yield (2) 
 7.9 8.0 Total return based on average net asset value (3) 
 13.7 2.5 Total return based on market value (4) 
 28.9 (22.8) 

(1) Represents income from interest and fees, excluding amortization of capitalized fees, discounts and purchase premium (as described in Note 2 of the consolidated financial statements), divided by the average fair value of earning portfolio company investments, and does not represent a return to any investor in us. 
 (2) Represents income from interest, fees and amortization of capitalized fees and discounts, excluding amortization of purchase premium (as described in Note 2 of the consolidated financial statements), divided by the average fair value of earning portfolio investments, and does not represent a return to any investor in us. 
 (3) Total return based on average net asset value is calculated as (a) the net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations divided by (b) the daily average of total net assets. Total return does not include sales load. 
 (4) Total return based on market value assumes distributions are reinvested in accordance with the DRIP. Total return does not include sales load. 
 Revenues We generate revenue in the form of interest and fee income on debt investments and capital gains and distributions, if any, on portfolio company investments that we originate or acquire. Our debt investments, whether in the form of senior secured, one stop, second lien or subordinated loans, typically have a term of three to seven years and bear interest at a fixed or floating rate. In some instances, we receive payments on our debt investments based on scheduled amortization of the outstanding balances. In addition, we receive repayments of some of our debt investments prior to their scheduled maturity date. The frequency or volume of these repayments fluctuates 
 92 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 significantly from period to period. Our portfolio activity also reflects the proceeds of sales of securities. In some cases, our investments provide for deferred interest payments or PIK interest. The principal amount of loans and any accrued but unpaid interest generally become due at the maturity date. In addition, we generate revenue in the form of commitment, origination, amendment, structuring or due diligence fees, fees for providing managerial assistance and consulting fees. Loan origination fees, original issue discount and market discount or premium are capitalized, and we accrete or amortize such amounts as interest income. We record prepayment premiums on loans as fee income. For additional details on revenues, see Critical Accounting Policies Revenue Recognition. 
 
 We recognize realized gains or losses on investments based on the difference between the net proceeds from the disposition and the amortized cost basis of the investment or derivative instrument, without regard to unrealized gains or losses previously recognized. We record current period changes in fair value of investments and derivative instruments that are measured at fair value as a component of the net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investment transactions in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Expenses Our primary operating expenses include the payment of fees to GC Advisors under the Investment Advisory Agreement and interest expense on our outstanding debt. We bear all other out-of-pocket costs and expenses of our operations and transactions, including 
 
 calculating our NAV (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm) 
 fees and expenses incurred by GC Advisors payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisors, in monitoring financial and legal affairs for us and in monitoring our investments and performing due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies or otherwise relating to, or associated with, evaluating and making investments , which fees and expenses include, among other items, due diligence reports, appraisal reports, any studies commissioned by GC Advisors and travel and lodging expenses 
 expenses related to unsuccessful portfolio acquisition efforts 
 offerings of our common stock and other securities 
 administration fees and expenses, if any, payable under the Administration Agreement (including payments based upon our allocable portion of the Administrator s overhead in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent and the allocable portion of the cost of our chief compliance officer, chief financial officer and their respective staffs) 
 fees payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisors, relating to, or associated with, evaluating and making investments in portfolio companies, including costs associated with meeting financial sponsors 
 transfer agent, dividend agent and custodial fees and expenses 
 U.S. federal and state registration and franchise fees 
 all costs of registration and listing our shares on any securities exchange 
 U.S. federal, state and local taxes 
 independent directors fees and expenses 
 costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents required by the SEC or other regulators 
 costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to stockholders, including printing costs 
 costs associated with individual or group stockholders 
 costs associated with compliance under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 our allocable portion of any fidelity bond, directors and officers errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums 
 direct costs and expenses of administration, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone, copying, secretarial and other staff, independent auditors and outside legal costs 
 proxy voting expenses and 
 all other expenses incurred by us or the Administrator in connection with administering our business. 
 
 We expect our general and administrative expenses to be relatively stable or decline as a percentage of total assets during periods of asset growth and to increase during periods of asset declines. 
 
 93 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Prior to the redemption of the 2014 Notes and termination of the documents governing the 2014 Debt Securitization on August 26, 2020, GC Advisors served as collateral manager for the 2014 Issuer, our wholly-owned subsidiary, under the 2014 Collateral Management Agreement and was entitled to receive an annual fee in an amount equal to 0.25 of the principal balance of the portfolio loans held by the 2014 Issuer at the beginning of the collection period relating to each payment date, which was payable in arrears on each payment date. Under the 2014 Collateral Management Agreement, the term collection period referred to a quarterly period running from the day after the end of the prior collection period to the tenth business day prior to the payment date. 
 
 GC Advisors, as collateral manager for the 2018 Issuer under the 2018 Collateral Management Agreement, is entitled to receive an annual fee in an amount equal to 0.25 of the principal balance of the portfolio loans held by the 2018 Issuer at the beginning of the collection period relating to each payment date, which is payable in arrears on each payment date. Under the 2018 Collateral Management Agreement, the term collection period refers to the period commencing on the third business day prior to the preceding payment date and ending on (but excluding) the third business day prior to such payment date. 
 
 GC Advisors, as collateral manager for the GCIC 2018 Issuer under the GCIC 2018 Collateral Management Agreement is entitled to receive an annual fee in an amount equal to 0.35 of the principal balance of the portfolio loans held by the GCIC 2018 Issuer at the beginning of the collection period relating to each payment date, which is payable in arrears on each payment date. Under the 2018 GCIC Collateral Management Agreement, the term collection period generally refers to a quarterly period commencing on the day after the end of the prior collection period to the tenth business day prior to the payment date. 
 
 Prior to the redemption of the 2020 Notes and the termination of the documents governing the 2020 Debt Securitization on August 26, 2021, GC Advisors served as collateral manager for the 2020 Issuer under the 2020 Collateral Management Agreement and was entitled to receive an annual fee in an amount equal to 0.35 of the principal balance of the portfolio loans held by the 2020 Issuer at the beginning of the collection period relating to each payment date, which is payable in arrears on each payment date. Under the 2020 Collateral Management Agreement, the term collection period generally referred to a quarterly period commencing on the day after the end of the prior collection period to the tenth business day prior to the payment date. 
 
 Collateral management fees were paid directly by the 2014 Issuer and 2020 Issuer and are paid directly by the 2018 Issuer and GCIC 2018 Issuer to GC Advisors and are offset against the management fees payable under the Investment Advisory Agreement. In addition, the 2014 Issuer paid Wells Fargo Securities, LLC structuring and placement fees for its services in connection with the initial structuring and subsequent amendments to the initial structuring of the 2014 Debt Securitization. The 2018 Issuer paid Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC structuring and placement fees for its services in connection with the structuring of the 2018 Debt Securitization. Before we acquired the GCIC 2018 Issuer as part of our acquisition of GCIC (as defined in the GCIC Acquisition section below), the GCIC 2018 Issuer paid Wells Fargo Securities, LLC structuring and placement fees for its services in connection with the initial structuring of the GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization. The 2020 Issuer paid Wells Fargo Securities, LLC structuring and placement fees for its services in connection with the structuring of the 2020 Debt Securitization. Term debt securitizations are also known as CLOs and are a form of secured financing incurred by us, which are consolidated by us and subject to our overall asset coverage requirement. The 2018 Issuer and GCIC 2018 Issuer also agreed to pay ongoing administrative expenses to the trustee, collateral manager, independent accountants, legal counsel, rating agencies and independent managers in connection with developing and maintaining reports, and providing required services in connection with the administration of the 2018 Debt Securitization and GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization and collectively the Debt Securitizations, as applicable. 
 
 We believe that these administrative expenses approximate the amount of ongoing fees and expenses that we would be required to pay in connection with a traditional secured credit facility. Our common stockholders indirectly bear all of these expenses. 
 
 GCIC Acquisition 
 
 On September 16, 2019, we completed our acquisition of GCIC pursuant to the Merger Agreement. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub was first merged with and into GCIC, with GCIC as the surviving company, and, immediately following the Initial Merger, GCIC was then merged with and into us, with us as the surviving company. 
 
 94 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 In accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger, each outstanding share of GCIC s common stock was converted into the right to receive 0.865 shares of our common stock (with GCIC s stockholders receiving cash in lieu of fractional shares of our common stock). As a result of the Merger, we issued an aggregate of 71,779,964 shares of our common stock to former stockholders of GCIC. 
 
 Rights Offering 
 
 On May 15, 2020, we completed a transferable rights offering, or the Rights Offering. We issued to stockholders of record on April 8, 2020 one transferable right for each four shares of our common stock held on the record date. Each holder of rights was entitled to subscribe for one share of common stock for every right held at a subscription price of 9.17 per share. On May 15, 2020, we issued a total of 33,451,902 shares. Net proceeds after deducting the dealer manager fees and other offering expenses were approximately 300.4 million. 3,191,448 shares were purchased in the rights offering by affiliates of GC Advisors. 
 
 COVID-19 Pandemic 
 
 The rapid spread of COVID-19, which was identified as a global pandemic by the World Health Organization in 2020, resulted in governmental authorities imposing restrictions on travel and the temporary closure of many corporate offices, retail stores, restaurants, healthcare facilities, fitness clubs and manufacturing facilities and factories in affected jurisdictions. While several countries, as well as certain states in the United States, have lifted or reduced certain travel restrictions, business closures and other quarantine measures and recurring COVID-19 outbreaks have led to the re-introduction of such restrictions in certain states in the United States and globally and could continue to lead to the re-introduction of such restrictions elsewhere. In early 2021, COVID-19 vaccines started to be administered to high-risk adults and essential workers across the United States and eligibility to receive the vaccine has since expanded to all adults and children of certain ages. Although we believe the number of vaccinated adults and children in the United States is promising for continued reductions of travel restrictions and other quarantine measures, we are unable to predict the duration of business and supply chain disruptions, the extent to which COVID-19 will continue to affect our portfolio companies operating results or the impact COVID-19 may have on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We continue to experience reversal of the unrealized depreciation recognized during the three months ended March 31, 2020 as portfolio companies generally performed better than expected, especially those in COVID-impacted sub-sectors, and private equity sponsors have generally stepped up to support their portfolio companies. We and GC Advisors continue to monitor the rapidly evolving situation relating to the COVID-19 pandemic and guidance from U.S. and international authorities, including federal, state and local public health authorities and future recommendations from such authorities may further impact our business operations and financial results. Due to the resurgence of COVID-19 and the threat of new variants of COVID-19, we remain cautious and concerned about the on-going impacts to the U.S. economy from COVID-19, but the positive trends identified above contributed to strong financial results for the year ended September 30, 2021. 

Recent Developments 
 
 On October 13, 2021, we issued an additional 200.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 2026 Notes (as defined in Note 7 of our consolidated financial statements), or the New 2026 Notes. Upon issuance of the New 2026 Notes, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes is 600.0 million. 
 
 On October 14, 2021, we entered into an agreement with Signature Bank, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and Regions Bank, pursuant to which, through the accordion feature in the JPM Credit Facility (as defined in Note 7 of our consolidated financial statements), the aggregate commitments under the JPM Credit Facility increased from 475.0 million to 687.5 million. 
 
 On October 15, 2021, we issued an additional 100.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 2024 Notes (as defined in Note 7 of our consolidated financial statements), or the New 2024 Notes. Upon issuance of the New 2024 Notes, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Notes is 500.0 million. 

95 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 On November 19, 2021, our board of directors declared a quarterly distribution of 0.30 per share, which is payable on December 30, 2021 to holders of record as of December 10, 2021. 
 
 On November 19, 2021, we entered into an amendment, or the JPM Credit Facility Amendment, to the JPM Credit Facility to amend the JPM Credit Facility to, among other things, (x) increase the accordion feature, which allows the Company, under certain circumstances, to increase the total size of the facility, to a total facility size of 1.5 billion from 712.5 million, and (y) replace the LIBOR benchmark and interest rate for loans denominated in Pounds Sterling and Swiss Francs. Upon effectiveness of the JPM Credit Facility Amendment on November 19, 2021, borrowings under the JPM Credit Facility remain subject to compliance with a borrowing base test. In connection with the JPM Credit Facility Amendment, interest under the JPM Credit Facility for loans denominated in Pounds Sterling or Swiss Francs, (A) if the value of the gross borrowing base is equal to or greater than 1.60 times the aggregate amount of certain outstanding indebtedness of the Company, or the Combined Debt Amount, is payable at a rate equal to one month SONIA plus 1.7826 per annum or one month Swiss Average Overnight Rate, or SARON, plus 1.6929 per annum, respectively and, (B) if the value of the gross borrowing base is less than 1.60 times the Combined Debt Amount, is payable at a rate equal to one month SONIA plus 1.9076 per annum or one month SARON plus 1.8179 per annum, respectively. 
 
 On November 23, 2021, we entered into an agreement with First National Bank of Pennsylvania, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., MUFG Union Bank, N.A., CIBC Bank USA, and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, pursuant to which, through the accordion feature in the JPM Credit Facility, the aggregate commitments under the JPM Credit Facility increased from 687.5 million to 1.0 billion. 

Consolidated Results of Operations 
 
 The comparison of the fiscal years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019 can be found in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020 located within Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Consolidated operating results for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 are as follows 
 
 Year ended Variances September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 2021 vs. 2020 (In thousands) Interest income 309,832 318,480 (8,648) Accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums 21,399 16,437 4,962 GCIC acquisition purchase premium amortization (30,793) (39,920) 9,127 Dividend income from LLC equity interests in SLF and GCIC SLF (1) 
 1,905 (1,905) Dividend income 1,720 291 1,429 Fee income 4,967 1,760 3,207 Total investment income 307,125 298,953 8,172 Total net expenses 139,453 159,894 (20,441) Net investment income 167,672 139,059 28,613 Net realized gain (loss) on investment transactions 8,297 (16,277) 24,574 Net realized gain (loss) on investment transactions due to purchase premium (392) (2,383) 1,991 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investment transactions excluding purchase premium 134,061 (107,830) 241,891 Net change in unrealized appreciation on investment transactions due to purchase premium 31,185 42,303 (11,118) Net gain (loss) on investment transactions 173,151 (84,187) 257,338 Provision for taxes on unrealized appreciation on investments (543) (543) Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 340,280 54,872 285,408 Average earning debt investments, at fair value (2) 
 4,236,042 4,209,837 26,205 
 
 96 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 (1) For periods ending on or after January 1, 2020, the assets and liabilities of SLF and GCIC SLF are consolidated into our financial statements and notes thereto. 
 (2) Does not include our investments in LLC equity interests in SLF and GCIC SLF. 
 
 Net income can vary substantially from period to period for various reasons, including the recognition of realized gains and losses and unrealized appreciation and depreciation. As a result, year-to-date comparisons of net income may not be meaningful. 
 
 On September 16, 2019, we completed our acquisition of GCIC. The acquisition was accounted for under the asset acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805-50, Business Combinations Related Issues . Under asset acquisition accounting, where the consideration paid to GCIC s stockholders exceeded the relative fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, the premium paid by us was allocated to the cost of the GCIC assets acquired by us pro-rata based on their relative fair value. Immediately following the acquisition of GCIC, we recorded its assets at their respective fair values and, as a result, the purchase premium allocated to the cost basis of the GCIC assets acquired was immediately recognized as unrealized depreciation on our Consolidated Statement of Operations. The purchase premium allocated to investments in loan securities will amortize over the life of the loans through interest income with a corresponding reversal of the unrealized depreciation on such loans acquired through their ultimate disposition. The purchase premium allocated to investments in equity securities will not amortize over the life of the equity securities through interest income and, assuming no subsequent change to the fair value of the equity securities acquired from GCIC and disposition of such equity securities at fair value, we will recognize a realized loss with a corresponding reversal of the unrealized depreciation upon disposition of the equity securities acquired. 
 
 As a supplement to our GAAP financial measures, we have provided the following non-GAAP financial measures that we believe are useful for the reasons described below 
 Adjusted Net Investment Income - excludes the amortization of the purchase price premium and the accrual for the capital gain incentive fee (including the portion of such accrual that is not payable under the Investment Advisory Agreement) from net investment income calculated in accordance with GAAP 
 Adjusted Net Realized and Unrealized Gain (Loss) - excludes the unrealized loss resulting from the purchase premium write-down and the corresponding reversal of the unrealized loss resulting from the amortization of the premium on loans or from the sale of equity investments from the determination of realized and unrealized gain (loss) determined in accordance with GAAP and 
 Adjusted Net Income (Loss) calculates net income and earnings per share based on Adjusted Net Investment Income and Adjusted Net Realized and Unrealized Gain (Loss). 
 Year ended September 30, 2021 2020 (In thousands) Net investment income 167,672 139,059 Add GCIC acquisition purchase premium amortization 30,793 39,920 Adjusted net investment income 198,465 178,979 Net gain (loss) on investment transactions 173,151 (84,187) Add Realized (gain) loss on investment transactions due to purchase premium 392 2,383 Less Net change in unrealized appreciation on investment transactions due to purchase premium (31,185) (42,303) Adjusted net realized and unrealized gain (loss) 142,358 (124,107) Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 340,280 54,872 Add GCIC acquisition purchase premium amortization 30,793 39,920 Add Realized (gain) loss on investment transactions due to purchase premium 392 2,383 Less Net change in unrealized appreciation on investment transactions due to purchase premium (31,185) (42,303) Adjusted net income 340,280 54,872 
 
 We believe that excluding the financial impact of the purchase premium in the above non-GAAP financial measures is useful for investors as this is a non-cash expense loss and is one method we use to measure our results of operations. 
 
 97 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Although these non-GAAP financial measures are intended to enhance investors understanding of our business and performance, these non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered an alternative to GAAP. 
 
 Investment Income 
 
 Investment income increased from the year ended September 30, 2020 to the year ended September 30, 2021 by 8.2 million, primarily due to a reduction in GCIC acquisition purchase price premium amortization, an increase in fee income of 3.2 million primarily driven by an increase in prepayment fees and an increase in accretion income of 5.0 million resulting from increased payoffs of portfolio company investments. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in interest income that was driven primarily by a lower average LIBOR rate for the year ended September 30, 2021 as compared to the average LIBOR rate for the year ended September 30, 2020 and interest rate compression on new one stop and senior secured loans during the year ended September 30, 2021. 
 
 The income yield by debt security type for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 was as follows Year ended September 30, 2021 2020 Senior secured 6.1 6.5 One stop 7.7 7.8 Second lien 11.5 10.2 Subordinated debt 12.0 11.2 

Income yields on one stop and senior secured loans decreased for the year ended September 30, 2021 as compared to the year ended September 30, 2020 primarily due to a decrease in the average LIBOR for the year ended September 30, 2021 compared to the year ended September 30, 2020. Our loan portfolio is insulated from a drop in LIBOR below approximately 1.0 as over 90.0 of the loan portfolio at fair value as of September 30, 2021 is subject to a LIBOR floor. As of September 30, 2021, the weighted average LIBOR floor of our loans at fair value was 0.99 . 
 Income yields on one stop and senior secured loans also decreased for the year ended September 30, 2021 as compared to the year ended September 30, 2020 primarily due to a general trend of interest rate compression on new investments. 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, we have six second lien investments and two subordinated debt investments as shown in the Consolidated Schedule of Investments. Due to the limited number of second lien and subordinated debt investments, income yields on second lien and subordinated debt investments can be significantly impacted by the addition, subtraction or refinancing of one investment. 
 
 For additional details on investment yields and asset mix, refer to the Liquidity and Capital Resources - Portfolio Composition, Investment Activity and Yield section below. 
 
 98 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Expenses 
 
 The following table summarizes our expenses for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 Year ended September 30, Variances 2021 2020 2021 vs. 2020 (In thousands) Interest and other debt financing expenses 55,536 71,324 (15,788) Amortization of debt issuance costs 10,203 3,534 6,669 Base management fee, net of waiver 57,858 59,243 (1,385) Income incentive fee 3,214 13,831 (10,617) Capital gain incentive fee Professional fees 3,992 4,727 (735) Administrative service fee 7,227 6,037 1,190 General and administrative expenses 1,423 1,198 225 Net expenses 139,453 159,894 (20,441) Average debt outstanding 2,184,010 2,200,950 (16,940) 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Interest and other debt financing expenses, including amortization of debt issuance costs, decreased for the year ended September 30, 2021 compared to the year ended September 30, 2020 by 9.1 million, primarily due to a decrease in LIBOR on our floating rate facilities and a decrease in average debt outstanding, partially offset by the acceleration of amortization of deferred issuance costs for terminated facilities during the year ended September 30, 2021. For more information about our outstanding borrowings for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, including the terms thereof, see Note 7. Borrowings in the notes to our consolidated financial statements and the Liquidity and Capital Resources section below. 
 
 For the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, the effective average interest rate, which includes amortization of debt financing costs, amortization of discounts on notes issued and non-usage facility fees, on our total debt was 3.0 and 3.4 , respectively. The decrease in the effective average interest rate for the year ended September 30, 2021 compared to the year ended September 30, 2020 was primarily due to a lower average LIBOR on our borrowings, the issuance of the 2026 Unsecured Notes (as defined in Note 7 of our consolidated financial statements) that bear interest at a fixed rate of 2.500 and the issuance of the 2027 Unsecured Notes (as defined in Note 7 of our consolidated financial statements) that bear interest at a fixed rate of 2.050 , partially offset by the issuance of the 2024 Unsecured Notes (as defined in Note 7 of our consolidated financial statements) that bear interest at a fixed rate of 3.375 . 
 
 Management Fee 
 
 The base management fee, net of waiver, decreased from the year ended September 30, 2020 to the year ended September 30, 2021, primarily due to 4.0 million of base management fees irrevocably waived by GC Advisors to offset the one-time costs associated with the accelerated amortization of debt issuance costs on the early redemption of the 2020 Debt Securitization and debentures outstanding at SBIC VI during the fiscal year 2021 fourth quarter. The irrevocable waiver partially offset an increase in gross base management fees from the year ended September 30, 2020 to the year ended September 30, 2021 as a result of an increase in average adjusted gross assets from 2020 to 2021. 
 
 Incentive Fees 
 
 The incentive fee payable under the Investment Advisory Agreement consists of two parts (1) the Income Incentive Fee and (2) the Capital Gain Incentive Fee. The Income Incentive Fee decreased by 10.6 million from the year ended September 30, 2020 to the year ended September 30, 2021 primarily due to a lower rate of return on the value of our net assets driven by modest net funds growth through the third quarter of fiscal year 2021 and general interest rate compression on new investments, which was partially offset by an increase in Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined in Note 3 of our consolidated financial statements). As we remain in the catch-up provision of the calculation of the Income Incentive Fee, an increase in net investment income causes a corresponding increase in the Income Incentive fee until we are fully through the catch up. For the year ended September 30, 2021, while still not fully through the catch-up provision of the Income Incentive Fee calculation, the Income Incentive Fee as a 
 99 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 percentage of Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income decreased to 1.9 from 9.0 for the year ended September 30, 2020. 
 
 For each of the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, there was no Capital Gain Incentive Fee payable as calculated under the Investment Advisory Agreement. In accordance with GAAP, we are required to include the aggregate unrealized capital appreciation on investments in the calculation and accrue a capital gain incentive fee as if such unrealized capital appreciation were realized, even though such unrealized capital appreciation is not permitted to be considered in calculating the fee actually payable under the Investment Advisory Agreement. There was no capital gain incentive fee accrual calculated in accordance with GAAP as of September 30, 2021 and 2020. Any payment due under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement is calculated in arrears at the end of each calendar year. No Capital Gain Incentive Fees as calculated under the Investment Advisory Agreement or any prior investment advisory agreements, as applicable, have been payable since December 31, 2018. 
 
 For additional details on unrealized appreciation and depreciation of investments, refer to the Net Realized and Unrealized Gains and Losses section below. 
 
 Professional Fees, Administrative Service Fee, and General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 In total, professional fees, the administrative service fee, and general and administrative expenses increased by 0.7 million from the year ended September 30, 2020 to the year ended September 30, 2021. This increase was primarily due to an increase in the administrative service fee due to investments in information technology and human capital that was partially offset by reduced professional fees driven by operational synergies resulting from the Merger. In general, we expect certain of our operating expenses, including professional fees, the administrative service fee, and other general and administrative expenses to decline as a percentage of our total assets during periods of growth and increase as a percentage of our total assets during periods of asset declines. 
 
 The Administrator pays for certain expenses incurred by us. These expenses are subsequently reimbursed in cash. Total expenses reimbursed to the Administrator during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 were 7.0 million and 6.4 million, respectively. 
 
 As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, included in accounts payable and other liabilities were 2.5 million and 1.6 million, respectively, for expenses paid on behalf of us by the Administrator. 
 
 Net Realized and Unrealized Gains and Losses 
 
 The following table summarizes our net realized and unrealized gains (losses) for the periods presented Year ended September 30, Variances 2021 2020 2021 vs. 2020 (In thousands) Net realized gain (loss) on investments 13,324 (18,680) 32,004 Foreign currency transactions (5,419) 20 (5,439) Net realized gain (loss) on investment transactions 7,905 (18,660) 26,565 Unrealized appreciation on investments 183,514 53,225 130,289 Unrealized (depreciation) on investments (23,339) (118,918) 95,579 Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments in SLF and GCIC SLF (1) 
 3,843 (3,843) Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on translation of assets and liabilities in foreign currencies 3,917 (2,728) 6,645 Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on forward currency contracts 1,154 (949) 2,103 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investment transactions 165,246 (65,527) 230,773 Provision for taxes on unrealized appreciation on investments (543) (543) 
 
 (1) Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments in SLF and GCIC SLF includes our investments in LLC equity interests in SLF and GCIC SLF. The investment in GCIC SLF was acquired by us in the Merger. On January 1, 2020, SLF and GCIC SLF became our wholly-owned subsidiaries and the assets and liabilities were consolidated into us. 
 
 During the year ended September 30, 2021, we had a net realized gain of 7.9 million, primarily attributable to net realized gains from the sale of equity investments in multiple portfolio companies, that was partially offset by recognized realized losses on the restructure, sale, or write-off on multiple portfolio companies and net realized losses recognized on the repayment of non-U.S. dollar dominated debt. 
 
 100 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 For the year ended September 30, 2020, we had a net realized loss of 18.7 million primarily attributable to recognized realized losses on the restructure, sale, or write-off on multiple portfolio companies and 4.0 million in realized loss that resulted from the consolidation of SLF and GCIC SLF, partially offset by net realized gains from the sale of equity investments in multiple portfolio companies. 
 
 For the year ended September 30, 2021, we had 183.5 million in unrealized appreciation on 272 portfolio company investments, which was offset by 23.3 million in unrealized depreciation on 79 portfolio company investments. Unrealized appreciation for the year ended September 30, 2021 primarily resulted from better than expected performance of our portfolio companies and continued reversal of depreciation recognized during the three months ended March 31, 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Unrealized depreciation for the year ended September 30, 2021 primarily resulted from the amortization of discounts, negative credit related adjustments that caused a reduction in fair value and the reversal of the net unrealized appreciation associated with the sale of portfolio company investments during the year ended September 30, 2021. 
 
 For the year ended September 30, 2020, we had 53.2 million in unrealized appreciation on 140 portfolio company investments, which was offset by 118.9 million in unrealized depreciation on 136 portfolio company investments. Unrealized appreciation for the year ended September 30, 2020 primarily resulted from better than expected performance of our portfolio companies and credit market conditions beginning to recover. Unrealized depreciation for the year ended September 30, 2020 primarily resulted from decreases in the fair value in the majority of our portfolio company investments due to the immediate adverse economic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, the uncertainty surrounding its long-term impact and increases in the spread between the yields realized on risk-free and higher risk securities. The unrealized appreciation on our investments in SLF and GCIC SLF of 3.8 million was 
 due to the reversal of unrealized depreciation as a result of the consolidation of SLF and GCIC SLF. 
 
 For the year ended September 30, 2021, we had 0.5 million of income tax expense related to unrealized appreciation on investments held in consolidated subsidiaries that are subject to U.S. federal and state corporate-level income taxes. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 For the year ended September 30, 2021, we experienced a net increase in cash and cash equivalents, foreign currencies, restricted cash and cash equivalents and restricted foreign currencies of 60.8 million. During the period, cash used in operating activities was 306.0 million, primarily driven by fundings of portfolio investments of 2,082.1 million, offset by proceeds from principal payments and sales of portfolio investments of 1,593.5 million and net investment income of 167.7 million. Lastly, cash provided by financing activities was 366.9 million, primarily driven by borrowings on debt of 3,358.8 million, offset by repayments of debt of 2,816.1 million, distributions paid of 139.1 million, and purchases of common stock under the DRIP of 14.7 million. 
 
 For the year ended September 30, 2020, we experienced a net increase in cash, cash equivalents, foreign currencies, restricted cash and cash equivalents and restricted foreign currencies of 99.9 million. During the period, cash provided by operating activities was 187.7 million, primarily as a result of proceeds from principal payments and sales of portfolio investments of 706.0 million and net investment income of 139.1 million, partially offset by fundings of portfolio investments of 643.2 million. Lastly, cash used in financing activities was 87.8 million, primarily driven by repayments of debt of 1,255.1 million, distributions paid of 136.4 million, and purchases of common stock under the DRIP of 45.5 million, partially offset by borrowings on debt of 1,053.6 million and 300.4 million of proceeds from stock issuances. 
 
 As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, we had cash and cash equivalents of 175.6 million and 24.6 million, respectively. In addition, we had foreign currencies of 5.5 million and 0.6 million as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, restricted cash and cash equivalents of 61.8 million and 157.6 million as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and restricted foreign currencies of 1.4 million and 1.7 million as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Cash and cash equivalents and foreign currencies are available to fund new investments, pay operating expenses and pay distributions. Restricted cash and cash equivalents and restricted foreign currencies can be used to pay principal and interest on borrowings and to fund new investments that meet the guidelines under our debt securitizations or credit facilities, as applicable. 
 
 This Liquidity and Capital Resources section should be read in conjunction with the COVID-19 Developments section above. 
 101 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Revolving Debt Facilities 
 
 MS Credit Facility II - As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, we had 0.0 million and 313.3 million outstanding under the MS Credit Facility II, respectively. As of September 30, 2021, the MS Credit Facility II allowed Funding II as amended, to borrow up to 75.0 million at any one time outstanding, subject to leverage and borrowing base restrictions. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, subject to leverage and borrowing base restrictions, we had approximately 75.0 million and 86.7 million of remaining commitments, respectively, and 75.0 million and 8.0 million of availability, respectively, on the MS Credit Facility II. 
 
 WF Credit Facility - On February 12, 2021, we repaid all outstanding borrowings under the WF Credit Facility, following which the WF Credit Facility was terminated. As of September 30, 2020, we had outstanding debt under the WF Credit Facility of 199.6 million. Prior to termination, the WF Credit Facility allowed GCIC Funding, to borrow up to 300.0 million at any one time outstanding, subject to leverage and borrowing base restrictions. 
 
 DB Credit Facility - On October 9, 2020, all outstanding borrowings under the DB Credit Facility were repaid following which the DB Credit Facility was terminated. As of September 30, 2020, we had outstanding debt under the DB Credit Facility of 153.5 million. As of September 30, 2020, subject to leverage and borrowing base restrictions, we had approximately 96.5 million of remaining commitments and 82.7 million of availability on the DB Credit Facility. 
 
 JPM Credit Facility - On February 11, 2021, we entered into the JPM Credit Facility, which allowed us to borrow up to 475.0 million at any one time outstanding, subject to leverage and borrowing base restrictions. As of September 30, 2021, we had outstanding debt under the JPM Credit Facility of 472.1 million. As of September 30, 2021, subject to leverage and borrowing base restrictions, we had 2.9 million of remaining commitments and 2.9 million of availability on the JPM Credit Facility. Effective October 14, 2021 and November 23, 2021, we increased commitments on the JPM Credit Facility to 687.5 million and 1,037.5 million, respectively. 
 
 Adviser Revolver - On June 22, 2016, we entered into the Adviser Revolver, which, as amended, permitted us to borrow up to 100.0 million at any one time outstanding as of September 30, 2021. We entered into the Adviser Revolver in order to have the ability to borrow funds on a short-term basis and have in the past repaid, and generally intend in the future to repay, borrowings under the Adviser Revolver within 30 to 45 days from which they are drawn. As of each of September 30, 2021 and 2020, we had no amounts outstanding on the Adviser Revolver. 
 
 Debt Securitizations 
 
 2018 Debt Securitization - On November 16, 2018, we completed the 2018 Debt Securitization. The Class A, Class B and Class C-1 2018 Notes are included in the September 30, 2021 and 2020 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as our debt and the Class C-2, Class D and Subordinated 2018 Notes were eliminated in consolidation. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, we had outstanding debt under the 2018 Debt Securitization of 408.2 million and 408.2 million, respectively. 
 
 GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization - Effective September 16, 2019, we assumed as a result of the Merger, the GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization. The Class A-1, Class A-2 (Class A-2-R GCIC 2018 Notes after refinancing on December 21, 2020) and Class B-1 GCIC 2018 Notes are included in the September 30, 2021 and 2020 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as our debt. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020 the Class B-2, Class C and Class D GCIC 2018 Notes and the Subordinated GCIC 2018 Notes were eliminated in consolidation. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, we had outstanding debt under the GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization of 544.2 million and 542.4 million, respectively. 
 
 2020 Debt Securitization - On August 26, 2021, the 2020 Notes were redeemed and following such redemption, the agreements governing the 2020 Debt Securitization were terminated. The Class A-1, Class A-2, and Class B Notes are included in the September 30, 2020 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as our debt. As of September 30, 2020, the Class C 2020 Notes and the Subordinated 2020 Notes were eliminated in consolidation. As of September 30, 2020, we had outstanding debt under the 2020 Debt Securitization of 189.0 million. 
 
 Due to the interplay of the 1940 Act restrictions on principal and joint transactions and the U.S. risk retention rules adopted pursuant to Section 941 of Dodd-Frank, as a business development company, we sought and received no 
 102 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 action relief from the SEC to ensure we could engage in CLO financings in which assets are transferred through GC Advisors. 
 
 SBA Debentures 
 
 Under present SBIC regulations, the maximum amount of debentures guaranteed by the SBA, issued by multiple licensees under common management is 350.0 million and the maximum amount issued by a single SBIC licensee is 175.0 million. As of September 30, 2021, each of SBIC IV, SBIC V and SBIC VI, had no outstanding SBA-guaranteed debentures. As of September 30, 2020, SBIC IV, SBIC V and SBIC VI, had 0.0, 151.8 million and 66.0 million, respectively, of outstanding SBA-guaranteed debentures that would have matured between March 2024 and March 2030. The original amount of debentures committed to SBIC IV, SBIC V, and SBIC VI by the SBA were 150.0 million, 175.0 million, and 175.0 million respectively. Through September 30, 2021, SBIC IV, SBIC V, SBIC VI have repaid 150.0 million, 175.0 million, and 110.0 million of outstanding debentures, respectively, and these commitments have effectively been terminated. Upon approval by the SBA, we surrendered and terminated our licenses to operate SBIC IV, SBIC V, and SBIC VI on November 4, 2020, May 4, 2021, and September 21, 2021, respectively, as SBICs. 
 
 2024 Notes 
 
 On October 2, 2020, we issued 400.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Unsecured Notes, all of which remained outstanding as our debt as of September 30, 2021. On October 15, 2021, we issued an additional 100.0 million in aggregate principal of the 2024 Notes. Upon issuance of the New 2024 Notes, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Notes is 500.0 million. 
 
 2026 Notes 
 
 On February 24, 2021, we issued 400.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Unsecured Notes, all of which remained outstanding as our debt as of September 30, 2021. On October 13, 2021, we issued an additional 200.0 million in aggregate principal of the 2026 Notes. Upon issuance of the New 2026 Notes, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes is 600.0 million. 
 
 2027 Notes 
 
 On July 27, 2021, we issued 350.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Unsecured Notes, all of which remained outstanding as our debt as of September 30, 2021. 
 
 Equity Distribution Agreement 
 
 On May 28, 2021, we entered into an equity distribution agreement in connection with the launch of an at the market program to sell up to 250.0 million of shares of our common stock. An at the market offering is a registered offering by a publicly traded issuer of its listed equity securities that allows the issuer to sell shares directly into the market at market prices. 
 
 Asset Coverage, Contractual Obligations, Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Other Liquidity Considerations 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, in accordance with the 1940 Act, with certain limited exceptions, we were allowed to borrow amounts such that our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least 150 after such borrowing. Prior to February 6, 2019, in accordance with the 1940 Act, with certain limited exceptions, we were allowed to borrow amounts such that our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, was at least 200 after such borrowing. We currently intend to continue to target a GAAP debt-to-equity ratio between 0.85x to 1.25x. As of September 30, 2021, our asset coverage for borrowed amounts was 200.0 . 
 
 In August 2021, our board of directors reapproved a share repurchase program, or the Program, which allows us 
 to repurchase up to 150.0 million of our outstanding common stock on the open market at prices below the NAV per share as reported in our then most recently published consolidated financial statements. The Program is implemented at the discretion of management with shares to be purchased from time to time at prevailing market 
 prices, through open market transactions, including block transactions. We did not make any repurchases of our common stock during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020. 
 103 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, we had outstanding commitments to fund investments totaling 340.7 million and 141.8 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2021, total commitments of 340.7 million included 42.2 million of unfunded commitments on revolvers. There is no guarantee that these amounts will be funded to the borrowing party now or in the future. The unfunded commitments relate to loans with various maturity dates, but the entire amount was eligible for funding to the borrowers, subject to the terms of each loan s respective credit agreement. A summary of maturity requirements for our principal borrowings as of September 30, 2021 is included in Note 7 of our consolidated financial statements. We did not have any other material contractual payment obligations as of September 30, 2021. As of September 30, 2021, we believe that we had sufficient assets and liquidity to adequately cover future obligations under our unfunded commitments based on historical rates of drawings upon unfunded commitments, cash and restricted cash balances that we maintain, availability under the Adviser Revolver, JPM Credit Facility and MS Credit Facility II, as well as ongoing principal repayments on debt investments. In addition, we generally hold some syndicated loans in larger portfolio companies that are saleable over a relatively short period to generate cash. 
 
 In addition, we have entered and, in the future, may again enter into derivative instruments that contain elements of off-balance sheet market and credit risk. Refer to Note 5 of our consolidated financial statements for outstanding forward currency contracts as of September 30, 2021 and 2020. Derivative instruments can be affected by market conditions, such as interest rate volatility, which could impact the fair value of the derivative instruments. If market conditions move against us, we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of the derivative instruments and may realize a loss. We minimize market risk through monitoring its investments and borrowings. 
 
 Although we expect to fund the growth of our investment portfolio through the net proceeds from future securities offerings and future borrowings, to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act, we cannot assure you that our efforts to raise capital will be successful. In addition, from time to time, we can amend or refinance our leverage facilities and securitization financings, to the extent permitted by applicable law. In addition to capital not being available, it also may not be available on favorable terms. To the extent we are not able to raise capital on what we believe are favorable terms, we will focus on optimizing returns by investing capital generated from repayments into new investments we believe are attractive from a risk reward perspective. Furthermore, to the extent we are not able to raise capital and are at or near our targeted leverage ratios, we expect to receive smaller allocations, if any, on new investment opportunities under GC Advisors allocation policy and have, in the past, received such smaller allocations under similar circumstances. 

Portfolio Composition, Investment Activity and Yield 
 
 As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, we had investments in 296 and 254 portfolio companies, respectively, with a total fair value of 4.9 billion and 4.2 billion, respectively. 
 
 The following table shows the asset mix of our new investment commitments for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 
 Years ended September 30, 2021 2020 (In thousands) Percentage (In thousands) Percentage Senior secured 398,734 17.0 106,268 17.9 One stop 1,850,769 78.8 481,662 80.9 Second lien 29,899 1.3 Subordinated debt 377 0.0 138 0.0 Equity 67,901 2.9 7,010 1.2 Total new investment commitments 2,347,680 100.0 595,078 100.0 
 
 Represents an amount less than 0.1 . 
 
 Due to a significant increase in merger and acquisition activity as a result of improvements in market conditions from the COVID-19 pandemic, new commitments increased from the year ended September 30, 2020 to the year ended September 30, 2021. 
 
 For the year ended September 30, 2021, we had approximately 1,593.5 million in proceeds from principal payments and sales of portfolio investments. 
 104 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

For the year ended September 30, 2020, we had approximately 706.0 million in proceeds from principal payments and sales of portfolio investments. 
 
 The following table shows the principal, amortized cost and fair value of our portfolio of investments by asset class 
 As of September 30, 2021 (1) 
 As of September 30, 2020 (2) 
 Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value (In thousands) (In thousands) Senior secured Performing 796,269 793,707 781,962 645,886 649,259 627,471 Non-accrual (3) 
 20,047 9,813 2,843 37,849 27,026 12,742 One stop Performing 3,876,907 3,860,525 3,839,053 3,518,814 3,540,446 3,429,012 Non-accrual (3) 
 59,699 52,806 43,261 81,897 75,239 56,573 Second lien Performing 42,571 41,946 41,857 19,640 19,886 19,640 Non-accrual (3) 
 Subordinated debt Performing 172 171 172 537 541 575 Non-accrual (3) 
 Equity N A 136,429 185,738 N A 86,503 92,197 Total 4,795,665 4,895,397 4,894,886 4,304,623 4,398,900 4,238,210 
 
 (1) As of September 30, 2021, 502.1 million and 476.1 million of our loans at amortized cost and fair value, respectively, included a feature permitting a portion of the interest due on such loan to be PIK interest. 
 (2) As of September 30, 2020, 488.1 million and 454.9 million of our loans at amortized cost and fair value, respectively, included a feature permitting a portion of the interest due on such loan to be PIK interest. 
 (3) We refer to a loan as non-accrual when we cease recognizing interest income on the loan because we have stopped pursuing repayment of the loan or, in certain circumstances, it is past due 90 days or more on principal and interest or our management has reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected. See Critical Accounting Policies Revenue Recognition. 
 As of September 30, 2021, we had loans in six portfolio companies on non-accrual status, and non-accrual 
 investments as a percentage of total debt investments at cost and fair value were 1.3 and 1.0 , respectively. 
 As of September 30, 2020, we had loans in nine portfolio companies on non-accrual status, and non-accrual investments as a percentage of total investments at cost and fair value were 2.4 and 1.7 , respectively. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the fair value of our debt investments as a percentage of the outstanding principal value was 98.2 and 96.3 , respectively. 
 
 The following table shows the weighted average rate, spread over LIBOR of floating rate and fees of investments originated and the weighted average rate of sales and payoffs of portfolio companies during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 Year ended September 30, 2021 2020 Weighted average rate of new investment fundings 6.7 7.4 Weighted average spread over LIBOR of new floating rate investment fundings 5.8 5.7 Weighted average fees of new investment fundings 1.2 1.4 Weighted average rate of sales and payoffs of portfolio investments 6.9 7.2 

As of September 30, 2021, 92.4 and 92.4 of our debt portfolio at fair value and at amortized cost, respectively, had interest rate floors that limit the minimum applicable interest rates on such loans. As of September 30, 2020, 91.2 and 91.3 of our debt portfolio at fair value and at amortized cost, respectively, had interest rate floors that limit the minimum applicable interest rates on such loans. 
 105 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the portfolio median earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, for our portfolio companies was 41.1 million and 31.4 million, respectively. The portfolio median EBITDA is based on the most recently reported trailing twelve-month EBITDA received from the portfolio company. 
 
 As part of the monitoring process, GC Advisors regularly assesses the risk profile of each of our investments and rates each of them based on an internal system developed by Golub Capital and its affiliates. This system is not generally accepted in our industry or used by our competitors. It is based on the following categories, which we refer to as GC Advisors internal performance ratings Internal Performance Ratings Rating Definition 5 Involves the least amount of risk in our portfolio. The borrower is performing above expectations, and the trends and risk factors are generally favorable. 4 Involves an acceptable level of risk that is similar to the risk at the time of origination. The borrower is generally performing as expected, and the risk factors are neutral to favorable. 3 Involves a borrower performing below expectations and indicates that the loan s risk has increased somewhat since origination. The borrower could be out of compliance with debt covenants however, loan payments are generally not past due. 2 Involves a borrower performing materially below expectations and indicates that the loan s risk has increased materially since origination. In addition to the borrower being generally out of compliance with debt covenants, loan payments could be past due (but generally not more than 180 days past due). 1 Involves a borrower performing substantially below expectations and indicates that the loan s risk has substantially increased since origination. Most or all of the debt covenants are out of compliance and payments are substantially delinquent. Loans rated 1 are not anticipated to be repaid in full and we will reduce the fair market value of the loan to the amount we anticipate will be recovered. 
 
 Our internal performance ratings do not constitute any rating of investments by a nationally recognized statistical rating organization or represent or reflect any third-party assessment of any of our investments. 
 
 For any investment rated 1, 2 or 3, GC Advisors will increase its monitoring intensity and prepare regular updates for the investment committee, summarizing current operating results and material impending events and suggesting recommended actions. 
 
 GC Advisors monitors and, when appropriate, changes the internal performance ratings assigned to each investment in our portfolio. In connection with our valuation process, GC Advisors and our board of directors review these internal performance ratings on a quarterly basis. 
 
 106 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 The following table shows the distribution of our investments on the 1 to 5 internal performance rating scale at fair value as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 As of September 30, 2021 As of September 30, 2020 Internal Performance Rating Investments at Fair Value (In thousands) Percentage of Total Investments Investments at Fair Value (In thousands) Percentage of Total Investments 5 499,241 10.2 257,409 6.1 4 3,951,870 80.7 3,085,610 72.8 3 395,208 8.1 836,560 19.7 2 47,836 1.0 57,754 1.4 1 731 0.0 877 0.0 Total 4,894,886 100.0 4,238,210 100.0 
 
 Represents an amount less than 0.1 . 

Distributions 
 
 We intend to make quarterly distributions to our stockholders as determined by our board of directors. For additional details on distributions, see Income taxes in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 We may not be able to achieve operating results that will allow us to make distributions at a specific level or to increase the amount of our distributions from time to time. In addition, the asset coverage requirements applicable to us as a business development company under the 1940 Act could limit our ability to make distributions. If we do not distribute a certain percentage of our income annually, we will suffer adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences, including the possible loss of our ability to be subject to tax as a RIC. We cannot assure stockholders that they will receive any distributions. 
 
 Because federal income tax regulations differ from GAAP, distributions in accordance with tax regulations can differ from net investment income and realized gains recognized for financial reporting purposes. Differences are permanent or temporary. Permanent differences are reclassified within capital accounts in the financial statements to reflect their tax character. For example, permanent differences in classification result from the treatment of distributions paid from short-term gains as ordinary income dividends for tax purposes. Temporary differences arise when certain items of income, expense, gain or loss are recognized at some time in the future. 
 
 To the extent our taxable earnings fall below the total amount of our distributions for any tax year, a portion of those distributions could be deemed a return of capital to our stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Thus, the source of a distribution to our stockholders could be the original capital invested by the stockholder rather than our income or gains. Stockholders should read any written disclosure accompanying a distribution payment carefully and should not assume that the source of any distribution is our ordinary income or gains. 
 
 We have adopted an opt out dividend reinvestment plan for our common stockholders. As a result, if we declare a distribution, our stockholders cash distributions will be automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock unless a stockholder specifically opts out of our dividend reinvestment plan. If a stockholder opts out, that stockholder will receive cash distributions. Although distributions paid in the form of additional shares of our common stock will generally be subject to U.S. federal, state and local taxes in the same manner as cash distributions, stockholders participating in our dividend reinvestment plan will not receive any corresponding cash distributions with which to pay any such applicable taxes. 
 
 107 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Related Party Transactions 
 
 We have entered into a number of business relationships with affiliated or related parties, including the following 
 
 We entered into the Investment Advisory Agreement with GC Advisors. Mr. Lawrence Golub, our chairman, is a manager of GC Advisors, and Mr. David Golub, our chief executive officer, is a manager of GC Advisors, and each of Messrs. Lawrence Golub and David Golub owns an indirect pecuniary interest in GC Advisors. 
 
 Golub Capital LLC provides, and other affiliates of Golub Capital have historically provided, us with the office facilities and administrative services necessary to conduct day-to-day operations pursuant to our Administration Agreement. 
 
 We have entered into a license agreement with Golub Capital LLC, pursuant to which Golub Capital LLC has granted us a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the name Golub Capital. 
 
 Under the Staffing Agreement, Golub Capital LLC has agreed to provide GC Advisors with the resources necessary to fulfill its obligations under the Investment Advisory Agreement. The Staffing Agreement provides that Golub Capital LLC will make available to GC Advisors experienced investment professionals and provide access to the senior investment personnel of Golub Capital LLC for purposes of evaluating, negotiating, structuring, closing and monitoring our investments. The Staffing Agreement also includes a commitment that the members of GC Advisors investment committee will serve in such capacity. Services under the Staffing Agreement are provided on a direct cost reimbursement basis. We are not a party to the Staffing Agreement. 
 
 GC Advisors served as collateral manager to the 2014 Issuer under the 2014 Collateral Management Agreement and the 2020 Issuer under the 2020 Collateral Management Agreement and serves as collateral manager to the 2018 Issuer and the GCIC 2018 Issuer under the 2018 Collateral Management Agreement and the GCIC 2018 Collateral Management Agreement, respectively. Fees payable to GC Advisors for providing these services offset against the base management fee payable by us under the Investment Advisory Agreement. 
 
 We have entered into the Adviser Revolver with GC Advisors in order to have the ability to borrow funds on a short-term basis. 
 
 Through the first three calendar quarters of 2021, the Golub Capital Employee Grant Program Rabbi Trust, or the Trust, purchased approximately 3.7 million, or 235,443 shares of our common stock for the purpose of awarding incentive compensation to employees of Golub Capital. During calendar year 2020, the Trust, purchased approximately 54.7 million, or 4,103,225 shares of our common stock for the purpose of awarding incentive compensation to employees of Golub Capital. 
 
 On September 16, 2019, we completed our acquisition of GCIC pursuant to the Merger Agreement. 
 
 On January 1, 2020, we purchased the equity interests held by RGA and Aurora in the Senior Loans Funds pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. 
 
 In the transferable rights offering completed on May 15, 2020, 3,191,448 shares of our common stock were purchased by affiliates of GC Advisors. 
 
 On October 2, 2020, an affiliate of GC Advisors purchased 40.0 million of the 2024 Unsecured Notes. On October 8, 2020, the affiliate sold 15.0 million of the 2024 Unsecured Notes to an unaffiliated party. On May 21, 2021, the affiliate sold 25.0 million of the 2024 Unsecured Notes to an unaffiliated party which closed its position. 
 
 GC Advisors also sponsors or manages, and expects in the future to sponsor or manage, other investment funds, accounts or investment vehicles (together referred to as accounts that have investment mandates that are similar, in whole and in part, with ours. For example, GC Advisors presently serves as the investment adviser to Golub Capital BDC 3, Inc. and Golub Capital Direct Lending Corporation, both unlisted business development companies 
 108 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 that primarily focus on investing in one stop and other senior secured loans. In addition, our officers and directors serve in similar capacity for Golub Capital BDC 3, Inc. and Golub Capital Direct Lending Corporation. If GC Advisors and its affiliates determine that an investment is appropriate for us, Golub Capital BDC 3, Inc., Golub Capital Direct Lending Corporation and other accounts, depending on the availability of such investment and other appropriate factors, and pursuant to GC Advisors allocation policy, GC Advisors or its affiliates could determine that we should invest side-by-side with one or more other accounts. We do not intend to make any investments if they are not permitted by applicable law and interpretive positions of the SEC and its staff, or if they are inconsistent with GC Advisors allocation procedures. 
 
 In addition, we have adopted a formal code of ethics that governs the conduct of our and GC Advisors officers, directors and employees. Our officers and directors also remain subject to the duties imposed by both the 1940 Act and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 

Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and revenues and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following items as critical accounting policies. 

Fair Value Measurements 
 
 We value investments for which market quotations are readily available at their market quotations. However, a readily available market value is not expected to exist for many of the investments in our portfolio, and we value these portfolio investments at fair value as determined in good faith by our board of directors under our valuation policy and process. 
 
 Valuation methods include comparisons of the portfolio companies to peer companies that are public, determination of the enterprise value of a portfolio company, discounted cash flow analysis and a market interest rate approach. The factors that are taken into account in fair value pricing investments include available current market data, including relevant and applicable market trading and transaction comparables applicable market yields and multiples security covenants call protection provisions information rights the nature and realizable value of any collateral the portfolio company s ability to make payments, its earnings and discounted cash flows and the markets in which it does business comparisons of financial ratios of peer companies that are public comparable merger and acquisition transactions and the principal market and enterprise values. When an external event such as a purchase transaction, public offering or subsequent equity sale occurs, we will consider the pricing indicated by the external event to corroborate the private equity valuation. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of the investments can differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a readily available market value existed for such investments and differ materially from values that are ultimately received or settled. 
 
 Our board of directors is ultimately and solely responsible for determining, in good faith, the fair value of investments that are not publicly traded, whose market prices are not readily available on a quarterly basis or any other situation where portfolio investments require a fair value determination. 
 
 With respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available, our board of directors undertakes a multi-step valuation process each quarter, as described below 
 
 Our quarterly valuation process begins with each portfolio company investment being initially valued by the investment professionals of GC Advisors responsible for credit monitoring. Preliminary valuation conclusions are then documented and discussed with our senior management and GC Advisors. The audit committee of our board of directors reviews these preliminary valuations. At least once annually the valuation for each portfolio investment, subject to a de minimis threshold, is reviewed by an independent valuation firm. The board of directors discusses valuations and determines the fair value of each investment in our portfolio in good faith. 
 
 109 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Determination of fair values involves subjective judgments and estimates. Under current accounting standards, the notes to our consolidated financial statements refer to the uncertainty with respect to the possible effect of such valuations, and any change in such valuations, on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 We follow ASC Topic 820 for measuring fair value. Fair value is the price that would be received in the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Where available, fair value is based on observable market prices or parameters, or derived from such prices or parameters. Where observable prices or inputs are not available, valuation models are applied. These valuation models involve some level of management estimation and judgment, the degree of which is dependent on the price transparency for the assets or liabilities or market and the assets or liabilities complexity. Our fair value analysis includes an analysis of the value of any unfunded loan commitments. Assets and liabilities are categorized for disclosure purposes based upon the level of judgment associated with the inputs used to measure their value. The valuation hierarchical levels are based upon the transparency of the inputs to the valuation of the asset or liability as of the measurement date. The three levels are defined as follows 
 
 Level 1 Inputs are unadjusted, quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date. 
 Level 2 Inputs include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets and inputs that are observable for the assets or liabilities, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 
 Level 3 Inputs include significant unobservable inputs for the assets or liabilities and include situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the assets or liabilities. The inputs into the determination of fair value are based upon the best information available and may require significant management judgment or estimation. 
 In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, an asset s or a liability s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, and we consider factors specific to the asset or liability. We assess the levels of assets and liabilities at each measurement date, and transfers between levels are recognized on the actual date of the event or change in circumstances that caused the transfers. There were no transfers among Level 1, 2 and 3 of the fair value hierarchy for assets and liabilities during the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. The following section describes the valuation techniques used by us to measure different assets and liabilities at fair value and includes the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the assets and liabilities are categorized. 
 
 Valuation of Investments 
 
 Level 1 investments are valued using quoted market prices. Level 2 investments are valued using market consensus prices that are corroborated by observable market data and quoted market prices for similar assets and liabilities. Level 3 investments are valued at fair value as determined in good faith by our board of directors, based on input of management, the audit committee and independent valuation firms that have been engaged at the direction of our board of directors to assist in the valuation of each portfolio investment without a readily available market quotation at least once during a trailing twelve-month period under a valuation policy and a consistently applied valuation process. This valuation process is conducted at the end of each fiscal quarter, with approximately 25 (based on the number of portfolio companies) of our valuations of debt and equity investments without readily available market quotations subject to review by an independent valuation firm. All investments as of September 30, 2021, with the exception of money market funds included in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents and one portfolio company equity investment (Level 1 investments) and forward currency contracts (Level 2 investments), were valued using Level 3 inputs. All investments as of September 30, 2020, with the exception of money market funds included in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents (Level 1 investments) and forward currency contracts (Level 2 investments), were valued using Level 3 inputs. 
 
 When determining fair value of Level 3 debt and equity investments, we may take into account the following factors, where relevant the enterprise value of a portfolio company, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earnings and discounted cash flows, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparisons to publicly traded securities, and changes in the interest rate environment and the credit markets generally that may affect the price at which similar investments may be made and other relevant factors. The primary method for determining enterprise value uses a multiple analysis whereby 
 110 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 appropriate multiples are applied to the portfolio company s EBITDA. A portfolio company s EBITDA may include pro-forma adjustments for items such as acquisitions, divestitures, or expense reductions. The enterprise value analysis is performed to determine the value of equity investments and to determine if debt investments are credit impaired. If debt investments are credit impaired, we will use the enterprise value analysis or a liquidation basis analysis to determine fair value. For debt investments that are not determined to be credit impaired, we use a market interest rate yield analysis to determine fair value. 
 
 In addition, for certain debt investments, we may base our valuation on indicative bid and ask prices provided by an independent third party pricing service. Bid prices reflect the highest price that we and others may be willing to pay. Ask prices represent the lowest price that we and others may be willing to accept. We generally use the midpoint of the bid ask range as our best estimate of fair value of such investment. 
 
 Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of Level 3 investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of the investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a market existed for such investments and may differ materially from the values that may ultimately be received or settled. Further, such investments are generally subject to legal and other restrictions or otherwise are less liquid than publicly traded instruments. If we were required to liquidate a portfolio investment in a forced or liquidation sale, we may realize significantly less than the value at which such investment had previously been recorded. 
 
 Our investments are subject to market risk. Market risk is the potential for changes in the value due to market changes. Market risk is directly impacted by the volatility and liquidity in the markets in which the investments are traded. 

Valuation of Other Financial Assets and Liabilities 
 
 The fair value of the 2024 Notes, 2026 Notes and 2027 Notes is based on vendor pricing received by the Company, which is considered a Level 2 input. The fair value of our remaining debt is estimated using Level 3 inputs by discounting remaining payments using comparable market rates or market quotes for similar instruments at the measurement date, if available. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 Our revenue recognition policies are as follows 
 
 Investments and Related Investment Income Interest income is accrued based upon the outstanding principal amount and contractual interest terms of debt investments. Premiums, discounts, and origination fees are amortized or accreted into interest income over the life of the respective debt investment. For investments with contractual PIK interest, which represents contractual interest accrued and added to the principal balance that generally becomes due at maturity, we do not accrue PIK interest if the portfolio company valuation indicates that the PIK interest is not likely to be collectible. In addition, we may generate revenue in the form of amendment, structuring or due diligence fees, fees for providing managerial assistance, consulting fees and prepayment premiums on loans and record these fees as fee income when received. Loan origination fees, original issue discount and market discount or premium are capitalized, and we accrete or amortize such amounts as interest income. We record prepayment premiums on loans as fee income. Dividend income on preferred equity securities is recorded as dividend income on an accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are payable by the portfolio company and are expected to be collected. Dividend income on common equity securities is recorded on the record date for private portfolio companies or on the ex-dividend date for publicly traded portfolio companies. Distributions received from LLC and limited partnership, or LP, investments are evaluated to determine if the distribution should be recorded as dividend income or a return of capital. Generally, we will not record distributions from equity investments in LLCs and LPs as dividend income unless there are sufficient accumulated tax-basis earnings and profits in the LLC or LP prior to the distribution. Distributions that are classified as a return of capital are recorded as a reduction in the cost basis of the investment. 
 
 We account for investment transactions on a trade-date basis. Realized gains or losses on investments are measured by the difference between the net proceeds from the disposition and the cost basis of investment, without regard to unrealized gains or losses previously recognized. We report changes in fair value of investments from the prior period that is measured at fair value as a component of the net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 111 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Non-accrual Loans may be left on accrual status during the period we are pursuing repayment of the loan. Management reviews all loans that become past due 90 days or more on principal and interest or when there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected for possible placement on non-accrual status. We generally reverse accrued interest when a loan is placed on non-accrual. Additionally, any original issue discount and market discount are no longer accreted to interest income as of the date the loan is placed on non-accrual status. Interest payments received on non-accrual loans may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon management s judgment. We restore non-accrual loans to accrual status when past due principal and interest is paid and, in our management s judgment, are likely to remain current. The total fair value of our non-accrual loans was 46.1 million and 69.3 million as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Income taxes We have elected to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code and operate in a manner so as to qualify for the tax treatment applicable to RICs. In order to be subject to tax as a RIC, we are required to meet certain source of income and asset diversification requirements, as well as timely distribute to our stockholders dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes of an amount generally at least equal to 90 of investment company taxable income, as defined by the Code and determined without regard to any deduction for dividends paid, for each tax year. We have made and intend to continue to make the requisite distributions to our stockholders, which will generally relieve us from U.S. federal income taxes. 
 
 Depending on the level of taxable income earned in a tax year, we may choose to retain taxable income in excess of current year dividend distributions and would distribute such taxable income in the next tax year. We may then be required to incur a 4 excise tax on such income. To the extent that we determine that our estimated current year annual taxable income, determined on a calendar year basis, could exceed estimated current calendar year dividend distributions, we accrue excise tax, if any, on estimated excess taxable income as taxable income is earned. For each of the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, we did not incur any U.S federal excise tax. 
 
 We have consolidated subsidiaries that are subject to U.S. federal and state corporate-level income taxes. For the year ended September 30, 2021, we recorded a net tax expense of 0.5 million for taxable subsidiaries. For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, we did not record a net tax expense for taxable subsidiaries. As of September 30, 2021, we recorded a net deferred tax liability on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition of 0.5 million for taxable subsidiaries, primarily due to unrealized appreciation on the investments held at the taxable subsidiaries. As of September 30, 2020, there was no deferred tax asset or liability recorded on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition. 
 
 Because federal income tax regulations differ from GAAP, distributions in accordance with tax regulations may differ from net investment income and realized gains recognized for financial reporting purposes. Differences may be permanent or temporary. Permanent differences are reclassified within capital accounts in the financial statements to reflect their tax character. For example, permanent differences in classification may result from the treatment of distributions paid from short-term gains as ordinary income dividends for tax purposes. Temporary differences arise when certain items of income, expense, gain or loss are recognized at some time in the future. 
 
 112 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 We are subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates. Many of the loans in our portfolio have floating interest rates, and we expect that our loans in the future may also have floating interest rates. These loans are usually based on a floating LIBOR and typically have interest rate reset provisions that adjust applicable interest rates under such loans to current market rates on a quarterly basis. The loans that are subject to the floating LIBOR are also typically subject to a minimum base rate, or floor, that we charge on our loans if the current market rates are below the respective floors. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the weighted average LIBOR floor on the loans subject to floating interest rates was 0.99 and 1.01 , respectively. The Class A, B and C-1 2018 Notes issued in connection with the 2018 Debt Securitization have floating rate interest provisions based on three-month LIBOR that reset quarterly, as do the Class A-1 and B-1 GCIC 2018 Notes as issued as part of the GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization. The MS Credit Facility II has a floating interest rate provision primarily based on one-month LIBOR plus 2.45 . Finally, the JPM Credit Facility has a floating interest rate provision primarily based on one-month LIBOR plus a spread that ranges from 1.75 to 1.875 . We expect that other credit facilities into which we enter in the future may have floating interest rate provisions. 
 
 In connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, the U.S. Federal Reserve and other central banks have reduced certain interest rates and LIBOR has decreased. A prolonged reduction in interest rates will reduce our gross investment income and could result in a decrease in our net investment income if such decreases in LIBOR are not offset by a corresponding increase in the spread over LIBOR that we earn on any portfolio investments, a decrease in our operating expenses, including with respect to our income incentive fee, or a decrease in the interest rate of our floating interest rate liabilities tied to LIBOR. 
 
 Assuming that the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition as of September 30, 2021 were to remain constant and that we took no actions to alter interest rate sensitivity as of such date, the following table shows the annualized impact of hypothetical base rate changes in interest rates. Change in interest rates Increase (decrease) in interest income Increase (decrease) in interest expense Net increase (decrease) in investment income (In thousands) Down 25 basis points (907) (3,465) 2,558 Up 50 basis points 1,819 6,930 (5,111) Up 100 basis points 9,854 13,860 (4,006) Up 150 basis points 32,321 20,790 11,531 Up 200 basis points 54,870 27,719 27,151 
 
 Although we believe that this analysis is indicative of our sensitivity to interest rate changes as of September 30, 2021, it does not adjust for changes in the credit market, credit quality, the size and composition of the assets in our portfolio and other business developments, including borrowings under the Debt Securitizations, the MS Credit Facility II, the JPM Credit Facility, Adviser Revolver, or other borrowings, that could affect net increase in net assets resulting from operations, or net income. Accordingly, we can offer no assurances that actual results would not differ materially from the analysis above. 
 
 We may in the future hedge against interest rate fluctuations by using standard hedging instruments such as interest rate swaps, futures, options and forward contracts to the limited extent permitted under the 1940 Act and applicable commodities laws. While hedging activities may insulate us against adverse changes in interest rates, they may also limit our ability to participate in the benefits of lower interest rates with respect to the investments in our portfolio with fixed interest rates. 

113 

Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 115 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 116 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 119 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 120 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 129 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 122 
 Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 125 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 208 

114 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 The management of Golub Capital BDC, Inc. GBDC, and collectively with its subsidiaries, the Company, we, us, our and Golub Capital BDC is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control system is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. 
 Golub Capital BDC s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions recorded necessary to permit the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Our policies and procedures also provide reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of Golub Capital BDC, and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness as to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of Golub Capital BDC s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued in 2013. Based on the assessment, management believes that, as of September 30, 2021, our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. Golub Capital BDC s independent registered public accounting firm that audited the financial statements has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021. This report appears on page 118 . 

115 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition of Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company), including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations, changes in its net assets, and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated November 29, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of investments owned as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, by correspondence with the trustees or the underlying investee or broker. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosures to which it relates. 
 116 

Valuation of investments using significant unobservable inputs and assumptions Description of the Matter At September 30, 2021, the fair value of the Company s investments categorized as Level 3 investments within the fair value hierarchy (Level 3 investments) totaled 4,894,378 thousand. Management determines the fair value of the Company s Level 3 investments by applying the methodologies outlined in Notes 2 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements and using significant unobservable inputs and assumptions. Determining the fair value of the Level 3 investments requires management to make judgments about the valuation methodologies (i.e., market approach or income approach) and significant unobservable inputs and assumptions including, among others, EBITDA multiples, revenue multiples, and market interest rates for similar loans with similar credit profiles, used in determining the fair value measurements. Auditing the fair value of the Company s Level 3 investments was complex, as the unobservable inputs and assumptions used by the Company are highly judgmental, are sensitive to economic dislocations, and could have a significant effect on the fair value measurements of such investments. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s investment valuation process. This included controls over management s assessment of the valuation methodologies and significant unobservable inputs and assumptions used in determining the fair value measurements of the Level 3 investments. Our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the Company s valuation methodologies, testing the significant unobservable inputs and assumptions used by the Company in determining the fair value of the Company s Level 3 investments, and testing the mathematical accuracy of the Company s valuation calculations. For each Level 3 investment, we reviewed the information considered by the Board of Directors relating to the Company s determination of fair value. For a sample of the Company s Level 3 investments, with the involvement of our valuation specialists, we independently developed fair value estimates and compared them to the Company s estimates. We developed our independent fair value estimates by using borrower financial information, which we compared to agreements or underlying source documents provided to the Company by the borrowers, and available market information from third-party sources, such as market spreads, market multiples, and leverage. In developing our independent fair value estimates, we considered the impact of current economic conditions on trends in borrower financial information and the resulting fair value estimates. We also evaluated subsequent events and other available information and considered whether they corroborated or contradicted the Company s year-end valuations. 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 
 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 November 29, 2021 
 
 117 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated statements of financial condition, including the consolidated schedules of investments, of the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, and the related notes and our report dated November 29, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 November 29, 2021 
 118 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

 September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 Assets Investments, at fair value Non-controlled non-affiliate company investments 4,815,270 4,177,474 Non-controlled affiliate company investments 61,379 42,000 Controlled affiliate company investments 18,237 18,736 Total investments, at fair value (amortized cost of 4,895,397 and 4,398,900, respectively) 4,894,886 4,238,210 Cash and cash equivalents 175,593 24,569 Foreign currencies (cost of 5,145 and 567, respectively) 5,497 567 Restricted cash and cash equivalents 
 61,824 157,566 Restricted foreign currencies (cost of 1,442 and 1,727, respectively) 1,429 1,728 Cash collateral held at broker for forward currency contracts 6,960 3,320 Interest receivable 18,261 17,263 Receivable from investments sold 97 259 Unrealized appreciation on forward currency contracts 90 Other assets 278 802 Total Assets 5,164,915 4,444,284 Liabilities Debt 2,569,228 2,023,698 Less unamortized debt issuance costs 17,850 5,896 Debt less unamortized debt issuance costs 2,551,378 2,017,802 Unrealized depreciation on forward currency contracts 1,064 Interest payable 12,516 7,875 Management and incentive fees payable 12,247 17,347 Accounts payable and other liabilities 5,788 4,003 Payable for investments purchased 294 Total Liabilities 2,582,223 2,048,091 Commitments and Contingencies (Note 9) Net Assets Preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share, 1,000,000 shares authorized, zero shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 Common stock, par value 0.001 per share, 200,000,000 shares authorized, 170,028,584 and 167,259,511 shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, respectively 170 167 Paid in capital in excess of par 2,664,251 2,624,608 Distributable earnings (losses) 
 (81,729) (228,582) Total Net Assets 2,582,692 2,396,193 Total Liabilities and Total Net Assets 5,164,915 4,444,284 Number of common shares outstanding 170,028,584 167,259,511 Net asset value per common share 15.19 14.33 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 119 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

 Year ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Investment income From non-controlled non-affiliate company investments Interest income 295,421 292,507 168,689 Dividend income 1,720 291 349 Fee income 4,955 1,760 1,279 Total investment income from non-controlled non-affiliate company investments 302,096 294,558 170,317 From non-controlled affiliate company investments Interest income 5,029 2,576 751 Dividend income Fee income 12 11 Total investment income from non-controlled affiliate company investments 5,041 2,576 762 From controlled affiliate company investments Interest income (12) (86) Dividend income 1,905 1,219 Total investment income from controlled affiliate company investments (12) 1,819 1,219 Total investment income 307,125 298,953 172,298 Expenses Interest and other debt financing expenses 65,739 74,858 43,531 Base management fee 61,858 59,243 27,872 Incentive fee 3,214 13,831 8,902 Professional fees 3,992 4,727 2,636 Administrative service fee 7,227 6,037 2,682 General and administrative expenses 1,423 1,198 603 Total expenses 143,453 159,894 86,226 Base management fee waived (Note 3) (4,000) Net expenses 139,453 159,894 86,226 Net investment income 167,672 139,059 86,072 Net gain (loss) on investment transactions Net realized gain (loss) from Non-controlled non-affiliate company investments 17,245 (52) (4,616) Non-controlled affiliate company investments (3,921) (14,592) Controlled affiliate company investments (4,036) Foreign currency transactions (5,419) 20 174 Net realized gain (loss) on investment transactions 7,905 (18,660) (4,442) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) from Non-controlled non-affiliate company investments 145,131 (64,216) (100,297) Non-controlled affiliate company investments 15,543 (622) (1,210) Controlled affiliate company investments (499) 2,988 480 Translation of assets and liabilities in foreign currencies 3,917 (2,728) 685 Forward currency contracts 1,154 (949) 133 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investment transactions 165,246 (65,527) (100,209) Net gain (loss) on investment transactions 173,151 (84,187) (104,651) Provision for taxes on unrealized appreciation on investments (543) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 340,280 54,872 (18,579) Per Common Share Data Basic and diluted earnings (loss) per common share (Note 11) 2.03 0.37 (0.28) Dividends and distributions declared per common share 1.16 1.37 1.40 Basic and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding (Note 11) 167,994,042 148,913,560 65,488,591 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 120 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets 
 (In thousands, except share data) 

 Common Stock Paid in Capital in Excess of Par Distributable Earnings (Losses) Total Net Assets Shares Par Amount Balance at September 30, 2018 60,165,454 60 949,547 19,247 968,854 Issuance of common stock, net of offerings and underwriting costs 71,779,964 72 1,345,085 1,345,157 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations Net investment income 86,072 86,072 Net realized gain (loss) on investments and foreign currency transactions (4,442) (4,442) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments, foreign currency translation and forward currency contracts (100,209) (100,209) Distributions to stockholders Stock issued in connection with dividend reinvestment plan 712,782 1 12,046 12,047 Distributions from distributable earnings (84,625) (84,625) Tax reclassification of stockholders' equity in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 3,932 (3,932) Total increase (decrease) for the year ended September 30, 2019 72,492,746 73 1,361,063 (107,136) 1,254,000 Balance at September 30, 2019 132,658,200 133 2,310,610 (87,889) 2,222,854 Issuance of common stock, net of offering and underwriting costs 33,451,902 33 300,394 300,427 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations Net investment income 139,059 139,059 Net realized gain (loss) on investments and foreign currency transactions (18,660) (18,660) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments, foreign currency translation and forward currency contracts (65,527) (65,527) Distributions to stockholders Stock issued in connection with dividend reinvestment plan 1,149,409 1 20,229 20,230 Distributions from distributable earnings (195,565) (195,565) Distributions from return of capital (6,625) (6,625) Total increase (decrease) for the year ended September 30, 2020 34,601,311 34 313,998 (140,693) 173,339 Balance at September 30, 2020 167,259,511 167 2,624,608 (228,582) 2,396,193 Net increase in net assets resulting from operations Net investment income 167,672 167,672 Net realized gain (loss) on investments and foreign currency transactions 7,905 7,905 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments, foreign currency translation and forward currency contracts 165,246 165,246 Provision for taxes on unrealized appreciation on investments (543) (543) Distributions to stockholders Stock issued in connection with dividend reinvestment plan 2,769,073 3 41,068 41,071 Distributions from distributable earnings (194,852) (194,852) Tax reclassification of stockholders' equity in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (1,425) 1,425 Total increase for the year ended September 30, 2021 2,769,073 3 39,643 146,853 186,499 Balance at September 30, 2021 170,028,584 170 2,664,251 (81,729) 2,582,692 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 121 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 

 Year ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Cash flows from operating activities Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 340,280 54,872 (18,579) Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Amortization of deferred debt issuance costs 10,203 3,534 2,096 Accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums on investments 9,394 23,483 (7,191) Accretion of discounts on issued debt securities 2,129 1,355 Net realized (gain) loss on investments (13,324) 18,680 4,616 Net realized (gain) loss on foreign currency transactions 5,419 (20) (174) Net change in unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on investments (160,175) 61,850 101,027 Net change in unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on translation of assets and liabilities in foreign currencies (3,917) 2,728 (685) Net change in unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on forward currency contracts (1,154) 949 (133) Proceeds from (fundings of) revolving loans, net 12,170 (9,205) (2,578) Fundings of investments (2,082,127) (643,182) (597,601) Proceeds from principal payments and sales of portfolio investments 1,593,478 706,044 366,957 PIK interest (16,092) (10,956) (2,951) Cash acquired in Merger 27,153 Purchase of SLF and GCIC SLF minority interests, net of cash acquired (Note 1) (1) 
 4,944 Changes in operating assets and liabilities Interest receivable (998) (3) 13,770 Cash collateral held at broker for forward currency contracts (3,640) (2,720) Receivable from investments sold 162 (259) Other assets 524 (450) (1,427) Interest payable 4,641 (5,761) 1,762 Management and incentive fees payable (5,100) 4,463 (4,787) Payable for investments purchased 294 Accounts payable and other liabilities 1,785 (22,455) 292 Accrued trustee fees (207) (29) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities (306,048) 187,684 (118,462) Cash flows from financing activities Borrowings on debt 3,358,842 1,053,567 1,358,608 Repayments of debt (2,816,054) (1,255,103) (1,122,398) Capitalized debt issuance costs (22,157) (4,491) (4,101) Proceeds from other short-term borrowings 64,769 25,325 Repayments on other short-term borrowings (65,017) (24,972) Net proceeds from issuance of common stock (Note 12) 300,427 Distributions paid (2) 
 (139,122) (136,426) (75,302) Purchases of common stock under dividend reinvestment plan (14,659) (45,534) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 366,850 (87,808) 157,160 Net change in cash and cash equivalents, foreign currencies, restricted cash and cash equivalents and restricted foreign currencies 60,802 99,876 38,698 Effect of foreign currency exchange rates (889) 346 (195) Cash and cash equivalents, foreign currencies, restricted cash and cash equivalents and restricted foreign currencies, beginning of period 184,430 84,208 45,705 Cash and cash equivalents, foreign currencies, restricted cash and cash equivalents and restricted foreign currencies, end of period 244,343 184,430 84,208 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 122 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - (continued) 
 (In thousands) 

Year ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information Cash paid during the period for interest 48,766 74,933 39,653 Income tax paid during the period Distributions declared during the period 194,852 202,190 84,625 Supplemental disclosure of non-cash operating and financing activities Stock issued in connection with dividend reinvestment plan 41,071 20,230 12,047 Noncash assets acquired in consolidation of SLF and GCIC SLF (Note 1) 185,101 Noncash liabilities assumed in consolidation of SLF and GCIC SLF (Note 1) (85,236) Dissolution of existing SLF and GCIC SLF LLC equity interests (119,077) Proceeds from issuance of Class A-2-R GCIC 2018 Notes 38,500 Redemptions of Class A-2 GCIC 2018 Notes (38,500) Acquisition of subsidiaries (2) 
 Noncash assets acquired Investments, at cost 2,372,370 Cash collateral held at broker for forward currency contracts 600 Interest receivable 23,896 Other assets 158 Total noncash assets purchased 2,397,024 Liabilities assumed Debt 1,043,200 Interest payable 7,483 Unrealized depreciation on forward currency contracts 248 Distributions payable 2,722 Accounts payable and other liabilities 22,254 Accrued trustee fees 162 Total liabilities assumed 1,076,069 Issuance of common stock 1,345,157 Merger costs capitalized into purchase price 2,950 
 (1) Represents 17,011 paid in cash to RGA and Aurora (as defined in Note 1), net of cash acquired due to the consolidation of SLF and GCIC SLF of 21,955. 
 (2) Includes payment of 2,722 distribution payable to GCIC shareholders that was assumed in the Merger (defined in Note 1). Also includes payment of 2 to GCIC shareholders in lieu of fractional shares of our common stock as a result of the Merger. 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 123 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - (continued) 
 (In thousands) 

The following table provides a reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents, foreign currencies, restricted cash and cash equivalents and restricted foreign currencies reported within the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition that sum to the total of the same such amounts in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows As of September 30, 2021 2020 Cash and cash equivalents 175,593 24,569 Foreign currencies (cost of 5,145 and 567, respectively) 5,497 567 Restricted cash and cash equivalents 61,824 157,566 Restricted foreign currencies (cost of 1,442 and 1,727, respectively) 1,429 1,728 Total cash and cash equivalents, foreign currencies, restricted cash and cash equivalents and restricted foreign currencies shown in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 244,343 184,430 
 See Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Updates for a description of cash and cash equivalents, foreign currencies, restricted cash and cash equivalents and restricted foreign currencies. 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 124 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Investments Non-controlled non-affiliate company investments Debt investments Aerospace and Defense NTS Technical Systems #+ Senior loan L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 06 2023 40,173 39,983 1.6 40,173 NTS Technical Systems Second lien L + 9.75 (c) 10.75 12 2023 4,589 4,524 0.2 4,589 NTS Technical Systems+ Senior loan L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 06 2023 1,247 1,195 1,247 NTS Technical Systems+(5) Senior loan L + 5.50 N A(6) 06 2023 (26) Tronair Parent, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 6.25 (c)(e) 6.75 cash 0.50 PIK 09 2023 680 676 606 Tronair Parent, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 6.25 (c) 6.75 cash 0.50 PIK 06 2023 20 17 4 Whitcraft LLC #+ One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 04 2023 63,253 63,492 2.4 61,355 Whitcraft LLC+(5) One stop L + 6.00 N A(6) 04 2023 (1) (9) 109,962 109,860 4.2 107,965 Airlines Aurora Lux Finco S.A.R.L.+(8)(13) One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 12 2026 985 967 936 Auto Components Covercraft Parent III, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 08 2027 4,927 4,878 0.2 4,877 Covercraft Parent III, Inc.+(5) Senior loan L + 4.50 N A(6) 08 2027 (1) (1) Covercraft Parent III, Inc.+(5) Senior loan L + 4.50 N A(6) 08 2027 (18) (18) North Haven Falcon Buyer, LLC One stop L + 6.00 (a) 7.00 05 2027 6,160 6,045 0.2 6,160 North Haven Falcon Buyer, LLC+(5) One stop L + 6.00 N A(6) 05 2027 (19) Polk Acquisition Corp. #+ Senior loan L + 6.00 (a) 7.00 12 2023 18,106 17,991 0.7 18,106 Polk Acquisition Corp.+ Senior loan L + 6.00 (a) 7.00 12 2023 181 182 181 Polk Acquisition Corp.+ Senior loan L + 6.00 (a) 7.00 12 2023 107 106 107 Power Stop, LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (a) 4.58 10 2025 2,813 2,856 0.1 2,813 32,294 32,020 1.2 32,225 Automobiles CG Group Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 07 2027 31,463 31,159 1.2 31,148 CG Group Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 5.25 (a)(c) 6.25 07 2026 168 164 164 JHCC Holdings LLC One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 09 2025 15,472 15,253 0.6 15,318 JHCC Holdings LLC+ One stop P + 4.50 (f) 7.75 08 2027 501 496 496 JHCC Holdings LLC+ One stop L + 5.50 (c)(f) 6.89 09 2025 298 296 295 JHCC Holdings LLC+ One stop P + 4.50 (f) 7.53 09 2025 7 6 6 JHCC Holdings LLC+(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 08 2027 (33) (33) MOP GM Holding, LLC #+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 11 2026 24,221 23,961 1.0 23,980 MOP GM Holding, LLC+ One stop L + 5.75 (d) 6.75 11 2026 2,604 2,576 0.1 2,578 MOP GM Holding, LLC+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 11 2026 1,930 1,909 0.1 1,910 MOP GM Holding, LLC+(5) One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 11 2026 (2) (2) MOP GM Holding, LLC+(5) One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 11 2026 (76) (64) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 125 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Automobiles - (continued) Quick Quack Car Wash Holdings, LLC # One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 10 2024 12,950 12,963 0.5 12,950 Quick Quack Car Wash Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 5.50 (b)(c) 6.50 10 2024 3,953 3,888 0.2 3,953 Quick Quack Car Wash Holdings, LLC#+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 10 2024 2,337 2,318 0.1 2,337 Quick Quack Car Wash Holdings, LLC + One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 10 2024 2,042 2,072 0.1 2,042 Quick Quack Car Wash Holdings, LLC + One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 10 2024 1,364 1,386 0.1 1,364 Quick Quack Car Wash Holdings, LLC + One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 10 2024 1,111 1,141 1,111 Quick Quack Car Wash Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 10 2024 TWAS Holdings, LLC + One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 12 2026 30,878 30,539 1.2 30,878 TWAS Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 12 2026 8,014 7,928 0.3 8,014 TWAS Holdings, LLC+(5) One stop L + 6.00 N A(6) 12 2026 (4) 139,313 137,940 5.5 138,445 Beverages Fintech Midco, LLC # One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.50 08 2024 24,163 24,389 0.9 23,921 Fintech Midco, LLC+ One stop L + 5.75 (b) 6.50 08 2024 15,337 15,188 0.6 15,184 Fintech Midco, LLC#+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.50 08 2024 1,119 1,146 1,108 Fintech Midco, LLC+(5) One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 08 2024 (1) (2) Watermill Express, LLC+ One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 04 2027 2,267 2,246 0.1 2,267 Watermill Express, LLC+ One stop L + 5.25 N A(6) 04 2027 Watermill Express, LLC+(5) One stop L + 5.25 N A(6) 04 2027 (1) Winebow Holdings, Inc. One stop L + 6.25 (a) 7.25 07 2025 7,878 7,773 0.3 7,878 50,764 50,740 1.9 50,356 Biotechnology BIO18 Borrower, LLC#+ One stop L + 4.75 (a)(c) 5.75 11 2024 10,962 10,990 0.4 10,880 BIO18 Borrower, LLC+ One stop L + 4.75 (a) 5.75 11 2024 7,948 7,891 0.3 7,888 BIO18 Borrower, LLC #+ One stop L + 4.75 (a) 5.75 11 2024 3,922 3,898 0.2 3,894 BIO18 Borrower, LLC+(5) One stop L + 4.75 N A(6) 11 2024 (1) (2) 22,832 22,778 0.9 22,660 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 126 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Building Products Jensen Hughes, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c)(f) 5.50 03 2024 4,149 4,150 0.2 4,107 Jensen Hughes, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (b)(c)(f) 5.50 03 2024 1,403 1,426 0.1 1,389 Jensen Hughes, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c)(f) 5.50 03 2024 904 914 895 Jensen Hughes, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c)(f) 5.50 03 2024 852 844 844 Jensen Hughes, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c)(f) 5.50 03 2024 434 444 430 Jensen Hughes, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c)(f) 5.50 03 2024 277 279 274 Jensen Hughes, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c)(f) 5.50 03 2024 216 216 214 Jensen Hughes, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c)(f) 5.50 03 2024 115 115 114 Jensen Hughes, Inc.+(5) Senior loan L + 4.50 N A(6) 03 2024 (14) (15) 8,350 8,374 0.3 8,252 Chemicals Inhance Technologies Holdings LLC#+ One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 07 2024 12,573 12,663 0.5 12,573 Inhance Technologies Holdings LLC+ One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 07 2024 1,910 1,901 0.1 1,910 Inhance Technologies Holdings LLC+ One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 07 2024 96 95 96 PHM NL SP Bidco B.V.(8)(9)(14) One stop E + 6.25 (g) 6.25 10 2028 36,686 36,182 1.4 36,182 PHM NL SP Bidco B.V.+(8)(14) One stop L + 6.25 (d) 6.75 10 2028 13,766 13,576 0.5 13,576 PHM NL SP Bidco B.V.(5)(8)(9)(14) One stop E + 6.25 N A(6) 10 2028 (178) (178) 65,031 64,239 2.5 64,159 Commercial Services & Supplies EGD Security Systems, LLC #+ One stop L + 5.65 (c) 6.65 06 2023 30,092 30,317 1.2 30,092 EGD Security Systems, LLC+ One stop L + 5.65 (c) 6.65 06 2023 1,687 1,676 0.1 1,687 EGD Security Systems, LLC + One stop L + 5.65 (c) 6.65 06 2023 1,258 1,257 1,258 EGD Security Systems, LLC+ One stop L + 5.65 (c) 6.65 06 2023 843 838 843 EGD Security Systems, LLC+ One stop L + 5.65 (c) 6.65 06 2023 767 762 767 EGD Security Systems, LLC#+ One stop L + 5.65 (c) 6.65 06 2023 644 656 644 EGD Security Systems, LLC#+ One stop L + 5.65 (c) 6.65 06 2023 575 573 575 EGD Security Systems, LLC+ One stop L + 5.65 (c) 6.65 06 2023 537 533 537 EGD Security Systems, LLC+ One stop L + 5.65 (c) 6.65 06 2023 200 199 200 Hydraulic Authority III Limited+ (8)(9)(10) One stop L + 5.75 (i) 6.75 11 2025 11,024 11,191 0.5 11,795 Hydraulic Authority III Limited+(8)(9)(10) One stop N A 11.00 PIK 11 2028 222 225 236 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 127 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Commercial Services & Supplies - (continued) Hydraulic Authority III Limited+(8)(9)(10) One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 11 2025 North Haven Stack Buyer, LLC One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 07 2027 8,855 8,684 0.4 8,767 North Haven Stack Buyer, LLC+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 07 2027 262 197 195 North Haven Stack Buyer, LLC+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 07 2027 11 10 10 PT Intermediate Holdings III, LLC+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 10 2025 29,746 29,432 1.2 29,746 PT Intermediate Holdings III, LLC+(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 10 2025 (3) Radwell International, LLC+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.25 07 2027 3,919 3,905 0.2 3,905 Radwell International, LLC+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.25 07 2027 268 268 268 Radwell International, LLC+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.25 07 2027 128 128 128 Trinity Air Consultants Holdings Corporation+ One stop L + 5.25 (a) 6.00 06 2027 2,458 2,411 0.1 2,458 Trinity Air Consultants Holdings Corporation+ One stop L + 5.25 N A(6) 06 2027 Trinity Air Consultants Holdings Corporation+(5) One stop L + 5.25 N A(6) 06 2027 (1) WRE Holding Corp. # Senior loan L + 5.50 (b)(c) 6.50 01 2023 2,252 2,273 0.1 2,252 WRE Holding Corp.+ Senior loan L + 5.50 (b)(c) 6.50 01 2023 930 946 930 WRE Holding Corp.+ Senior loan L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 01 2023 682 681 682 WRE Holding Corp.+ Senior loan L + 5.50 (b)(c) 6.50 01 2023 404 404 404 WRE Holding Corp.+ Senior loan L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 01 2023 129 134 129 WRE Holding Corp.+ Senior loan L + 5.50 (a)(c)(f) 6.50 01 2023 24 24 24 WRE Holding Corp.+ Senior loan L + 5.50 (b)(c) 6.50 01 2023 23 23 23 97,940 97,743 3.8 98,555 Communications Equipment Lightning Finco Limited+(8)(10) One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.50 09 2028 10,349 10,145 0.4 10,142 Lightning Finco Limited(8)(9)(10) One stop E + 5.75 (g) 6.50 09 2028 1,262 1,237 1,205 11,611 11,382 0.4 11,347 Construction & Engineering Reladyne, Inc. #+ Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 07 2024 32,522 32,513 1.3 32,522 Reladyne, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 07 2024 3,447 3,461 0.1 3,447 Reladyne, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 07 2024 3,369 3,341 0.1 3,369 Reladyne, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 07 2024 2,729 2,740 0.1 2,729 Reladyne, Inc. #+ Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 07 2024 1,866 1,874 0.1 1,866 Reladyne, Inc.#+ Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 07 2024 1,609 1,615 0.1 1,609 Reladyne, Inc.#+ Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 07 2024 1,529 1,543 0.1 1,529 Reladyne, Inc.#+ Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 07 2024 733 736 733 Reladyne, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 07 2024 207 205 207 48,011 48,028 1.9 48,011 Containers and Packaging AmerCareRoyal LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.00 (a) 6.00 11 2025 813 808 813 AmerCareRoyal LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.00 (a) 6.00 11 2025 168 166 168 AmerCareRoyal LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.00 (a) 6.00 11 2025 163 161 163 AmerCareRoyal LLC+(8) Senior loan L + 5.00 (a) 6.00 11 2025 151 150 151 Fortis Solutions Group LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 12 2023 4,049 3,983 0.2 4,049 Fortis Solutions Group LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 12 2023 2,406 2,366 0.1 2,406 Fortis Solutions Group LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 12 2023 1,570 1,558 0.1 1,570 Fortis Solutions Group LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 12 2023 624 619 624 Fortis Solutions Group LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 12 2023 601 596 601 Fortis Solutions Group LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.50 N A(6) 12 2023 10,545 10,407 0.4 10,545 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 128 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Distributors PetroChoice Holdings, Inc.#+ Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 08 2022 3,241 3,245 0.1 3,147 WSC Holdings Midco LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 07 2027 2,991 2,962 0.1 2,961 WSC Holdings Midco LLC+(5) Senior loan L + 4.50 N A(6) 07 2027 (1) (1) WSC Holdings Midco LLC+(5) Senior loan L + 4.50 N A(6) 07 2027 (17) (18) 6,232 6,189 0.2 6,089 Diversified Consumer Services Certus Pest, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 02 2026 1,609 1,576 0.1 1,609 Certus Pest, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 02 2026 1,527 1,475 0.1 1,527 Certus Pest, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 02 2026 1,080 1,070 1,080 Certus Pest, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 02 2026 760 744 760 Certus Pest, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 02 2026 672 633 672 Certus Pest, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.25 (c) 5.37 02 2026 386 376 386 Certus Pest, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 02 2026 242 224 242 Certus Pest, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 02 2026 132 98 132 Certus Pest, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.25 N A(6) 02 2026 Certus Pest, Inc.+(5) One stop L + 5.25 N A(6) 02 2026 (6) Certus Pest, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.25 N A(6) 02 2026 CHHJ Franchising, LLC# Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 01 2026 2,751 2,727 0.1 2,751 CHHJ Franchising, LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 01 2026 5 4 5 COP Hometown Acquisitions, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 07 2027 1,721 1,705 0.1 1,704 COP Hometown Acquisitions, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 07 2027 1,677 1,652 0.1 1,652 COP Hometown Acquisitions, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 07 2027 596 585 579 COP Hometown Acquisitions, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 4.50 N A(6) 07 2027 COP Hometown Acquisitions, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 4.50 N A(6) 07 2027 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 129 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Diversified Consumer Services - (continued) EWC Growth Partners LLC One stop L + 7.50 (c) 6.50 cash 2.00 PIK 03 2026 922 908 875 EWC Growth Partners LLC+ One stop L + 7.50 (c) 6.50 cash 2.00 PIK 03 2026 30 29 29 EWC Growth Partners LLC+ One stop L + 7.50 (c) 6.50 cash 2.00 PIK 03 2026 18 18 17 Excelligence Learning Corporation#+ One stop L + 6.50 (c) 5.50 cash 2.00 PIK 04 2023 10,766 10,612 0.4 10,335 Flores & Associates, LLC One stop L + 4.75 (c) 5.75 04 2027 3,778 3,699 0.2 3,778 Flores & Associates, LLC+ One stop L + 4.75 (b)(c) 5.75 04 2027 843 833 843 Flores & Associates, LLC+ One stop L + 4.75 (c) 5.75 04 2027 777 768 777 Flores & Associates, LLC+(5) One stop L + 4.75 N A(6) 04 2027 (1) FSS Buyer LLC+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.50 08 2028 5,547 5,437 0.2 5,436 FSS Buyer LLC+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.50 08 2027 17 16 16 Learn-it Systems, LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 03 2025 2,523 2,557 0.1 2,518 Learn-it Systems, LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 03 2025 1,357 1,354 0.1 1,355 Learn-it Systems, LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (b) 5.50 03 2025 8 9 8 Learn-it Systems, LLC+(5) Senior loan L + 4.75 N A(6) 03 2025 (12) 8 Liminex, Inc. One stop L + 7.25 (c) 8.25 11 2026 25,462 25,049 1.0 25,462 Liminex, Inc.+ One stop L + 7.25 (c) 8.25 11 2026 800 792 800 Liminex, Inc.+(5) One stop L + 7.25 N A(6) 11 2026 (1) Litera Bidco LLC+ One stop L + 6.00 (a) 7.00 05 2026 4,629 4,577 0.2 4,653 Litera Bidco LLC+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 05 2026 3,711 3,729 0.1 3,694 Litera Bidco LLC+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 05 2026 696 716 693 Litera Bidco LLC+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 05 2026 696 717 693 Litera Bidco LLC+ One stop L + 6.00 (a) 7.00 05 2026 145 140 148 Litera Bidco LLC+ One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 05 2025 PADI Holdco, Inc. # One stop L + 7.25 (d) 6.75 cash 1.50 PIK 04 2024 21,666 21,774 0.8 19,499 PADI Holdco, Inc.+ (8)(9) One stop E + 7.25 (g) 5.75 cash 1.50 PIK 04 2024 20,757 20,973 0.8 18,759 PADI Holdco, Inc. One stop L + 7.25 (c) 6.75 cash 1.50 PIK 04 2024 812 807 731 PADI Holdco, Inc.+ One stop L + 7.25 (c) 6.75 cash 1.50 PIK 04 2024 168 167 151 PADI Holdco, Inc.+ One stop L + 7.25 (c) 6.75 cash 1.50 PIK 04 2023 108 108 89 Provenance Buyer LLC+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.25 06 2027 18,464 18,109 0.7 18,464 Provenance Buyer LLC+(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 06 2027 (2) Provenance Buyer LLC+(5) Senior loan L + 5.50 N A(6) 06 2027 (3) 137,858 136,742 5.1 132,930 Diversified Financial Services AxiomSL Group, Inc.+ One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 12 2027 4,056 3,978 0.2 3,975 AxiomSL Group, Inc.+ One stop L + 6.00 N A(6) 12 2027 AxiomSL Group, Inc.+ One stop L + 6.00 N A(6) 12 2025 Banker's Toolbox, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.25 07 2027 8,098 8,002 0.3 8,098 Banker's Toolbox, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 07 2027 Banker's Toolbox, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 07 2027 Higginbotham Insurance Agency, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.50 (a) 6.25 11 2026 3,596 3,550 0.1 3,596 Higginbotham Insurance Agency, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.50 (a) 6.25 11 2026 828 815 828 16,578 16,345 0.6 16,497 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 130 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Diversified Telecommunication Services NTI Connect, LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 12 2024 1,645 1,616 0.1 1,645 Electronic Equipment, Instruments & Components CST Buyer Company#+ One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 10 2025 20,425 20,216 0.8 20,425 CST Buyer Company#+ One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 10 2025 10,189 10,100 0.4 10,189 CST Buyer Company+ One stop L + 6.00 N A(6) 10 2025 ES Acquisition LLC+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.25 11 2025 76,750 76,374 3.0 76,366 ES Acquisition LLC Senior loan L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 11 2025 655 646 652 ES Acquisition LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 11 2025 138 138 138 ES Acquisition LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 11 2025 95 95 94 ES Acquisition LLC Senior loan L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 11 2025 89 86 88 ES Acquisition LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 11 2025 84 82 82 ES Acquisition LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 11 2025 46 46 46 ES Acquisition LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 11 2025 42 41 41 ES Acquisition LLC+ Second lien L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 11 2025 35 35 35 ES Acquisition LLC+ One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 11 2025 Watchfire Enterprises, Inc.+ Second lien L + 8.25 (c) 9.25 10 2024 9,435 9,382 0.3 9,435 Watchfire Enterprises, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 07 2024 2,192 2,173 0.1 2,192 120,175 119,414 4.6 119,783 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 131 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Food & Staples Retailing Cafe Rio Holding, Inc. # One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 09 2023 18,418 18,549 0.7 18,418 Cafe Rio Holding, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 09 2023 3,311 3,309 0.1 3,311 Cafe Rio Holding, Inc.#+ One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 09 2023 2,225 2,272 0.1 2,225 Cafe Rio Holding, Inc. # One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 09 2023 1,412 1,443 0.1 1,412 Cafe Rio Holding, Inc.#+ One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 09 2023 1,247 1,274 1,247 Cafe Rio Holding, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 09 2023 179 179 179 Cafe Rio Holding, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.25 N A(6) 09 2023 Captain D's, LLC# Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 12 2023 13,688 13,718 0.6 13,688 Captain D's, LLC Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 12 2023 2,149 2,124 0.1 2,149 Captain D's, LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.50 N A(6) 12 2023 Feeders Supply Company, LLC#+ One stop L + 5.00 (a) 6.00 04 2023 8,844 8,791 0.4 8,844 Feeders Supply Company, LLC+ Subordinated debt N A 12.50 cash 7.00 PIK 10 2023 163 163 163 Feeders Supply Company, LLC+ One stop L + 5.00 N A(6) 04 2023 FWR Holding Corporation#+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.50 cash 0.25 PIK 08 2023 10,428 10,420 0.4 10,428 FWR Holding Corporation#+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.50 cash 0.25 PIK 08 2023 1,824 1,862 0.1 1,824 FWR Holding Corporation#+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.50 cash 0.25 PIK 08 2023 1,153 1,177 1,153 FWR Holding Corporation#+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.50 cash 0.25 PIK 08 2023 365 372 365 FWR Holding Corporation+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.50 cash 0.25 PIK 08 2023 275 275 275 FWR Holding Corporation#+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.50 cash 0.25 PIK 08 2023 273 278 273 FWR Holding Corporation+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.50 cash 0.25 PIK 08 2023 132 131 132 FWR Holding Corporation+ One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 08 2023 FWR Holding Corporation+ One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 08 2023 Mendocino Farms, LLC+ One stop L + 8.50 (a) 2.00 cash 7.50 PIK 06 2023 877 892 877 Mendocino Farms, LLC+ One stop L + 8.50 (a) 2.00 cash 7.50 PIK 06 2023 690 701 690 Mendocino Farms, LLC+ One stop L + 8.50 (a) 2.00 cash 7.50 PIK 06 2023 677 675 677 Mendocino Farms, LLC+ One stop L + 8.50 (a) 2.00 cash 7.50 PIK 06 2023 332 331 332 Mendocino Farms, LLC+ One stop L + 8.50 (a) 2.00 cash 7.50 PIK 06 2023 332 331 332 Mendocino Farms, LLC+ One stop L + 8.50 (a) 2.00 cash 7.50 PIK 06 2023 164 164 164 Mendocino Farms, LLC+ One stop L + 8.50 (a) 2.00 cash 7.50 PIK 06 2023 100 99 100 Mendocino Farms, LLC+(5) One stop L + 7.50 N A(6) 06 2023 (1) Ruby Slipper Cafe LLC, The + One stop L + 7.50 (c) 8.50 01 2023 2,041 2,037 0.1 2,000 Ruby Slipper Cafe LLC, The+ One stop L + 7.50 (c) 8.50 01 2023 413 421 405 Ruby Slipper Cafe LLC, The+ One stop L + 7.50 (c) 8.50 01 2023 30 30 30 Wetzel's Pretzels, LLC #+ One stop L + 6.75 (c) 7.75 09 2023 16,278 16,067 0.7 16,278 Wetzel's Pretzels, LLC+ One stop L + 6.75 (c) 7.75 09 2023 Wood Fired Holding Corp. # One stop L + 7.25 (c) 7.25 cash 1.00 PIK 12 2023 14,225 14,307 0.6 14,225 Wood Fired Holding Corp.+ One stop L + 7.25 (c) 7.25 cash 1.00 PIK 12 2023 705 701 705 Wood Fired Holding Corp.+(5) One stop L + 6.25 N A(6) 12 2023 (1) Zenput Inc.+ One stop L + 9.00 (c) 7.00 cash 3.00 PIK 06 2026 1,098 1,093 1,123 Zenput Inc.+ One stop L + 9.00 (c) 7.00 cash 3.00 PIK 06 2026 10 10 10 104,058 104,194 4.0 104,034 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 132 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Food Products Borrower R365 Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 6.50 (c) 4.50 cash 3.00 PIK 06 2027 13,066 12,820 0.5 13,066 Borrower R365 Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 06 2027 43 41 43 Flavor Producers, LLC# Senior loan L + 5.75 (c) 5.75 cash 1.00 PIK 12 2023 5,005 4,933 0.2 4,906 Flavor Producers, LLC+(5) Senior loan L + 4.75 N A(6) 12 2022 (2) Kodiak Cakes, LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (a) 5.50 06 2027 12,369 12,101 0.5 12,378 Kodiak Cakes, LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (a) 5.50 06 2026 50 48 49 Louisiana Fish Fry Products, Ltd.+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 07 2027 9,876 9,780 0.4 9,777 Louisiana Fish Fry Products, Ltd.+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 07 2027 36 35 35 MAPF Holdings, Inc. #+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 12 2026 33,863 33,563 1.3 33,863 MAPF Holdings, Inc.+(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 12 2026 (39) MAPF Holdings, Inc.+(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 12 2026 (3) FCID Merger Sub, Inc. + One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 12 2026 15,654 15,458 0.6 15,654 FCID Merger Sub, Inc.+(5) One stop L + 6.00 N A(6) 12 2026 (1) FCID Merger Sub, Inc.+(5) One stop L + 6.00 N A(6) 12 2026 (29) Purfoods, LLC+ One stop N A 7.00 PIK 05 2026 79 83 79 Ultimate Baked Goods Midco LLC+ One stop L + 6.25 (a) 7.25 08 2027 6,722 6,656 0.2 6,654 Ultimate Baked Goods Midco LLC+(5) One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 08 2027 11 (23) 10 Whitebridge Pet Brands, LLC One stop L + 5.00 (a) 6.00 07 2027 15,256 14,960 0.6 15,103 Whitebridge Pet Brands, LLC+ One stop L + 5.00 (a) 6.00 07 2027 10 9 9 112,040 110,390 4.3 111,626 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 133 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Health Care Equipment & Supplies Aspen Medical Products, LLC# One stop L + 4.75 (c) 5.75 06 2025 4,115 4,170 0.2 4,115 Aspen Medical Products, LLC+ One stop L + 4.75 (c) 5.75 06 2025 263 261 263 Aspen Medical Products, LLC+ One stop L + 4.75 N A(6) 06 2025 Baduhenna Bidco Limited+(8)(10) One stop SF + 6.50 (o) 6.55 08 2028 5,415 5,342 0.2 5,341 Baduhenna Bidco Limited(8)(9)(10) One stop E + 6.50 (h) 6.50 08 2028 3,427 3,381 0.1 3,307 Baduhenna Bidco Limited+(8)(9)(10) One stop SN + 6.50 (n) 6.55 08 2028 983 934 941 Baduhenna Bidco Limited+(5)(8)(9)(10) One stop SN + 6.75 N A(6) 08 2028 (30) (30) Belmont Instrument, LLC#+ Senior loan L + 4.75 (c) 5.75 12 2023 5,203 5,173 0.2 5,203 Blades Buyer, Inc.#+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 08 2025 8,712 8,681 0.3 8,712 Blades Buyer, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 4.50 N A(6) 08 2025 Blades Buyer, Inc.+(5) Senior loan L + 4.50 N A(6) 08 2025 (17) Blue River Pet Care, LLC #+ One stop L + 5.00 (a) 5.08 07 2026 34,829 34,787 1.3 34,479 Blue River Pet Care, LLC+ One stop L + 5.00 (a)(c) 5.10 07 2026 3,195 3,142 0.1 3,164 Blue River Pet Care, LLC+ One stop L + 5.00 (c) 5.13 07 2026 451 320 315 Blue River Pet Care, LLC+(5) One stop L + 5.00 N A(6) 08 2025 (2) (4) CCSL Holdings, LLC + One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 12 2026 15,555 15,384 0.6 15,555 CCSL Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 12 2026 4,198 4,138 0.2 4,198 CCSL Holdings, LLC+ One stop P + 4.75 (f) 8.00 12 2026 10 8 10 CMI Parent Inc.#+ Senior loan L + 4.00 (c) 5.00 08 2025 6,566 6,669 0.3 6,501 CMI Parent Inc.+(5) Senior loan L + 4.00 N A(6) 08 2025 (2) (4) G & H Wire Company, Inc.#+ One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 09 2023 11,099 11,056 0.5 11,099 G & H Wire Company, Inc.+ One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 09 2022 Joerns Healthcare, LLC + One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 08 2024 1,984 1,939 0.1 1,746 Joerns Healthcare, LLC + One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 08 2024 1,908 1,876 0.1 1,679 Katena Holdings, Inc.#+ One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 06 2024 12,595 12,487 0.5 12,595 Katena Holdings, Inc.#+ One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 06 2024 1,230 1,220 1,230 Katena Holdings, Inc.+ One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 06 2024 985 977 985 Katena Holdings, Inc.+ One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 06 2024 920 912 920 Katena Holdings, Inc.#+ One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 06 2024 843 835 843 Katena Holdings, Inc.+ One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 06 2024 70 68 70 Lombart Brothers, Inc. #+ One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 04 2023 28,948 28,920 1.2 28,948 Lombart Brothers, Inc.#+(8) One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 04 2023 3,100 3,099 0.1 3,100 Lombart Brothers, Inc.+ One stop L + 6.25 (a) 7.25 04 2023 116 115 116 Lombart Brothers, Inc.+(8) One stop L + 6.25 (a) 7.25 04 2023 50 49 50 156,770 155,892 6.0 155,447 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 134 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Health Care Providers & Services Active Day, Inc.#+ One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 12 2021 23,143 23,194 0.8 20,828 Active Day, Inc.#+ One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 12 2021 1,786 1,790 0.1 1,607 Active Day, Inc. # One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 12 2021 1,151 1,153 1,036 Active Day, Inc.+ One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 12 2021 917 921 825 Active Day, Inc.+ One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 12 2021 809 809 728 Active Day, Inc. # One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 12 2021 796 796 716 Active Day, Inc.+(5) One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 12 2021 2 2 (18) Active Day, Inc.+ One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 12 2021 Acuity Eyecare Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 03 2025 6,275 6,087 0.2 6,275 Acuity Eyecare Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 03 2025 4,119 4,130 0.2 4,191 Acuity Eyecare Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 03 2025 3,669 3,634 0.1 3,734 Acuity Eyecare Holdings, LLC#+ One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 03 2025 3,504 3,561 0.2 3,567 Acuity Eyecare Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 03 2025 3,235 3,312 0.1 3,293 Acuity Eyecare Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 03 2025 1,888 1,959 0.1 1,921 Acuity Eyecare Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 03 2025 457 469 464 Acuity Eyecare Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 13.00 (c) 7.25 cash 6.75 PIK 03 2025 238 237 253 Acuity Eyecare Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 6.25 (c)(f) 7.29 03 2025 195 194 199 Acuity Eyecare Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 03 2025 168 167 171 Acuity Eyecare Holdings, LLC+ Senior loan L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 03 2025 111 110 113 Acuity Eyecare Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 13.00 (c) 7.25 cash 6.75 PIK 03 2025 91 90 96 Acuity Eyecare Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 03 2025 1 1 1 Advanced Pain Management Holdings, Inc.+(7) Senior loan P + 3.75 (f) 7.00 07 2021 11,412 6,855 197 Advanced Pain Management Holdings, Inc.+(7) Senior loan L + 8.50 (a) 9.75 07 2021 4,082 7 Advanced Pain Management Holdings, Inc.+(7) Senior loan P + 3.75 (f) 7.00 07 2021 781 469 13 Advanced Pain Management Holdings, Inc.+(7) Senior loan P + 3.75 (f) 7.00 07 2021 576 540 10 AVG Intermediate Holdings & AVG Subsidiary Holdings LLC+ One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 03 2027 3,976 3,922 0.2 3,976 AVG Intermediate Holdings & AVG Subsidiary Holdings LLC+ One stop L + 10.50 (c) 11.50 03 2028 1,680 1,658 0.1 1,680 AVG Intermediate Holdings & AVG Subsidiary Holdings LLC+ One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 03 2027 1,666 1,623 0.1 1,666 AVG Intermediate Holdings & AVG Subsidiary Holdings LLC+ One stop L + 10.50 (c) 11.50 03 2028 472 466 472 AVG Intermediate Holdings & AVG Subsidiary Holdings LLC+(5) One stop L + 6.00 N A(6) 03 2027 (2) CRH Healthcare Purchaser, Inc. Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 12 2024 19,502 19,498 0.7 19,306 CRH Healthcare Purchaser, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 12 2024 5,250 5,199 0.2 5,197 CRH Healthcare Purchaser, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 12 2024 4,153 4,133 0.2 4,112 CRH Healthcare Purchaser, Inc.+(5) Senior loan L + 4.50 N A(6) 12 2024 (2) (4) Datix Bidco Limited+(8)(9)(10) Senior loan L + 4.50 (i) 4.55 04 2025 60,764 59,559 2.3 58,750 Datix Bidco Limited+(8)(9)(10) Second lien L + 7.75 (i) 7.80 04 2026 21,561 21,133 0.8 20,847 Emerge Intermediate, Inc. # One stop L + 8.50 (c) 7.00 cash 2.50 PIK 05 2024 19,256 19,069 0.7 19,256 Emerge Intermediate, Inc.+(5) One stop L + 6.00 N A(6) 05 2024 (2) Encorevet Group LLC+ One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 11 2024 995 987 985 Encorevet Group LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 11 2024 247 245 244 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 135 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Health Care Providers & Services - (continued) Encorevet Group LLC+ One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 11 2024 164 163 163 Encorevet Group LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 11 2024 111 111 110 Encorevet Group LLC+ One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 11 2024 99 93 92 Encorevet Group LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 11 2024 69 69 68 Encorevet Group LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 11 2024 57 57 57 Encorevet Group LLC+ One stop L + 5.25 (b) 6.25 11 2024 32 32 32 Encorevet Group LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 11 2024 10 10 10 Encorevet Group LLC+(5) Senior loan L + 5.25 N A(6) 11 2024 (1) ERC Finance, LLC+ One stop L + 6.00 (a)(c) 7.00 04 2024 6,999 6,879 0.3 6,999 ERC Finance, LLC+ One stop L + 6.00 (a) 7.00 04 2024 7 6 7 ERC Finance, LLC+(5) One stop L + 6.00 N A(6) 04 2024 (3) Eyecare Services Partners Holdings LLC+ One stop L + 6.25 (c) 2.00 cash 5.25 PIK 05 2023 18,333 18,397 0.6 15,583 Eyecare Services Partners Holdings LLC + One stop L + 6.25 (c) 2.00 cash 5.25 PIK 05 2023 8,042 8,121 0.3 6,836 Eyecare Services Partners Holdings LLC # One stop L + 6.25 (c) 2.00 cash 5.25 PIK 05 2023 7,043 7,116 0.2 5,986 Eyecare Services Partners Holdings LLC+ One stop L + 6.25 (c) 2.00 cash 5.25 PIK 05 2023 5,183 5,197 0.2 4,406 Eyecare Services Partners Holdings LLC + One stop L + 6.25 (c) 2.00 cash 5.25 PIK 05 2023 2,405 2,430 0.1 2,044 Eyecare Services Partners Holdings LLC + One stop L + 6.25 (c) 2.00 cash 5.25 PIK 05 2023 1,543 1,559 0.1 1,312 Eyecare Services Partners Holdings LLC # One stop L + 6.25 (c) 2.00 cash 5.25 PIK 05 2023 1,141 1,152 970 Eyecare Services Partners Holdings LLC # One stop L + 6.25 (c) 2.00 cash 5.25 PIK 05 2023 1,006 1,016 854 Eyecare Services Partners Holdings LLC + One stop L + 6.25 (c) 2.00 cash 5.25 PIK 05 2023 649 654 552 Eyecare Services Partners Holdings LLC+ One stop L + 6.25 (c) 2.00 cash 5.25 PIK 05 2023 400 399 340 FYI Optical Acquisitions, Inc. & FYI USA, Inc. (8)(9)(12) One stop C + 4.50 (m) 5.50 03 2027 11,713 11,622 0.5 12,364 FYI Optical Acquisitions, Inc. & FYI USA, Inc.+(8)(9)(12) One stop C + 4.50 (m) 5.50 03 2027 187 185 196 FYI Optical Acquisitions, Inc. & FYI USA, Inc.+(8)(9)(12) One stop C + 4.50 (m) 5.50 03 2027 110 105 110 FYI Optical Acquisitions, Inc. & FYI USA, Inc.+(8)(12) One stop L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 03 2027 20 19 20 Klick Inc.+(8)(12) Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 03 2028 10,098 10,005 0.4 10,115 Klick Inc.+(5)(8)(12) Senior loan L + 4.50 N A(6) 03 2026 (1) (1) Krueger-Gilbert Health Physics, LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 05 2025 2,335 2,326 0.1 2,335 Krueger-Gilbert Health Physics, LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 05 2025 1,874 1,873 0.1 1,874 Krueger-Gilbert Health Physics, LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 05 2025 1,102 1,132 1,102 Krueger-Gilbert Health Physics, LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 05 2025 60 60 60 Krueger-Gilbert Health Physics, LLC+(5) Senior loan L + 5.25 N A(6) 05 2025 (20) MD Now Holdings, Inc.#+ One stop L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 08 2025 22,373 22,415 0.9 22,373 MD Now Holdings, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 08 2025 619 619 619 MD Now Holdings, Inc.+(5) One stop L + 5.00 N A(6) 08 2025 (1) MWD Management, LLC & MWD Services, Inc.#+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 06 2023 9,286 9,253 0.4 9,286 MWD Management, LLC & MWD Services, Inc.# One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 06 2023 4,471 4,514 0.2 4,471 MWD Management, LLC & MWD Services, Inc.+(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 06 2022 (1) New Look (Delaware) Corporation and NL1 AcquireCo, Inc.+(8)(9)(12) One stop C + 5.50 (m) 6.50 05 2028 20,435 20,144 0.8 19,553 New Look (Delaware) Corporation and NL1 AcquireCo, Inc.+(8)(9)(12) One stop C + 5.50 (m) 6.50 05 2028 1,111 1,075 1,094 New Look (Delaware) Corporation and NL1 AcquireCo, Inc.+(8)(12) One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 05 2028 501 460 506 New Look (Delaware) Corporation and NL1 AcquireCo, Inc.+(8)(12) One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 05 2026 41 40 41 New Look (Delaware) Corporation and NL1 AcquireCo, Inc.+(8)(9)(12) One stop C + 5.50 (m) 6.50 05 2026 20 17 18 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 136 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Health Care Providers & Services - (continued) NVA Holdings, Inc. Senior loan L + 3.50 (a) 3.63 02 2026 2,766 2,746 0.1 2,766 Oliver Street Dermatology Holdings, LLC+(7) One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2022 19,156 17,460 0.6 13,743 Oliver Street Dermatology Holdings, LLC+(7) One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2022 2,223 1,878 0.1 1,595 Oliver Street Dermatology Holdings, LLC+(7) One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2022 2,107 1,909 0.1 1,511 Oliver Street Dermatology Holdings, LLC+(7) One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2022 1,595 1,347 1,144 Oliver Street Dermatology Holdings, LLC+(7) One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2022 1,409 1,190 1,011 Oliver Street Dermatology Holdings, LLC+(7) One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2022 1,227 1,036 880 Oliver Street Dermatology Holdings, LLC+(7) One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2022 955 807 685 Oliver Street Dermatology Holdings, LLC+(7) One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2022 828 699 594 Oliver Street Dermatology Holdings, LLC+(7) One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2022 511 431 366 Oliver Street Dermatology Holdings, LLC+(7) One stop L + 6.25 (c)(f) 7.25 05 2022 291 265 209 Oliver Street Dermatology Holdings, LLC+(7) One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2022 97 88 69 Oliver Street Dermatology Holdings, LLC+(7) One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2022 88 80 63 Oliver Street Dermatology Holdings, LLC+(7) One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2022 69 63 49 Oliver Street Dermatology Holdings, LLC+(7) One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2022 63 58 45 Pinnacle Treatment Centers, Inc.#+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 1 1 2023 18,931 18,919 0.8 18,931 Pinnacle Treatment Centers, Inc. One stop L + 5.75 (a)(c) 6.75 1 1 2023 7,612 7,581 0.3 7,612 Pinnacle Treatment Centers, Inc.#+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 01 2023 1,555 1,555 0.1 1,555 Pinnacle Treatment Centers, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 01 2023 702 705 702 Pinnacle Treatment Centers, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 01 2023 186 186 186 Pinnacle Treatment Centers, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 01 2023 106 106 106 Pinnacle Treatment Centers, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 01 2023 37 37 37 Pinnacle Treatment Centers, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 01 2023 Pinnacle Treatment Centers, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 01 2023 PPT Management Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 8.00 (c) 7.00 cash 2.00 PIK 12 2022 25,353 24,648 0.9 23,324 PPT Management Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 8.00 (c) 7.00 cash 2.00 PIK 12 2022 308 301 283 PPT Management Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 8.00 (c) 7.00 cash 2.00 PIK 12 2022 182 178 168 PPT Management Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 8.00 (c) 7.00 cash 2.00 PIK 12 2022 90 79 82 PPT Management Holdings, LLC+(5) One stop L + 8.00 (c) 7.00 cash 2.00 PIK 12 2022 20 5 (14) Summit Behavioral Healthcare, LLC #+ Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 10 2023 29,343 29,128 1.2 29,343 Summit Behavioral Healthcare, LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 10 2023 901 879 901 Summit Behavioral Healthcare, LLC+(5) Senior loan L + 5.00 N A(6) 10 2023 (2) Suveto Buyer, LLC+ One stop L + 4.25 (c) 5.00 09 2027 4,335 4,069 0.2 4,067 Suveto Buyer, LLC+(5) One stop L + 4.25 N A(6) 9 1 2027 (2) (2) Veterinary Specialists of North America, LLC #+ Senior loan L + 4.00 (a) 4.08 04 2025 41,231 42,331 1.6 41,231 Veterinary Specialists of North America, LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.00 (a) 4.08 04 2025 11,724 11,720 0.5 11,724 Veterinary Specialists of North America, LLC#+ Senior loan L + 4.00 (a) 4.08 04 2025 2,843 2,828 0.1 2,843 Veterinary Specialists of North America, LLC + Senior loan L + 4.00 (a) 4.08 04 2025 1,431 1,470 0.1 1,431 Veterinary Specialists of North America, LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.00 (a) 4.08 04 2025 835 833 835 Water's Edge Management, LLC+ One stop L + 7.50 (c) 8.50 04 2026 9,033 8,827 0.3 9,033 Water's Edge Management, LLC+ One stop P + 6.50 (c)(f) 9.75 04 2026 11 9 11 538,731 523,719 19.3 498,382 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 137 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Health Care Technology Connexin Software, Inc.+ One stop L + 8.50 (a) 9.50 02 2024 7,550 7,597 0.3 7,550 Connexin Software, Inc.+ One stop L + 8.50 N A(6) 02 2024 ESO Solution, Inc.+ One stop L + 7.00 (c) 8.00 03 2027 6,681 6,621 0.3 6,681 ESO Solution, Inc.+(5) One stop L + 7.00 N A(6) 03 2027 (1) HealthEdge Software, Inc. One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 04 2026 2,000 1,966 0.1 2,000 HealthEdge Software, Inc.+ One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 04 2026 1,008 1,008 1,008 HealthEdge Software, Inc.+ One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 04 2026 225 223 225 HealthEdge Software, Inc.+ One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 04 2026 19 18 19 HSI Halo Acquisition, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 08 2026 6,250 6,218 0.2 6,250 HSI Halo Acquisition, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 08 2026 1,962 1,945 0.1 1,962 HSI Halo Acquisition, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 08 2026 1,075 1,051 1,075 HSI Halo Acquisition, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 08 2026 641 637 641 HSI Halo Acquisition, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 09 2025 13 12 13 Kareo, Inc.+ One stop L + 9.00 (a) 10.00 06 2022 10,273 10,322 0.4 10,375 Kareo, Inc. One stop L + 9.00 (a) 10.00 06 2022 1,506 1,473 0.1 1,521 Kareo, Inc.+ One stop L + 9.00 (a) 10.00 06 2022 941 947 951 Kareo, Inc.+ One stop L + 9.00 (a) 10.00 06 2022 753 758 761 Kareo, Inc.+ One stop L + 9.00 (a) 10.00 06 2022 80 81 80 Nextech Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 5.63 06 2025 3,971 4,025 0.2 3,971 Nextech Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 5.63 06 2025 1,937 1,925 0.1 1,937 Nextech Holdings, LLC+(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 06 2025 (3) Qgenda Intermediate Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 06 2025 15,122 15,122 0.6 15,122 Qgenda Intermediate Holdings, LLC# One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 06 2025 12,318 12,217 0.5 12,318 Qgenda Intermediate Holdings, LLC# One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 06 2025 983 983 983 Qgenda Intermediate Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 06 2025 100 100 100 Transaction Data Systems, Inc. #+ One stop L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 02 2026 67,135 66,127 2.6 67,135 Transaction Data Systems, Inc.+(5) One stop L + 4.50 N A(6) 02 2026 (4) 142,543 141,368 5.5 142,678 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 138 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Hotels, Restaurants & Leisure BJH Holdings III Corp. #+ One stop L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 08 2025 51,179 52,182 2.0 51,179 BJH Holdings III Corp.+ One stop L + 4.50 (b) 5.50 08 2025 60 55 60 CR Fitness Holdings, LLC# Senior loan L + 4.00 (a) 5.00 07 2025 1,979 1,988 0.1 1,979 CR Fitness Holdings, LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.00 (a) 5.00 07 2025 837 834 837 CR Fitness Holdings, LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.00 (a) 5.00 07 2025 74 74 74 Davidson Hotel Company, LLC+ One stop L + 6.75 (a)(c) 6.25 cash 1.50 PIK 07 2024 7,088 7,046 0.2 5,670 Davidson Hotel Company, LLC+ One stop L + 6.75 (a)(c) 6.25 cash 1.50 PIK 07 2024 1,089 1,086 871 Davidson Hotel Company, LLC+(5) One stop L + 5.25 N A(6) 07 2024 (20) EOS Fitness Opco Holdings, LLC # One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 01 2025 8,596 8,643 0.3 8,596 EOS Fitness Opco Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 01 2025 906 909 906 EOS Fitness Opco Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 01 2025 120 119 120 Freddy's Frozen Custard LLC One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 03 2027 9,257 9,174 0.4 9,257 Freddy's Frozen Custard LLC+(5) One stop L + 6.00 N A(6) 03 2027 (1) Harri US LLC+ One stop L + 10.00 (c) 7.00 cash 4.00 PIK 08 2026 772 666 709 Harri US LLC+ One stop L + 6.00 N A(6) 08 2026 Harri US LLC+(5) One stop L + 6.00 N A(6) 08 2026 (7) (43) Self Esteem Brands, LLC #+ Senior loan L + 4.25 (a) 5.25 02 2023 47,780 47,887 1.9 47,780 Self Esteem Brands, LLC+(5) Senior loan L + 4.25 N A(6) 02 2023 (2) SSRG Holdings, LLC One stop L + 4.75 (c) 5.75 11 2025 909 896 909 SSRG Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 4.75 (c) 5.75 11 2025 45 44 45 Sunshine Sub, LLC# One stop L + 4.75 (a) 5.75 05 2024 12,792 12,864 0.5 12,792 Sunshine Sub, LLC#+ One stop L + 4.75 (a) 5.75 05 2024 5,596 5,730 0.2 5,596 Sunshine Sub, LLC+(5) One stop L + 4.75 N A(6) 05 2024 (1) Tropical Smoothie Cafe Holdings, LLC # Senior loan L + 5.25 (a)(b)(c) 6.25 09 2026 14,745 14,606 0.6 14,745 Tropical Smoothie Cafe Holdings, LLC# Senior loan L + 5.25 (a)(c) 6.25 09 2026 6,510 6,450 0.3 6,510 Tropical Smoothie Cafe Holdings, LLC+(5) Senior loan L + 5.25 N A(6) 09 2026 (1) Velvet Taco Holdings, Inc. One stop L + 7.50 (c) 8.00 cash 0.50 PIK 03 2026 1,788 1,772 0.1 1,788 Velvet Taco Holdings, Inc.+ One stop L + 9.00 (c) 8.00 cash 2.00 PIK 03 2026 93 92 93 Velvet Taco Holdings, Inc.+ One stop L + 7.00 N A(6) 03 2026 172,215 173,105 6.6 170,453 Household Durables Groundworks LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.75 (c) 5.75 01 2026 4,662 4,602 0.2 4,662 Groundworks LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.75 (c) 5.75 01 2026 539 523 539 Groundworks LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.75 (c) 5.75 01 2026 83 82 83 Groundworks LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.75 N A(6) 01 2026 Groundworks LLC+(5) Senior loan L + 4.75 N A(6) 01 2026 (24) 5,284 5,183 0.2 5,284 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 139 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Household Products WU Holdco, Inc. #+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 03 2026 3,780 3,844 0.1 3,785 WU Holdco, Inc. + One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 03 2026 1,335 1,335 0.1 1,337 WU Holdco, Inc. + One stop L + 5.50 (c) 5.63 03 2025 20 20 18 WU Holdco, Inc. + One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 03 2026 5,135 5,199 0.2 5,140 Industrial Conglomerates Arch Global CCT Holdings Corp.#+ Senior loan L + 4.25 (c) 4.38 04 2026 2,379 2,438 0.1 2,381 Arch Global CCT Holdings Corp.+ Senior loan L + 4.25 N A(6) 04 2025 Arch Global CCT Holdings Corp.+ Senior loan L + 4.25 N A(6) 04 2026 Madison Safety & Flow LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.00 (a) 4.08 03 2025 468 468 468 Madison Safety & Flow LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.00 (a) 4.08 03 2025 3 3 3 Specialty Measurement Bidco Limited (8)(9)(10) One stop E + 6.00 (g) 7.00 11 2027 7,969 7,773 0.3 7,747 Specialty Measurement Bidco Limited (8)(10) One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 11 2027 7,961 7,768 0.3 7,961 Specialty Measurement Bidco Limited+(5)(8)(9)(10) One stop L + 6.00 N A(6) 11 2027 (47) 18,780 18,403 0.7 18,560 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 140 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Insurance Alera Group, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.50 (a) 6.25 10 2028 25,626 25,370 1.0 25,370 Alera Group, Inc.+(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 10 2028 (36) (73) AMBA Buyer, Inc. + One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.50 07 2027 3,221 3,189 0.1 3,188 AMBA Buyer, Inc. + One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 07 2027 AMBA Buyer, Inc. +(5) One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 07 2027 (5) (5) Captive Resources Midco, LLC #+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 05 2025 51,213 51,402 2.0 51,213 Captive Resources Midco, LLC# One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 05 2025 1,425 1,415 0.1 1,425 Captive Resources Midco, LLC+(5) One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 05 2025 (12) Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 08 2025 2,446 2,447 0.1 2,446 Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.75 (c)(d) 6.75 08 2025 1,532 1,513 0.1 1,545 Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 08 2025 781 778 781 Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 08 2025 472 471 472 Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.50 (c) 6.25 08 2025 443 421 431 Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 08 2025 247 245 247 Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.75 N A(6) 08 2025 J.S. Held Holdings, LLC#+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 07 2025 6,487 6,460 0.2 6,487 J.S. Held Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 07 2025 379 360 379 J.S. Held Holdings, LLC+(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 07 2025 (4) Long Term Care Group, Inc.+ One stop L + 6.00 (c) 6.75 09 2027 3,015 2,955 0.1 2,954 Majesco # One stop L + 7.25 (c) 8.25 09 2027 18,942 18,665 0.7 18,947 Majesco+(5) One stop L + 7.25 N A(6) 09 2026 (3) Norvax, LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.00 (d) 5.00 09 2025 33,116 32,962 1.3 33,116 Orchid Underwriters Agency, LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 4.63 12 2024 4,082 4,121 0.2 4,082 Orchid Underwriters Agency, LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 12 2024 497 496 497 Orchid Underwriters Agency, LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.50 N A(6) 12 2024 Pareto Health Intermediate Holdings, Inc. + One stop L + 5.75 (d) 6.75 08 2025 7,299 7,229 0.3 7,226 People Corporation (8)(9)(12) One stop C + 6.25 (m) 7.25 02 2028 14,876 14,639 0.6 15,169 People Corporation+(8)(9)(12) One stop C + 6.25 (m) 7.25 02 2028 4,090 4,046 0.2 4,091 People Corporation+(8)(9)(12) One stop C + 6.25 (m) 7.25 02 2027 35 32 33 People Corporation+(5)(8)(9)(12) One stop C + 5.50 N A(6) 02 2028 (67) (153) RSC Acquisition, Inc. #+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 10 2026 25,899 25,487 1.0 25,899 RSC Acquisition, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.50 (b)(c) 6.50 10 2026 3,281 3,055 0.1 3,281 RSC Acquisition, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 10 2026 175 63 175 RSC Acquisition, Inc.+(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 10 2026 (1) Sunstar Insurance Group, LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 10 2026 783 772 783 Sunstar Insurance Group, LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 10 2026 397 390 397 Sunstar Insurance Group, LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 10 2026 205 196 205 Sunstar Insurance Group, LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.75 N A(6) 10 2026 TigerRisk, LLC + One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 06 2027 22,892 22,675 0.9 22,892 TigerRisk, LLC+(5) One stop L + 5.25 N A(6) 06 2027 (1) 233,856 231,725 9.0 233,500 Internet & Catalog Retail AQ Holdco Inc. + One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 04 2027 15,164 15,024 0.6 15,164 AQ Holdco Inc. + One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 04 2027 8,875 8,793 0.3 8,875 AQ Holdco Inc. + One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 04 2027 4,401 4,360 0.2 4,401 AQ Holdco Inc. + One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 04 2027 2,651 2,627 0.1 2,651 AQ Holdco Inc. + One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 04 2027 36 34 36 AQ Holdco Inc. +(5) One stop L + 5.25 N A(6) 04 2027 (2) 31,127 30,836 1.2 31,127 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 141 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 IT Services Acquia, Inc.+ One stop L + 7.00 (c) 8.00 10 2025 9,578 9,488 0.4 9,483 Acquia, Inc.+ One stop L + 7.00 (c) 8.00 10 2025 4 4 4 Appriss Holdings, Inc. #+ One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 05 2026 24,780 25,247 1.0 24,780 Appriss Holdings, Inc.+ One stop P + 5.00 (f) 8.25 05 2025 100 96 100 Arctic Wolfs Networks, Inc. and Arctic Wolf Networks Canada, Inc.+ One stop L + 7.50 (c) 8.50 cash 1.00 PIK 08 2025 4,661 4,519 0.2 4,771 Arctic Wolfs Networks, Inc. and Arctic Wolf Networks Canada, Inc.+ One stop L + 6.50 N A(6) 08 2025 1 Arctic Wolfs Networks, Inc. and Arctic Wolf Networks Canada, Inc.+(5) One stop L + 6.50 N A(6) 08 2025 (11) Centrify Corporation+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 03 2028 16,749 16,518 0.6 16,756 Centrify Corporation+ One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 03 2028 9,682 9,547 0.4 9,687 Centrify Corporation+(5) One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 03 2027 (3) (1) CivicPlus, LLC+ One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.00 08 2027 6,174 6,113 0.2 6,112 CivicPlus, LLC+ One stop L + 6.25 N A(6) 08 2027 CivicPlus, LLC+(5) One stop L + 6.25 N A(6) 08 2027 (28) (29) Cordeagle US Finco, Inc.+ One stop L + 6.75 (c) 7.75 07 2027 3,347 3,282 0.1 3,280 Cordeagle US Finco, Inc.+(5) One stop L + 6.75 N A(6) 07 2027 (1) (1) Episerver, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 04 2026 21,713 21,410 0.8 21,689 Episerver, Inc.+ (8)(9) One stop E + 5.75 (g) 5.75 04 2026 20,332 20,558 0.8 20,951 Episerver, Inc.#+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 04 2026 12,062 12,175 0.5 12,048 Episerver, Inc.+(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 04 2026 (4) Gamma Technologies, LLC #+ One stop L + 4.75 (c) 5.75 06 2024 46,861 47,097 1.8 46,861 Gamma Technologies, LLC+ One stop L + 4.75 N A(6) 06 2024 Infinisource, Inc.+ One stop L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 10 2026 28,106 27,767 1.1 28,106 Infinisource, Inc. One stop L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 10 2026 2,047 2,008 0.1 2,047 Infinisource, Inc.+ One stop L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 10 2026 306 304 306 Infinisource, Inc.+ One stop L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 10 2026 118 117 118 Infinisource, Inc.+ One stop L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 10 2026 107 106 107 PCS Intermediate II Holdings, LLC One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 01 2026 14,347 14,243 0.6 14,347 PCS Intermediate II Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 01 2026 2,071 2,052 0.1 2,071 PCS Intermediate II Holdings, LLC+(5) One stop L + 5.25 N A(6) 01 2026 (1) Recordxtechnologies, LLC# One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 12 2025 736 729 721 Recordxtechnologies, LLC+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 12 2025 115 114 113 Recordxtechnologies, LLC+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 12 2025 42 41 40 Red Dawn SEI Buyer, Inc.+ (8)(9) Senior loan L + 4.50 (j) 5.50 11 2025 23,887 23,680 0.9 23,610 Red Dawn SEI Buyer, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (d) 5.50 11 2025 2,490 2,442 0.1 2,520 Red Dawn SEI Buyer, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 4.25 (d) 5.25 11 2025 744 738 741 Red Dawn SEI Buyer, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 4.25 (d) 5.25 11 2025 132 131 132 Red Dawn SEI Buyer, Inc.+(5) Senior loan L + 4.25 N A(6) 11 2025 (1) Saturn Borrower Inc.+ One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 09 2026 20,181 19,670 0.8 20,181 Saturn Borrower Inc.+ One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 09 2026 41 39 41 271,513 270,186 10.5 271,693 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 142 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Leisure Products WBZ Investment LLC#+ One stop L + 6.50 (c) 6.50 cash 1.00 PIK 09 2024 8,626 8,670 0.4 8,626 WBZ Investment LLC+ One stop L + 6.50 (c) 6.50 cash 1.00 PIK 09 2024 1,235 1,230 1,235 WBZ Investment LLC+ One stop L + 6.50 (c) 6.50 cash 1.00 PIK 09 2024 859 880 859 WBZ Investment LLC+ One stop L + 6.50 (c) 6.50 cash 1.00 PIK 09 2024 439 451 439 WBZ Investment LLC+ One stop L + 6.50 (c) 6.50 cash 1.00 PIK 09 2024 82 82 82 11,241 11,313 0.4 11,241 Life Sciences Tools & Services Pace Analytical Services, LLC #+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 04 2024 29,330 29,341 1.2 29,330 Pace Analytical Services, LLC+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 04 2024 7,090 6,923 0.3 7,090 Pace Analytical Services, LLC+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 04 2024 6,975 6,902 0.3 6,975 Pace Analytical Services, LLC#+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 04 2024 2,727 2,727 0.2 2,727 Pace Analytical Services, LLC # One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 04 2024 1,635 1,649 0.1 1,635 Pace Analytical Services, LLC # One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 04 2024 1,503 1,506 0.1 1,503 Pace Analytical Services, LLC # One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 04 2024 1,252 1,250 1,252 Pace Analytical Services, LLC#+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 04 2024 1,210 1,220 1,210 Pace Analytical Services, LLC+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 04 2024 983 969 983 Pace Analytical Services, LLC+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 04 2024 881 872 881 Pace Analytical Services, LLC # One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 04 2024 670 670 670 Pace Analytical Services, LLC # One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 04 2024 554 558 554 Pace Analytical Services, LLC One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 04 2024 186 187 186 Pace Analytical Services, LLC+(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 04 2024 (2) Unchained Labs, LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.50 (a) 6.50 08 2027 852 835 835 Unchained Labs, LLC+(5) Senior loan L + 5.50 N A(6) 08 2027 (1) (1) Unchained Labs, LLC+(5) Senior loan L + 5.50 N A(6) 08 2027 (21) (21) 55,848 55,585 2.2 55,809 Machinery Bad Boy Mowers Acquisition, LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.25 (a) 5.00 03 2028 2,029 2,024 0.1 2,029 Blackbird Purchaser, Inc. + Senior loan L + 4.50 (c)(f) 4.63 04 2026 15,839 16,063 0.6 15,864 Blackbird Purchaser, Inc. + Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 4.63 04 2024 128 126 126 Chase Industries, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 7.00 (c) 6.50 cash 1.50 PIK 05 2025 12,059 12,154 0.4 9,647 Chase Industries, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 7.00 (d) 6.50 cash 1.50 PIK 05 2025 985 1,012 788 Chase Industries, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 7.00 (c) 6.50 cash 1.50 PIK 05 2023 292 293 220 Time Manufacturing Acquisition, LLC Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 02 2023 703 702 703 32,035 32,374 1.1 29,377 Marine Veson Nautical LLC#+ One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 11 2025 9,668 9,589 0.4 9,668 Veson Nautical LLC+ One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 11 2025 7,209 7,141 0.3 7,209 Veson Nautical LLC+(5) One stop L + 5.25 N A(6) 11 2025 (1) 16,877 16,729 0.7 16,877 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 143 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Media Triple Lift, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.50 05 2028 5,397 5,296 0.2 5,397 Triple Lift, Inc.+(5) One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 05 2028 (1) 5,397 5,295 0.2 5,397 Multiline Retail Mills Fleet Farm Group LLC #+ One stop L + 6.25 (a) 7.25 10 2024 46,470 46,382 1.8 46,470 Oil, Gas & Consumable Fuels 3ES Innovation, Inc. + (8)(12) One stop L + 6.75 (c) 7.75 05 2025 20,629 20,741 0.8 20,629 3ES Innovation, Inc.+(5)(8)(12) One stop L + 6.75 N A(6) 05 2025 (1) Drilling Info Holdings, Inc. #+ Senior loan L + 4.25 (a) 4.33 07 2025 37,452 37,830 1.4 37,381 Drilling Info Holdings, Inc. Senior loan L + 4.50 (a) 4.58 07 2025 17,167 16,827 0.7 17,283 Drilling Info Holdings, Inc.+(5) Senior loan L + 4.25 N A(6) 07 2023 (1) (2) Drilling Info Holdings, Inc.+(5) Senior loan L + 4.50 N A(6) 07 2023 (2) (1) Project Power Buyer, LLC #+ One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 05 2026 15,622 15,744 0.6 15,622 Project Power Buyer, LLC+(5) One stop L + 6.00 N A(6) 05 2025 (1) 90,870 91,137 3.5 90,912 Paper & Forest Products Messenger, LLC# One stop L + 5.50 (a)(f) 6.50 08 2023 8,921 8,970 0.3 8,921 Messenger, LLC+ One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 08 2023 8,921 8,970 0.3 8,921 Personal Products IMPLUS Footwear, LLC+ One stop L + 7.75 (c) 8.75 04 2024 30,667 30,960 1.1 28,213 IMPLUS Footwear, LLC+ One stop L + 7.75 (c) 8.75 04 2024 5,238 5,287 0.2 4,819 IMPLUS Footwear, LLC + One stop L + 7.75 (c) 8.75 04 2024 755 772 695 36,660 37,019 1.3 33,727 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 144 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Pharmaceuticals ACP Ulysses Buyer, Inc. #+ Senior loan L + 5.00 (a) 6.00 02 2026 13,077 12,980 0.5 13,077 Amalthea Parent, Inc. #+(8)(12) One stop L + 5.00 (a) 6.00 03 2027 25,964 25,726 1.0 25,964 Amalthea Parent, Inc.+(5)(8)(12) One stop L + 5.00 N A(6) 03 2027 (2) Amalthea Parent, Inc.+(5)(8)(12) One stop L + 5.00 N A(6) 03 2027 (45) Apothecary Products, LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.25 (a) 5.25 07 2023 2,891 2,959 0.1 2,891 Apothecary Products, LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.25 (a)(b)(c)(d) 5.25 07 2023 313 313 313 BIOVT, LLC #+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 07 2022 32,910 32,785 1.3 32,910 BIOVT, LLC#+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 07 2022 1,978 1,970 0.1 1,978 BIOVT, LLC One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 07 2022 1,857 1,849 0.1 1,857 BIOVT, LLC+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 07 2022 102 102 102 Spark Bidco Limited+(8)(9)(10) Senior loan SN + 4.75 (n) 4.80 08 2028 26,972 26,573 1.0 26,082 Spark Bidco Limited+(8)(9)(10) Senior loan SN + 4.75 N A(6) 02 2028 Spark Bidco Limited+(5)(8)(9)(10) Senior loan SN + 4.75 N A(6) 08 2028 (76) (75) 106,064 105,134 4.1 105,099 Professional Services DISA Holdings Acquisition Subsidiary Corp.+ Senior loan L + 4.25 (a) 5.25 06 2022 8,846 8,889 0.4 8,846 DISA Holdings Acquisition Subsidiary Corp.+ Senior loan L + 4.25 N A(6) 06 2022 IG Investments Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 6.00 (c) 6.75 09 2028 6,600 6,469 0.3 6,468 IG Investments Holdings, LLC+(5) One stop L + 6.00 N A(6) 09 2027 (1) (1) Net Health Acquisition Corp.+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 12 2025 13,370 13,252 0.5 13,370 Net Health Acquisition Corp. # One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 12 2025 8,465 8,483 0.4 8,465 Net Health Acquisition Corp.+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 12 2025 6,776 6,817 0.3 6,776 Net Health Acquisition Corp.# One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 12 2025 4,280 4,229 0.2 4,280 Net Health Acquisition Corp. # One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 12 2025 1,183 1,186 1,183 Net Health Acquisition Corp.+(5) One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 12 2025 (3) Nexus Brands Group, Inc. # One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 11 2023 9,282 9,345 0.4 9,282 Nexus Brands Group, Inc.+ (8)(9) One stop SN + 6.03 (n) 7.03 11 2023 7,072 7,163 0.3 7,584 Nexus Brands Group, Inc.#+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 11 2023 1,966 2,010 0.1 1,966 Nexus Brands Group, Inc.# One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 11 2023 1,423 1,454 0.1 1,423 Nexus Brands Group, Inc.+(8)(9) One stop SN + 6.03 (n) 7.03 11 2023 817 817 826 Nexus Brands Group, Inc. One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 11 2023 757 753 757 Nexus Brands Group, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (b) 6.75 11 2023 561 557 561 Nexus Brands Group, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 11 2023 513 513 513 Nexus Brands Group, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 11 2023 486 481 486 Nexus Brands Group, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 11 2023 160 162 160 Nexus Brands Group, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 11 2023 84 84 84 Nexus Brands Group, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 11 2023 53 53 53 Nexus Brands Group, Inc.+(8)(9) One stop SN + 6.03 (n) 7.03 11 2023 28 28 26 Nexus Brands Group, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 11 2023 11 11 11 Nexus Brands Group, Inc.+(5) One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 11 2023 (36) PlanSource Holdings, Inc. + One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 04 2025 11,416 11,514 0.4 11,416 PlanSource Holdings, Inc. + One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 04 2025 82 82 82 Teaching Company, The #+ One stop L + 4.75 (c) 5.75 07 2023 17,508 17,621 0.7 17,508 Teaching Company, The+ One stop L + 4.75 N A(6) 07 2023 101,739 101,933 4.1 102,125 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 145 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Real Estate Management & Development Property Brands, Inc.#+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 07 2025 19,640 19,727 0.7 19,444 Property Brands, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 07 2025 13,528 13,342 0.5 13,394 Property Brands, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 07 2025 12,492 12,370 0.5 12,367 Property Brands, Inc. # One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 07 2025 6,585 6,645 0.3 6,519 Property Brands, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (c)(d) 6.75 07 2025 3,209 3,275 0.1 3,177 Property Brands, Inc.#+ One stop L + 5.75 (d) 6.75 07 2025 1,409 1,437 0.1 1,396 Property Brands, Inc.#+ One stop L + 5.75 (d) 6.75 07 2025 1,193 1,216 1,181 Property Brands, Inc.#+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 07 2025 1,176 1,200 1,164 Property Brands, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 07 2025 940 934 931 Property Brands, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (d) 6.75 07 2025 497 506 491 Property Brands, Inc.+(5) One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 07 2025 (1) (2) Property Brands, Inc.+(5) One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 07 2025 (213) (219) MRI Software LLC + One stop L + 5.50 (d) 6.50 02 2026 14,474 14,370 0.6 14,474 MRI Software LLC+ One stop L + 5.50 (d) 6.50 02 2026 2,009 1,968 0.1 2,009 MRI Software LLC+(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 02 2026 (2) MRI Software LLC+ One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 02 2026 MRI Software LLC+ One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 02 2026 MRI Software LLC+(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 02 2026 (6) RPL Bidco Limited+(8)(9)(10) One stop SN + 5.75 (n) 5.80 08 2028 20,251 20,003 0.8 19,428 RPL Bidco Limited+(8)(9)(10) One stop SN + 5.75 N A(6) 02 2028 97,403 96,771 3.7 95,754 Road & Rail Gruden Acquisition, Inc+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 07 2028 4,254 4,151 0.1 4,148 Gruden Acquisition, Inc+(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 07 2026 (1) (1) Gruden Acquisition, Inc+(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 07 2028 (1) (1) Internet Truckstop Group LLC # One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 04 2025 22,358 22,756 0.9 22,358 Internet Truckstop Group LLC+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 04 2025 9,789 9,662 0.4 9,789 Internet Truckstop Group LLC+(5) One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 04 2025 (2) 36,401 36,565 1.4 36,293 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 146 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Software Accela, Inc. #+ One stop L + 4.95 (a) 4.25 cash 1.70 PIK 09 2023 4,556 4,556 0.2 4,556 Accela, Inc.+ One stop L + 7.00 N A(6) 09 2023 Appfire Technologies, LLC#+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 03 2027 33,935 33,481 1.3 33,935 Appfire Technologies, LLC+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 03 2027 20 19 20 Appfire Technologies, LLC+ One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 03 2027 Appfire Technologies, LLC+(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 03 2027 (15) Apptio, Inc. + One stop L + 7.25 (c) 8.25 01 2025 57,010 57,555 2.2 57,010 Apptio, Inc. + One stop L + 7.25 (c) 8.25 01 2025 76 75 76 Aras Corporation+ One stop L + 7.00 (c) 4.25 cash 3.75 PIK 04 2027 10,179 10,086 0.4 10,198 Aras Corporation+(5) One stop L + 6.50 N A(6) 04 2027 (1) (2) Aras Corporation+(5) One stop L + 3.25 N A(6) 04 2027 (12) 2 Auvik Networks Inc.+(8)(12) One stop L + 5.75 (c) 4.00 cash 2.75 PIK 07 2027 6,841 6,775 0.3 6,773 Auvik Networks Inc.+(5)(8)(12) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 07 2027 (1) (1) Axiom Merger Sub Inc.+ One stop L + 6.00 (c)(d) 7.00 04 2026 5,788 5,819 0.2 5,788 Axiom Merger Sub Inc.+ (8)(9) One stop E + 6.25 (g) 6.25 04 2026 2,386 2,401 0.1 2,477 Axiom Merger Sub Inc.+ One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 04 2026 274 272 274 Axiom Merger Sub Inc.+(5) One stop L + 6.00 N A(6) 04 2026 (1) Axiom Merger Sub Inc.+(5) One stop L + 6.00 N A(6) 04 2026 (1) Bearcat Buyer, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 4.25 (c) 5.25 07 2026 2,899 2,917 0.1 2,882 Bearcat Buyer, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 4.25 (c) 5.25 07 2026 516 517 513 Bearcat Buyer, Inc. Senior loan L + 4.25 (c) 5.25 07 2026 306 304 304 Bearcat Buyer, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 4.25 N A(6) 07 2024 Beqom North America, Inc.+ One stop L + 7.50 (c)(d) 7.00 cash 1.50 PIK 06 2026 923 919 970 Beqom North America, Inc.+ One stop L + 6.00 N A(6) 06 2026 1 Bullhorn, Inc. #+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 09 2026 66,625 65,684 2.6 66,642 Bullhorn, Inc.+(8)(9) One stop L + 6.00 (i) 6.08 09 2026 11,888 11,716 0.5 13,040 Bullhorn, Inc.+(8)(9) One stop E + 5.75 (g) 5.75 09 2026 4,774 4,704 0.2 5,011 Bullhorn, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 09 2026 216 213 216 Bullhorn, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 09 2026 97 95 97 Bullhorn, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 09 2026 77 76 77 Bullhorn, Inc.+(5) One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 09 2026 (3) Burning Glass Intermediate Holdings Company, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.00 (a) 6.00 06 2028 9,919 9,729 0.4 9,930 Burning Glass Intermediate Holdings Company, Inc.+(5) One stop L + 5.00 N A(6) 06 2026 (2) (1) Calabrio, Inc. + One stop L + 7.00 (c) 8.00 04 2027 53,683 52,939 2.1 53,683 Calabrio, Inc. +(5) One stop L + 7.00 N A(6) 04 2027 (4) Cloudbees, Inc.+ One stop L + 9.00 (a) 9.50 cash 0.50 PIK 05 2023 4,236 4,257 0.2 4,236 Cloudbees, Inc. One stop L + 9.00 (a) 9.50 cash 0.50 PIK 05 2023 2,788 2,737 0.1 2,788 Cloudbees, Inc.+ One stop L + 9.00 (a) 9.50 cash 0.50 PIK 05 2023 1,476 1,466 0.1 1,476 Cloudbees, Inc.+ One stop L + 8.50 N A(6) 05 2023 Cybergrants Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.25 09 2027 58,423 57,556 2.2 57,839 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 147 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Software - (continued) Cybergrants Holdings, LLC+(5) One stop L + 6.50 N A(6) 09 2027 (3) (2) Cybergrants Holdings, LLC+(5) One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 09 2027 (42) (43) Daxko Acquisition Corporation #+ One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 09 2023 25,416 25,467 1.0 25,416 Daxko Acquisition Corporation+ One stop L + 6.00 N A(6) 09 2023 Digital Guardian, Inc.+ One stop L + 9.50 (c) 7.50 cash 3.00 PIK 06 2023 9,000 9,178 0.4 9,615 Digital Guardian, Inc.+ Subordinated debt N A 8.00 PIK 06 2023 9 8 9 Digital Guardian, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.00 N A(6) 06 2023 2 Diligent Corporation #+ One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 08 2025 87,175 87,282 3.4 87,693 Diligent Corporation+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 08 2025 6,025 5,971 0.2 5,960 Diligent Corporation+ One stop L + 6.25 N A(6) 08 2025 2 FirstUp, Inc+ One stop L + 6.75 (c) 4.25 cash 3.50 PIK 07 2027 8,606 8,524 0.3 8,520 FirstUp, Inc+(5) One stop L + 6.25 N A(6) 07 2027 (1) (1) Gainsight, Inc.+ One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.00 07 2027 7,172 7,050 0.3 7,046 Gainsight, Inc.+(5) One stop L + 6.25 N A(6) 07 2027 (2) (2) GS Acquisitionco, Inc. #+ One stop L + 5.75 (d) 6.75 05 2026 53,499 53,611 2.1 53,499 GS Acquisitionco, Inc. # One stop L + 5.75 (d) 6.75 05 2026 12,625 12,804 0.5 12,625 GS Acquisitionco, Inc.#+ One stop L + 5.75 (d) 6.75 05 2026 3,253 3,299 0.2 3,253 GS Acquisitionco, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (d) 6.75 05 2026 3,001 3,044 0.1 3,001 GS Acquisitionco, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (d) 6.75 05 2026 2,768 2,754 0.1 2,768 GS Acquisitionco, Inc.#+ One stop L + 5.75 (d) 6.75 05 2026 1,880 1,907 0.1 1,880 GS Acquisitionco, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (d) 6.75 05 2026 74 74 74 GS Acquisitionco, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (c)(d) 6.75 05 2026 36 36 36 GS Acquisitionco, Inc.+(5) One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 05 2026 (2) ICIMS, Inc.+ One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 09 2024 14,355 14,566 0.6 14,355 ICIMS, Inc.+ One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 09 2024 4,501 4,490 0.2 4,501 ICIMS, Inc. One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 09 2024 2,706 2,685 0.1 2,706 ICIMS, Inc.+ One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 09 2024 88 88 88 Impartner, Inc. One stop L + 9.50 (c) 9.30 cash 2.00 PIK 08 2025 2,976 2,947 0.1 3,091 Impartner, Inc.+ One stop L + 9.50 (c) 9.30 cash 2.00 PIK 08 2025 234 233 245 Impartner, Inc.+(5) One stop L + 7.50 N A(6) 08 2025 (1) 9 Impartner, Inc.+ One stop L + 7.50 N A(6) 08 2025 Instructure, Inc. One stop L + 5.50 (a) 6.50 03 2026 10,944 10,617 0.4 10,944 Juvare, LLC One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 10 2026 7,526 7,447 0.3 7,432 Juvare, LLC+ One stop P + 4.75 (f) 6.75 10 2026 1,737 1,718 0.1 1,715 Juvare, LLC+(5) One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 04 2026 (1) (1) Juvare, LLC+(5) One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 10 2026 (27) (27) Kaseya Traverse Inc+ One stop L + 7.00 (c) 5.00 cash 3.00 PIK 05 2025 38,053 38,761 1.4 37,387 Kaseya Traverse Inc+ One stop L + 7.00 (c) 5.00 cash 3.00 PIK 05 2025 13,986 13,848 0.5 13,741 Kaseya Traverse Inc+ One stop L + 7.00 (c) 5.00 cash 3.00 PIK 05 2025 3,925 3,935 0.2 3,857 Kaseya Traverse Inc+ One stop L + 7.00 (c) 5.00 cash 3.00 PIK 05 2025 1,625 1,602 0.1 1,597 Kaseya Traverse Inc+(5) One stop L + 6.50 N A(6) 05 2025 (1) (6) Kaseya Traverse Inc+(5) One stop L + 4.00 N A(6) 05 2025 (217) (115) Mindbody, Inc.+ One stop L + 8.50 (c)(d) 8.00 cash 1.50 PIK 02 2025 49,337 49,944 1.9 49,401 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 148 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Software - (continued) Mindbody, Inc.+(5) One stop L + 8.00 N A(6) 02 2025 (1) (4) Mindbody, Inc.+ One stop L + 7.00 N A(6) 02 2025 7 Ministry Brands, LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.00 (a) 5.00 12 2022 2,711 2,692 0.1 2,711 Ministry Brands, LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.00 (a) 5.00 12 2022 1,430 1,430 0.1 1,430 Ministry Brands, LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.00 (a) 5.00 12 2022 1,276 1,266 1,276 Ministry Brands, LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.00 (a) 5.00 12 2022 819 824 819 Ministry Brands, LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.00 (a) 5.00 12 2022 373 389 373 mParticle, Inc.+ One stop L + 10.25 (c) 7.50 cash 3.75 PIK 09 2025 4,889 4,825 0.2 4,889 mParticle, Inc.+ One stop L + 10.25 (c) 11.25 09 2025 Namely, Inc.+ One stop L + 8.50 (c) 8.25 cash 2.25 PIK 06 2024 3,631 3,505 0.1 3,631 Namely, Inc.+ One stop L + 8.50 (c) 8.25 cash 2.25 PIK 06 2024 2,062 1,970 0.1 2,062 Namely, Inc.+ One stop L + 7.50 (a) 8.25 cash 1.25 PIK 06 2024 72 70 72 Neo Bidco GMBH(8)(9)(13) One stop E + 6.00 (h) 6.00 07 2028 7,729 7,617 0.3 7,572 Neo Bidco GMBH(8)(9)(13) One stop E + 6.00 N A(6) 01 2028 PDI TA Holdings, Inc. One stop L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 10 2024 8,495 8,376 0.3 8,495 PDI TA Holdings, Inc. Second lien L + 8.50 (c) 9.50 10 2025 3,424 3,359 0.1 3,424 PDI TA Holdings, Inc. One stop L + 4.50 (d) 5.50 10 2024 697 689 697 PDI TA Holdings, Inc.+ One stop L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 10 2024 385 379 385 PDI TA Holdings, Inc.+ Second lien L + 8.50 (c) 9.50 10 2025 206 203 206 Personify, Inc. #+ One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 09 2024 14,469 14,664 0.6 14,469 Personify, Inc.# One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 09 2024 8,614 8,543 0.3 8,614 Personify, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.25 N A(6) 09 2024 1 Pluralsight, LLC+ One stop L + 8.00 (c) 9.00 03 2027 23,748 23,526 0.9 23,748 Pluralsight, LLC+(5) One stop L + 8.00 N A(6) 03 2027 (1) ProcessUnity Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 6.00 (d) 6.75 09 2028 4,221 4,178 0.2 4,178 ProcessUnity Holdings, LLC+(5) One stop L + 6.00 N A(6) 09 2028 (1) (1) ProcessUnity Holdings, LLC+(5) One stop L + 6.00 N A(6) 09 2028 (8) (8) Pyramid Healthcare Acquisition Corp.#+ One stop L + 4.75 (c) 5.75 05 2027 18,558 18,384 0.7 18,558 Pyramid Healthcare Acquisition Corp.+ One stop L + 4.75 (c) 5.75 05 2027 159 100 159 Pyramid Healthcare Acquisition Corp.+(5) One stop L + 4.75 N A(6) 05 2027 (2) RegEd Aquireco, LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.25 (a) 5.25 12 2024 11,300 11,301 0.4 10,735 RegEd Aquireco, LLC+ Senior loan P + 3.25 (f) 4.27 12 2024 144 143 130 Rodeo Buyer Company & Absorb Software Inc.+ One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2027 4,541 4,499 0.2 4,541 Rodeo Buyer Company & Absorb Software Inc.+(5) One stop L + 6.25 N A(6) 05 2027 (1) SnapLogic, Inc. One stop L + 8.75 (c) 5.75 cash 5.50 PIK 09 2024 6,319 6,268 0.2 6,195 SnapLogic, Inc. One stop L + 3.25 (b) 5.75 09 2024 2,110 2,045 0.1 2,069 SnapLogic, Inc.+ One stop L + 8.75 (c) 5.75 cash 5.50 PIK 09 2024 64 64 63 SnapLogic, Inc.+ One stop L + 3.25 N A(6) 09 2024 SnapLogic, Inc.+(5) One stop L + 3.25 N A(6) 09 2024 (10) (41) Sontatype, Inc.+ One stop L + 6.75 (c) 7.75 12 2025 851 845 851 Sontatype, Inc.+(5) One stop L + 6.75 N A(6) 12 2025 (2) Spartan Buyer Acquisition Co. # One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 12 2026 31,676 31,334 1.2 31,359 Spartan Buyer Acquisition Co.+ One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 12 2026 2,013 1,973 0.1 1,993 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 149 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Software - (continued) Spartan Buyer Acquisition Co.+(5) One stop L + 6.25 N A(6) 12 2026 (3) (2) Telesoft Holdings LLC+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 12 2025 895 881 895 Telesoft Holdings LLC+(5) One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 12 2025 (1) TI Intermediate Holdings, LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (a) 4.58 12 2024 3,481 3,526 0.1 3,474 TI Intermediate Holdings, LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (a) 5.50 12 2024 920 901 927 TI Intermediate Holdings, LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (a) 5.50 12 2024 432 424 436 TI Intermediate Holdings, LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (a) 4.58 12 2024 14 13 14 Togetherwork Holdings, LLC # One stop L + 6.25 (a) 7.25 03 2025 15,404 15,482 0.6 15,408 Togetherwork Holdings, LLC One stop L + 6.25 (a) 7.25 03 2025 6,964 6,847 0.3 6,965 Togetherwork Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 6.25 (a) 7.25 03 2025 1,785 1,830 0.1 1,786 Togetherwork Holdings, LLC#+ One stop L + 6.25 (a) 7.25 03 2025 1,733 1,774 0.1 1,734 Togetherwork Holdings, LLC # One stop L + 6.25 (a) 7.25 03 2025 1,688 1,730 0.1 1,689 Togetherwork Holdings, LLC#+ One stop L + 6.25 (a) 7.25 03 2025 1,631 1,653 0.1 1,631 Togetherwork Holdings, LLC + One stop L + 6.25 (a) 7.25 03 2025 1,572 1,611 0.1 1,573 Togetherwork Holdings, LLC#+ One stop L + 6.25 (a) 7.25 03 2025 1,466 1,500 0.1 1,466 Togetherwork Holdings, LLC # One stop L + 6.25 (a) 7.25 03 2025 1,200 1,212 1,201 Togetherwork Holdings, LLC#+ One stop L + 6.25 (a) 7.25 03 2025 661 677 662 Togetherwork Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 6.25 (a) 7.25 03 2025 457 453 457 Togetherwork Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 6.25 (a) 7.25 03 2025 443 439 443 Togetherwork Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 6.25 (a) 7.25 03 2025 104 102 104 Togetherwork Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 6.25 (a) 7.25 03 2024 70 69 70 Togetherwork Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 6.25 (a) 7.25 03 2025 64 65 64 Togetherwork Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 6.25 (a) 7.25 03 2025 59 60 59 Transact Holdings, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 4.75 (a) 4.83 04 2026 3,047 3,083 0.1 3,025 Trintech, Inc. #+ One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 12 2024 22,171 22,355 0.9 22,171 Trintech, Inc.#+ One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 12 2024 9,192 9,306 0.4 9,192 Trintech, Inc.+ One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 12 2024 100 100 100 Vector CS Midco Limited & Cloudsense Ltd.+ (8)(9)(10) One stop L + 8.05 (i) 5.30 cash 3.55 PIK 05 2024 8,162 8,258 0.3 7,330 Vector CS Midco Limited & Cloudsense Ltd.+(8)(9)(10) One stop L + 8.05 (i) 5.30 cash 3.55 PIK 05 2024 136 136 120 Vendavo, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.50 09 2027 19,809 19,637 0.8 19,636 Vendavo, Inc.+(5) One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 09 2027 (1) (1) Workforce Software, LLC+ One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 07 2025 27,474 27,967 1.1 27,474 Workforce Software, LLC+ One stop L + 6.50 (c) 6.50 cash 1.00 PIK 07 2025 4,862 4,818 0.2 4,862 Workforce Software, LLC+ One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 07 2025 94 92 94 1,015,519 1,012,853 39.4 1,013,797 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 150 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Specialty Retail 2nd Ave. LLC One stop L + 6.50 (a) 7.50 09 2025 5,855 5,787 0.3 5,855 2nd Ave. LLC+ One stop L + 6.50 N A(6) 09 2025 Batteries Plus Holding Corporation # One stop L + 6.75 (a) 7.75 06 2023 21,921 21,998 0.9 21,921 Batteries Plus Holding Corporation+ One stop L + 6.75 (a) 7.75 06 2023 1,434 1,427 0.1 1,434 Batteries Plus Holding Corporation+ One stop L + 6.75 (f) 8.36 06 2023 102 102 102 Boot Barn, Inc.#+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 06 2023 7,523 7,607 0.3 7,523 Consilio Midco Limited+(8)(12) One stop L + 5.75 (d) 6.75 05 2028 11,684 11,462 0.5 11,567 Consilio Midco Limited+(5)(8)(12) One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 05 2028 (2) (1) Consilio Midco Limited+(5)(8)(12) One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 05 2028 (41) (44) Cycle Gear, Inc.#+ One stop L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 01 2026 49,145 49,023 1.9 48,654 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 20,873 20,728 0.8 20,716 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 4,815 4,771 0.2 4,779 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 4,191 4,152 0.2 4,159 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 3,627 3,656 0.2 3,599 Imperial Optical Midco Inc. + One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 2,828 2,814 0.1 2,806 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 2,791 2,765 0.2 2,770 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 2,261 2,240 0.1 2,244 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 2,079 2,060 0.1 2,063 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.#+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 1,922 1,953 0.1 1,907 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 1,671 1,655 0.1 1,658 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 1,469 1,455 0.1 1,458 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 1,450 1,436 0.1 1,439 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 08 2023 1,383 1,370 0.1 1,372 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.#+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 1,251 1,272 1,242 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 1,157 1,146 1,148 Imperial Optical Midco Inc. + One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 1,139 1,157 1,131 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 888 880 881 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 666 660 661 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 638 633 634 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 504 499 500 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 464 454 460 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 454 450 451 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 450 446 447 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 446 442 443 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 418 414 415 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 414 410 411 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 390 386 387 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 384 381 381 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 356 353 354 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 331 329 328 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 317 314 314 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 287 284 285 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 280 274 278 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 275 272 273 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 272 269 270 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 259 257 257 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 241 239 239 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 151 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Specialty Retail - (continued) Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 221 219 219 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 197 195 196 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 195 193 194 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 194 192 192 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 190 189 189 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 181 179 180 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 169 167 168 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 167 165 165 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 162 161 161 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 161 159 159 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 155 153 154 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 153 152 152 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 144 143 143 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 139 138 138 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 134 133 133 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 130 129 129 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 129 127 128 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 115 114 114 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 115 114 114 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 115 114 114 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 110 109 110 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 107 106 107 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 106 105 105 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 106 105 105 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 100 99 100 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 97 96 96 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 87 86 86 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 83 83 83 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 80 79 79 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 76 76 76 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 76 75 76 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 75 74 74 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 74 74 74 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 69 68 68 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 68 68 68 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 65 65 65 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 64 64 64 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 63 63 63 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 62 62 62 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 61 60 60 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 60 59 59 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 56 55 56 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 55 55 55 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 43 42 42 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 41 41 41 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 36 36 36 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 35 35 35 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 35 35 35 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 152 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Specialty Retail - (continued) Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 28 28 28 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 28 27 28 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 27 27 27 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 27 26 26 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 26 25 25 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 26 26 26 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 24 24 23 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 23 23 23 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 21 21 21 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 20 19 19 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 19 18 18 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 19 19 19 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 19 19 19 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 17 17 17 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 17 17 17 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 17 17 17 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 15 14 14 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 14 13 14 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 13 13 13 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 13 13 13 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 13 13 13 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 13 13 13 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 13 13 13 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 12 12 12 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 11 11 11 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 11 11 11 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 10 10 10 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 10 10 10 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 9 9 9 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 9 9 9 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 9 9 9 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 9 9 9 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 8 8 8 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 8 8 8 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 8 8 8 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 7 7 7 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 6 6 6 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 6 6 6 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 5 5 5 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 5 5 5 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 08 2023 3 3 3 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 08 2023 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+(5) One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 08 2023 (78) (64) Jet Equipment & Tools Ltd.+ (8)(9)(12) One stop C + 5.25 (l) 6.25 11 2024 17,804 18,035 0.8 18,471 Jet Equipment & Tools Ltd. #(8)(12) One stop L + 5.25 (a) 6.25 11 2024 12,239 12,419 0.5 12,228 Jet Equipment & Tools Ltd.+(8)(9)(12) One stop C + 5.50 (l) 6.50 11 2024 5,207 5,164 0.3 5,449 Jet Equipment & Tools Ltd.#+(8)(12) One stop L + 5.25 (a) 6.25 11 2024 4,262 4,317 0.2 4,259 Jet Equipment & Tools Ltd.+(8)(12) One stop L + 5.25 (a) 6.25 11 2024 1,566 1,556 0.1 1,564 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 153 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Specialty Retail - (continued) Jet Equipment & Tools Ltd.+(8)(12) One stop L + 5.25 (a) 6.25 11 2024 118 118 118 Jet Equipment & Tools Ltd.+(8)(9)(12) One stop C + 5.25 (l)(m) 6.25 11 2024 101 99 99 PetPeople Enterprises, LLC# One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 09 2023 5,227 5,259 0.2 5,227 PetPeople Enterprises, LLC#+ One stop L + 5.50 (c)(d) 6.50 09 2023 1,774 1,793 0.1 1,774 PetPeople Enterprises, LLC+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 09 2023 20 21 20 PPV Intermediate Holdings II, LLC#+ One stop L + 5.50 (a) 6.50 05 2023 4,871 4,871 0.2 4,871 PPV Intermediate Holdings II, LLC+ One stop L + 5.50 (a) 6.50 05 2023 2,483 2,461 0.1 2,483 PPV Intermediate Holdings II, LLC One stop L + 5.50 (a) 6.50 05 2023 1,155 1,145 1,155 PPV Intermediate Holdings II, LLC# One stop L + 5.50 (a) 6.50 05 2023 1,065 1,056 1,065 PPV Intermediate Holdings II, LLC# One stop L + 5.50 (a) 6.50 05 2023 1,027 1,018 1,027 PPV Intermediate Holdings II, LLC# One stop L + 5.50 (a) 6.50 05 2023 1,000 1,000 1,000 PPV Intermediate Holdings II, LLC One stop L + 5.50 (a) 6.50 05 2023 924 916 924 PPV Intermediate Holdings II, LLC+ One stop L + 5.50 (a) 6.50 05 2023 774 767 774 PPV Intermediate Holdings II, LLC One stop L + 5.50 (a) 6.50 05 2023 770 763 770 PPV Intermediate Holdings II, LLC One stop L + 5.50 (a) 6.50 05 2023 731 725 731 PPV Intermediate Holdings II, LLC# One stop L + 5.50 (a) 6.50 05 2023 597 597 597 PPV Intermediate Holdings II, LLC One stop L + 5.50 (a) 6.50 05 2023 526 522 526 PPV Intermediate Holdings II, LLC One stop L + 5.50 (a) 6.50 05 2023 431 420 431 PPV Intermediate Holdings II, LLC+ One stop L + 5.50 (a) 6.50 05 2023 223 221 223 PPV Intermediate Holdings II, LLC+ One stop P + 4.50 (f) 7.75 05 2023 193 192 193 PPV Intermediate Holdings II, LLC+ One stop L + 5.50 (a) 6.50 05 2023 165 164 165 PPV Intermediate Holdings II, LLC# One stop L + 5.50 (a) 6.50 05 2023 128 127 128 PPV Intermediate Holdings II, LLC+ One stop N A 7.90 PIK 05 2023 26 26 26 PPV Intermediate Holdings II, LLC+(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 05 2023 (12) Sola Franchise, LLC and Sola Salon Studios, LLC# One stop L + 4.75 (c) 5.75 10 2024 7,222 7,231 0.3 7,222 Sola Franchise, LLC and Sola Salon Studios, LLC#+ One stop L + 4.75 (c) 5.75 10 2024 1,691 1,734 0.1 1,691 Sola Franchise, LLC and Sola Salon Studios, LLC+ One stop L + 4.75 (c) 5.75 10 2024 80 80 80 Titan Fitness, LLC #+ One stop L + 6.75 (b)(c) 5.75 cash 2.00 PIK 02 2025 30,446 30,702 1.1 27,390 Titan Fitness, LLC+ One stop L + 6.75 (c) 5.75 cash 2.00 PIK 02 2025 1,899 1,883 0.1 1,708 Titan Fitness, LLC+ One stop L + 6.75 (c) 5.75 cash 2.00 PIK 02 2025 480 477 430 Vermont Aus Pty Ltd+ (8)(9)(11) Senior loan A + 4.75 (k) 4.82 02 2025 2,199 2,216 0.1 2,318 Vermont Aus Pty Ltd+(8)(9)(11) Senior loan A + 4.00 (k) 4.07 02 2025 1,010 994 921 Vermont Aus Pty Ltd+(8)(9)(11) Senior loan A + 4.75 (k) 4.82 02 2025 81 81 94 277,574 277,421 10.6 273,973 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 154 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Technology Hardware, Storage & Peripherals Agility Recovery Solutions Inc. #+ One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 03 2023 22,238 22,311 0.9 22,238 Agility Recovery Solutions Inc.+ One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 03 2023 902 900 902 23,140 23,211 0.9 23,140 Textiles, Apparel & Luxury Goods Dollfus Mieg Company, Inc.+(8)(10) One stop L + 6.00 (c) 6.50 03 2028 1,954 1,928 0.1 1,954 Dollfus Mieg Company, Inc.+(8)(10) One stop L + 6.00 (c) 6.50 03 2028 974 961 974 Dollfus Mieg Company, Inc.+(8)(10) One stop L + 6.00 (c) 6.50 03 2028 855 844 855 Dollfus Mieg Company, Inc.(5)(8)(9)(10) One stop E + 6.00 N A(6) 03 2028 (1) Elite Sportswear, L.P.+ Senior loan L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 12 2021 9,802 9,787 0.3 6,371 Elite Sportswear, L.P.+ Senior loan L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 12 2021 3,941 3,935 0.1 2,562 Elite Sportswear, L.P.+ Senior loan L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 12 2021 2,028 2,026 0.1 1,318 Elite Sportswear, L.P. + Senior loan L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 12 2021 673 672 437 Elite Sportswear, L.P.+ Senior loan L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 12 2021 308 308 200 Elite Sportswear, L.P. + Senior loan L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 12 2021 294 294 191 Elite Sportswear, L.P.+(5) Senior loan L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 12 2021 86 83 (351) Elite Sportswear, L.P.+(5) Senior loan L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 12 2021 3 3 (12) Georgica Pine Clothiers, LLC#+ One stop L + 7.50 (d) 6.50 cash 2.00 PIK 11 2023 10,459 10,365 0.4 10,483 Georgica Pine Clothiers, LLC # One stop L + 7.50 (d) 6.50 cash 2.00 PIK 11 2023 6,559 6,503 0.3 6,574 Georgica Pine Clothiers, LLC+ One stop L + 7.50 (c)(d) 6.50 cash 2.00 PIK 11 2023 1,015 996 1,017 Georgica Pine Clothiers, LLC#+ One stop L + 7.50 (d) 6.50 cash 2.00 PIK 11 2023 913 906 915 Georgica Pine Clothiers, LLC # One stop L + 7.50 (d) 6.50 cash 2.00 PIK 11 2023 640 636 642 Georgica Pine Clothiers, LLC+ One stop L + 7.50 (d) 6.50 cash 2.00 PIK 11 2023 2 2 2 SHO Holding I Corporation+ Senior loan L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 04 2024 4,003 3,995 0.2 3,803 SHO Holding I Corporation+ Senior loan L + 5.23 (c) 6.23 04 2024 67 67 63 SHO Holding I Corporation+(5) Senior loan L + 5.00 N A(6) 04 2024 (4) SHO Holding I Corporation+(5) Senior loan L + 4.00 N A(6) 04 2024 (1) SHO Holding I Corporation+ Senior loan L + 4.00 (c) 5.00 04 2024 SHO Holding I Corporation+ Senior loan L + 5.23 (c) 6.23 04 2024 44,576 44,309 1.5 37,994 Trading Companies and Distributors Marcone Yellowstone Buyer Inc.+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.25 06 2028 19,311 18,940 0.7 19,311 Marcone Yellowstone Buyer Inc.+(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 06 2028 (4) 19,311 18,936 0.7 19,311 Water Utilities S.J. Electro Systems, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 06 2027 17,136 16,973 0.7 17,136 S.J. Electro Systems, Inc.+(5) Senior loan L + 4.50 N A(6) 06 2027 (2) S.J. Electro Systems, Inc.+(5) Senior loan L + 4.50 N A(6) 06 2027 (2) Vessco Midco Holdings, LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 11 2026 339 313 313 Vessco Midco Holdings, LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 11 2026 210 208 208 Vessco Midco Holdings, LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.50 N A(6) 10 2026 17,685 17,490 0.7 17,657 Total non-controlled non-affiliate company debt investments 4,715,909 4,684,411 179.7 4,642,198 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 155 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Equity Investments (15)(16) 
 Aerospace and Defense NTS Technical Systems+ Common Stock N A N A N A 2 1,506 1,016 NTS Technical Systems+ Preferred stock N A N A N A 256 502 NTS Technical Systems+ Preferred stock N A N A N A 128 291 Tronair Parent, Inc.+ LLC units N A N A N A 40 40 Whitcraft LLC+ Common Stock N A N A N A 11 2,285 0.2 2,822 4,215 0.2 4,671 Auto Components Polk Acquisition Corp.+ LP interest N A N A N A 5 314 341 Automobiles CG Group Holdings, LLC+ LP units N A N A N A 1 730 730 MOP GM Holding, LLC+ LP units N A N A N A 323 537 Quick Quack Car Wash Holdings, LLC LLC interest N A N A N A 508 0.1 787 1,561 0.1 2,054 Biotechnology BIO18 Borrower, LLC+(17) Preferred stock N A N A N A 591 1,190 0.1 2,779 Building Products Brooks Equipment Company, LLC+ Common Stock N A N A N A 10 1,021 0.1 2,991 Chemicals Inhance Technologies Holdings LLC+ LLC units N A N A N A 124 103 Commercial Services & Supplies Hydraulic Authority III Limited+(8)(9)(10) Preferred stock N A N A N A 284 384 516 Hydraulic Authority III Limited+(8)(9)(10) Common Stock N A N A N A 6 43 165 North Haven Stack Buyer, LLC LLC units N A N A N A 359 359 359 786 1,040 Construction & Engineering Reladyne, Inc.+ LP interest N A N A N A 1,032 1,155 Diversified Consumer Services CHHJ Franchising, LLC+(17) LLC units N A N A N A 19 193 0.1 239 EWC Growth Partners LLC LLC interest N A N A N A 12 1 Liminex, Inc.+ Common Stock N A N A N A 12 434 0.1 757 PADI Holdco, Inc.+ LLC interest N A N A N A 1 969 198 Spear Education, LLC+ LLC interest N A N A N A 7 33 Spear Education, LLC+ LLC units N A N A N A 1 1 74 1,616 0.2 1,302 Electronic Equipment, Instruments & Components ES Acquisition LLC+ LP interest N A N A N A 21 Inventus Power, Inc.+ Preferred stock N A N A N A 372 315 Inventus Power, Inc.+ LLC units N A N A N A 88 160 Inventus Power, Inc.+ LP interest N A N A N A 20 40 Inventus Power, Inc.+ Common Stock N A N A N A 480 536 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 156 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Food & Staples Retailing Benihana, Inc.+ LLC units N A N A N A 43 699 378 Cafe Rio Holding, Inc.+ Common Stock N A N A N A 5 603 0.1 1,037 Captain D's, LLC+ LLC interest N A N A N A 158 156 0.1 784 Feeders Supply Company, LLC+ Preferred stock N A N A N A 4 400 525 Feeders Supply Company, LLC+ Common Stock N A N A N A Hopdoddy Holdings, LLC+ LLC units N A N A N A 44 216 211 Hopdoddy Holdings, LLC+ LLC units N A N A N A 20 61 60 Mendocino Farms, LLC+ Common Stock N A N A N A 168 770 0.1 1,682 Ruby Slipper Cafe LLC, The+ LLC interest N A N A N A 31 373 122 Ruby Slipper Cafe LLC, The+ LLC interest N A N A N A 2 20 38 Wetzel's Pretzels, LLC+ Common Stock N A N A N A 416 462 Wood Fired Holding Corp.+ LLC units N A N A N A 437 444 548 Wood Fired Holding Corp.+ Common Stock N A N A N A 437 708 Zenput Inc.+ Preferred stock N A N A N A 146 409 426 4,567 0.3 6,981 Food Products Borrower R365 Holdings, LLC+ Preferred stock N A N A N A 77 102 115 C. J. Foods, Inc.+ Preferred stock N A N A N A 75 588 Kodiak Cakes, LLC+ Common Stock N A N A N A 281 281 Kodiak Cakes, LLC+ LLC units N A N A N A 191 191 191 Louisiana Fish Fry Products, Ltd.+ Common Stock N A N A N A 483 483 FCID Merger Sub, Inc.+ Common Stock N A N A N A 3 325 352 Purfoods, LLC+ LLC interest N A N A N A 926 0.3 5,932 2,383 0.3 7,942 Health Care Equipment & Supplies Aspen Medical Products, LLC+ LP interest N A N A N A 77 139 Blue River Pet Care, LLC+ Common Stock N A N A N A 76 151 CCSL Holdings, LLC+ LP interest N A N A N A 312 319 CMI Parent Inc.+ Common Stock N A N A N A 240 276 CMI Parent Inc.+ Common Stock N A N A N A 3 3 62 G & H Wire Company, Inc.+ LLC interest N A N A N A 335 269 177 Joerns Healthcare, LLC + Common Stock N A N A N A 432 4,329 455 Katena Holdings, Inc.+ LLC units N A N A N A 573 0.1 718 Lombart Brothers, Inc.+ Common Stock N A N A N A 1 440 215 6,319 0.1 2,512 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 157 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Health Care Providers & Services Active Day, Inc.+ LLC interest N A N A N A 2 1,099 320 Acuity Eyecare Holdings, LLC+ LLC interest N A N A N A 1,632 2,235 0.2 3,718 Acuity Eyecare Holdings, LLC+ LLC units N A N A N A 889 1,023 0.1 2,065 ADCS Clinics Intermediate Holdings, LLC+ Preferred stock N A N A N A 2 1,119 0.1 1,434 ADCS Clinics Intermediate Holdings, LLC+ Common Stock N A N A N A 6 AVG Intermediate Holdings & AVG Subsidiary Holdings LLC+ LLC units N A N A N A 104 104 135 CRH Healthcare Purchaser, Inc.+(17) LP interest N A N A N A 429 327 0.1 771 DCA Investment Holding, LLC LLC interest N A N A N A 13,890 1,618 0.1 2,239 DCA Investment Holding, LLC LLC units N A N A N A 140 218 276 Emerge Intermediate, Inc.+ LLC units N A N A N A 648 817 Emerge Intermediate, Inc.+ LLC units N A N A N A 61 57 Emerge Intermediate, Inc.+ LLC units N A N A N A 9 4 Encore GC Acquisition, LLC+ LLC interest N A N A N A 26 272 45 Encore GC Acquisition, LLC+ LLC units N A N A N A 26 52 Encorevet Group LLC+ Common Stock N A N A N A 15 25 Encorevet Group LLC+ LLC units N A N A N A 8 13 Eyecare Services Partners Holdings LLC+ LLC units N A N A N A 262 Eyecare Services Partners Holdings LLC+ LLC units N A N A N A 1 Krueger-Gilbert Health Physics, LLC+ Common Stock N A N A N A 177 199 248 MD Now Holdings, Inc.+(17) LLC interest N A N A N A 15 110 241 Midwest Veterinary Partners, LLC+ LLC units N A N A N A 1 567 567 Midwest Veterinary Partners, LLC+ Warrant N A N A N A 6 185 Midwest Veterinary Partners, LLC+ Warrant N A N A N A 29 35 MWD Management, LLC & MWD Services, Inc.+ LLC interest N A N A N A 412 335 442 NDX Parent, LLC+ Common Stock N A N A N A 272 272 New Look (Delaware) Corporation and NL1 AcquireCo, Inc.+(8)(9)(12) Common Stock N A N A N A 296 323 Oliver Street Dermatology Holdings, LLC+ LLC interest N A N A N A 452 234 Pentec Acquisition Sub, Inc.+ Preferred stock N A N A N A 1 116 166 Pinnacle Treatment Centers, Inc.+ LLC interest N A N A N A 528 682 Pinnacle Treatment Centers, Inc.+ LLC interest N A N A N A 4 74 0.1 734 Radiology Partners, Inc.+ LLC units N A N A N A 11 68 92 Radiology Partners, Inc.+ LLC interest N A N A N A 43 55 365 Sage Dental Management, LLC+ LLC units N A N A N A 249 116 Sage Dental Management, LLC+ LLC units N A N A N A 3 3 SSH Corporation+ Common Stock N A N A N A 40 108 Summit Behavioral Healthcare, LLC+(17) LLC interest N A N A N A 2 115 229 Summit Behavioral Healthcare, LLC+ LLC interest N A N A N A 2 409 12,362 0.7 17,129 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 158 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Health Care Technology Connexin Software, Inc.+ LLC interest N A N A N A 153 192 312 HSI Halo Acquisition, Inc.+ LP interest N A N A N A 288 271 HSI Halo Acquisition, Inc.+ LP interest N A N A N A Kareo, Inc.+ Warrant N A N A N A 52 162 88 Kareo, Inc.+ Warrant N A N A N A 13 49 69 Kareo, Inc.+ Preferred stock N A N A N A 2 8 18 Caliper Software, Inc.+ Preferred stock N A N A N A 2 2,734 0.2 3,588 Caliper Software, Inc.+ Preferred stock N A N A N A 2 1,427 0.1 1,601 Caliper Software, Inc.+ Preferred stock N A N A N A 1 880 936 Caliper Software, Inc.+ LLC units N A N A N A 161 178 Caliper Software, Inc.+ Common Stock N A N A N A 177 826 5,901 0.3 7,887 Hotels, Restaurants & Leisure Freddy's Frozen Custard LLC+ LP interest N A N A N A 206 206 295 Harri US LLC+ Warrant N A N A N A 18 106 106 LMP TR Holdings, LLC LLC units N A N A N A 712 712 487 SSRG Holdings, LLC LP interest N A N A N A 6 61 75 Tropical Smoothie Cafe Holdings, LLC+(17) LP interest N A N A N A 5 477 0.1 869 1,562 0.1 1,832 Household Durables Groundworks LLC+(17) LLC interest N A N A N A 155 410 Insurance Captive Resources Midco, LLC+(17) LLC units N A N A N A 425 431 Majesco+ LP interest N A N A N A 307 333 Majesco+ LP interest N A N A N A 69 167 Orchid Underwriters Agency, LLC+(17) LP interest N A N A N A 93 105 98 412 1,029 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 159 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 IT Services Appriss Health Intermediate Holdings, Inc+ Preferred stock N A N A N A 2 1,994 0.1 2,147 Appriss Holdings, Inc.+ Preferred stock N A N A N A 174 204 Arctic Wolfs Networks, Inc. and Arctic Wolf Networks Canada, Inc.+ Preferred stock N A N A N A 587 462 0.2 4,500 Arctic Wolfs Networks, Inc. and Arctic Wolf Networks Canada, Inc.+ Preferred stock N A N A N A 154 423 0.1 1,180 Arctic Wolfs Networks, Inc. and Arctic Wolf Networks Canada, Inc.+ Preferred stock N A N A N A 35 291 301 Arctic Wolfs Networks, Inc. and Arctic Wolf Networks Canada, Inc.+ Warrant N A N A N A 202 159 0.1 1,439 Episerver, Inc.+ Common Stock N A N A N A 75 807 939 Kentik Technologies, Inc.+ Preferred stock N A N A N A 192 1,103 1,103 PCS Intermediate II Holdings, LLC+ LLC interest N A N A N A 37 367 464 Red Dawn SEI Buyer, Inc.+ LP interest N A N A N A 13 13 21 Saturn Borrower Inc.+ LP units N A N A N A 346 346 259 6,139 0.5 12,557 Leisure Products Massage Envy, LLC+ LLC interest N A N A N A 749 210 0.1 1,059 WBZ Investment LLC+ LLC interest N A N A N A 67 117 93 WBZ Investment LLC+ LLC interest N A N A N A 46 80 64 WBZ Investment LLC+ LLC interest N A N A N A 38 65 52 WBZ Investment LLC+ LLC interest N A N A N A 33 58 45 WBZ Investment LLC+ LLC interest N A N A N A 15 24 19 WBZ Investment LLC+ LLC interest N A N A N A 2 2 2 556 0.1 1,334 Life Sciences Tools & Services Pace Analytical Services, LLC+ LLC interest N A N A N A 6 700 1,195 Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels W3 Co.+ LLC interest N A N A N A 3 1,632 0.1 1,587 W3 Co.+ Preferred stock N A N A N A 224 221 1,856 0.1 1,808 Pharmaceuticals Amalthea Parent, Inc.+(8)(12) LP interest N A N A N A 502 502 899 BIOVT, LLC+ LLC interest N A N A N A 1,223 0.1 2,460 1,725 0.1 3,359 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 160 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Professional Services Brandmuscle, Inc.+(17) LLC interest N A N A N A 216 359 DISA Holdings Acquisition Subsidiary Corp.+ Common Stock N A N A N A 154 453 Net Health Acquisition Corp.+ LP interest N A N A N A 13 1,509 0.1 2,047 Nexus Brands Group, Inc.+ LP interest N A N A N A 547 0.1 1,818 Vitalyst, LLC+ Preferred stock N A N A N A 61 96 Vitalyst, LLC+ Common Stock N A N A N A 1 7 2,494 0.2 4,773 Real Estate Management & Development Property Brands, Inc.+ Common Stock N A N A N A 62 434 312 Road & Rail Internet Truckstop Group LLC+ LP interest N A N A N A 408 447 458 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 161 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Software Accela, Inc.+ LLC interest N A N A N A 670 418 202 Aras Corporation+ Preferred stock N A N A N A 1 1,001 1,079 Aras Corporation+ LP interest N A N A N A 306 306 334 Astute Holdings, Inc. + LP interest N A N A N A 293 517 Auvik Networks Inc.+(8)(12) Preferred stock N A N A N A 26 256 256 Calabrio, Inc. + LP interest N A N A N A 1 770 769 Calabrio, Inc. + LP interest N A N A N A 96 0 Cloudbees, Inc.+ Preferred stock N A N A N A 72 466 667 Cloudbees, Inc.+ Warrant N A N A N A 131 247 0.1 906 Digital Guardian, Inc.+ Preferred stock N A N A N A 356 434 519 Digital Guardian, Inc.+ Warrant N A N A N A 122 225 257 Digital Guardian, Inc.+ Preferred stock N A N A N A 74 142 157 Digital Guardian, Inc.+ Preferred stock N A N A N A 67 123 145 Digital Guardian, Inc.+ Warrant N A N A N A 124 33 Diligent Corporation+ Preferred stock N A N A N A 17 16,587 0.7 17,983 Diligent Corporation+ Preferred stock N A N A N A 415 912 0.2 2,828 Everbridge, Inc.+(8) Common Stock N A N A N A 4 444 508 FirstUp, Inc+ Common Stock N A N A N A 221 541 541 GS Acquisitionco, Inc.+ Preferred stock N A N A N A 26 25,344 1.0 25,901 GS Acquisitionco, Inc.+ LP interest N A N A N A 1 170 1,041 MetricStream, Inc.+ Warrant N A N A N A 168 263 196 mParticle, Inc.+ Preferred stock N A N A N A 162 1,060 1,060 mParticle, Inc.+ Warrant N A N A N A 69 16 383 Namely, Inc.+ Warrant N A N A N A 47 314 322 Namely, Inc.+ Warrant N A N A N A 17 28 20 Onapsis, Inc., Virtual Forge GMBH and Onapsis GMBH+ Warrant N A N A N A 4 9 22 Personify, Inc.+ LP interest N A N A N A 716 942 0.1 1,262 Project Alpha Intermediate Holding, Inc.+ Common Stock N A N A N A 964 0.1 1,270 Project Alpha Intermediate Holding, Inc.+ Common Stock N A N A N A 202 329 0.1 1,290 Pyramid Healthcare Acquisition Corp.+ Common Stock N A N A N A 184 184 218 RegEd Aquireco, LLC+ LP interest N A N A N A 331 158 RegEd Aquireco, LLC+ LP interest N A N A N A 3 21 SnapLogic, Inc. Preferred stock N A N A N A 278 695 0.1 1,590 SnapLogic, Inc. Warrant N A N A N A 106 75 417 Spartan Buyer Acquisition Co.+ Common Stock N A N A N A 1 623 714 Telesoft Holdings LLC+ LP interest N A N A N A 6 6 6 Workforce Software, LLC+ Common Stock N A N A N A 973 0.1 1,361 55,545 2.5 64,899 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 162 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Specialty Retail 2nd Ave. LLC+ LP interest N A N A N A 653 653 0.1 1,616 Batteries Plus Holding Corporation+ LP interest N A N A N A 10 1,287 0.1 1,483 Cycle Gear, Inc.+(17) LLC units N A N A N A 27 462 1,056 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ Preferred stock N A N A N A 122 144 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.+ Preferred stock N A N A N A 46 53 Jet Equipment & Tools Ltd.+(8)(9)(12) LLC interest N A N A N A 1 948 0.1 2,777 Pet Holdings ULC+(8)(12) LP interest N A N A N A 677 483 0.1 1,483 PPV Intermediate Holdings II, LLC+ LLC interest N A N A N A 325 315 745 Sola Franchise, LLC and Sola Salon Studios, LLC+ LLC interest N A N A N A 6 682 1,188 Sola Franchise, LLC and Sola Salon Studios, LLC+ LLC interest N A N A N A 2 138 255 Southern Veterinary Partners, LLC+ Preferred stock N A N A N A 3 2,955 0.1 3,374 Southern Veterinary Partners, LLC+ LLC units N A N A N A 717 1,023 Southern Veterinary Partners, LLC+ LLC interest N A N A N A 148 188 0.2 3,276 8,996 0.7 18,473 Technology Hardware, Storage & Peripherals Agility Recovery Solutions Inc.+ LLC interest N A N A N A 97 604 577 Textiles, Apparel & Luxury Goods Elite Sportswear, L.P.+ LLC interest N A N A N A 165 Georgica Pine Clothiers, LLC+ LLC interest N A N A N A 20 239 243 Georgica Pine Clothiers, LLC+ LLC units N A N A N A MakerSights, Inc. + Preferred stock N A N A N A 40 218 232 R.G. Barry Corporation+ Preferred stock N A N A N A 161 158 783 633 Total non-controlled non-affiliate company equity investments 126,279 6.7 173,072 Total non-controlled non-affiliate company investments 4,715,909 4,810,690 186.4 4,815,270 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 163 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Non-controlled affiliate company investments (18) 
 Debt investments Beverages Abita Brewing Co., L.L.C.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 04 2024 5,996 6,004 0.2 5,996 Abita Brewing Co., L.L.C.+ Second lien L + 8.00 (d) 9.00 04 2024 3,321 3,310 0.1 3,321 Abita Brewing Co., L.L.C.+ One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 04 2024 Uinta Brewing Company+(7) One stop L + 4.00 (a) 5.00 11 2021 962 921 55 Uinta Brewing Company+(7) One stop L + 4.00 (a) 5.00 11 2021 571 565 407 10,850 10,800 0.3 9,779 Consumer Finance Paradigm DKD Group, LLC+(7) Senior loan L + 6.25 (c) 7.50 05 2022 3,196 2,084 0.1 2,618 Paradigm DKD Group, LLC+(5)(7) Senior loan L + 6.25 (c) 7.50 05 2022 (142) 5 3,196 1,942 0.1 2,623 Electronic Equipment, Instruments and Components Sloan Company, Inc., The+(7) One stop L + 8.50 (c) 9.50 04 2023 4,708 4,074 0.2 4,125 Sloan Company, Inc., The+ One stop L + 8.50 (c) 9.50 04 2023 714 714 714 Sloan Company, Inc., The+(7) One stop L + 8.50 (c) 9.50 04 2023 312 272 274 5,734 5,060 0.2 5,113 Energy, Equipment & Services Benetech, Inc.+ One stop L + 6.00 (a) 7.25 08 2023 3,761 3,762 0.1 2,257 Benetech, Inc.+ One stop L + 6.00 (a) 7.25 08 2023 626 626 142 4,387 4,388 0.1 2,399 Food and Staples Retailing Rubio's Restaurants, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 8.00 (c) 9.25 12 2024 12,961 12,681 0.5 12,702 Rubio's Restaurants, Inc.+(5) Senior loan L + 8.00 N A(6) 12 2024 (16) (28) 12,961 12,665 0.5 12,674 Healthcare Providers and Services Elite Dental Partners LLC+ One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 06 2023 11,224 11,285 0.5 10,887 Elite Dental Partners LLC+ One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 06 2023 684 684 684 11,908 11,969 0.5 11,571 Software Switchfly LLC+ One stop L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 10 2023 6,168 6,056 0.2 4,504 Switchfly LLC+ One stop L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 10 2023 515 506 376 Switchfly LLC+ One stop L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 10 2023 40 38 28 Switchfly LLC+(5) One stop L + 8.50 (c) 9.50 10 2023 2 2 (21) 6,725 6,602 0.2 4,887 Total non-controlled affiliate debt investments 55,761 53,426 1.9 49,046 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 164 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Equity investments (15)(16) 
 Beverages Abita Brewing Co., L.L.C.+ Warrant N A N A N A 210 733 Uinta Brewing Company Common Stock N A N A N A 153 17 17 733 Consumer Finance Paradigm DKD Group, LLC LLC interest N A N A N A 354 115 4 Paradigm DKD Group, LLC Preferred stock N A N A N A 71 Paradigm DKD Group, LLC Preferred stock N A N A N A 2,004 115 4 Electronic Equipment, Instruments and Components Sloan Company, Inc., The+ Common Stock N A N A N A 41 49 Energy, Equipment & Services Benetech, Inc.+ LLC interest N A N A N A 58 Benetech, Inc.+ LLC interest N A N A N A 58 Food and Staples Retailing Rubio's Restaurants, Inc.+ Preferred stock N A N A N A 2,779 2,276 0.1 2,844 Rubio's Restaurants, Inc.+ Common Stock N A N A N A 886 182 0.1 1,199 Rubio's Restaurants, Inc.+ Common Stock N A N A N A 536 110 0.1 725 Rubio's Restaurants, Inc.+ Common Stock N A N A N A 89 6 72 Rubio's Restaurants, Inc.+ Common Stock N A N A N A 52 3 42 Rubio's Restaurants, Inc.+ Common Stock N A N A N A 21 2 Rubio's Restaurants, Inc.+ Common Stock N A N A N A 21 Rubio's Restaurants, Inc.+ Common Stock N A N A N A 42 Rubio's Restaurants, Inc.+ Common Stock N A N A N A 18 1 Rubio's Restaurants, Inc.+ Common Stock N A N A N A 18 Rubio's Restaurants, Inc.+ Common Stock N A N A N A 89 2,577 0.3 4,885 Healthcare Providers and Services Elite Dental Partners LLC LLC interest N A N A N A 2,902 0.1 3,568 Elite Dental Partners LLC LLC interest N A N A N A 1,250 0.1 1,794 Elite Dental Partners LLC LLC units N A N A N A 19 4,152 0.2 5,381 Software Switchfly LLC+ LLC interest N A N A N A 3,419 2,321 1,281 Total non-controlled affiliate equity investments 9,223 0.5 12,333 Total non-controlled affiliate investments 55,761 62,649 2.4 61,379 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 165 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Controlled affiliate company investments (19) 
 Debt Investments IT Services MMan Acquisition Co. +(7) One stop L + 10.00 (c) 10.00 PIK 08 2023 22,527 19,663 0.6 16,436 MMan Acquisition Co.+ One stop L + 8.00 (e) 8.00 PIK 08 2023 1,468 1,468 0.1 1,468 23,995 21,131 0.7 17,904 Total controlled affiliate debt investments 23,995 21,131 0.7 17,904 Equity Investments (15)(16) 
 IT Services MMan Acquisition Co.+ Common Stock N A N A N A 927 333 927 333 Total controlled affiliate equity investments 927 333 Total controlled affiliate investments 23,995 22,058 0.7 18,237 Total investments 4,795,665 4,895,397 189.5 4,894,886 Money market funds (included in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents) BlackRock Liquidity Funds T-Fund Institutional Shares (CUSIP 09248U718) 0.00 (20) 38,317 1.5 38,317 Total money market funds 38,317 1.5 38,317 Total Investments and Money Market Funds 4,933,714 191.0 4,933,203 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 166 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

Denotes that all or a portion of the loan secures the notes offered in the 2018 Debt Securitization (as defined in Note 7). # 
 Denotes that all or a portion of the loan secures the notes offered in the GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization (as defined in Note 7). + 
 Denotes that all or a portion of the investment collateralizes the JPM Credit Facility (as defined in Note 7). 
 Denotes that all or a portion of the loan collateralizes the MS Credit Facility II (as defined in Note 7). 
 (1) The majority of the investments bear interest at a rate that is permitted to be determined by reference to London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR or L denominated in U.S. dollars or U.K. pound sterling GBP ), Euro Interbank Offered Rate EURIBOR or E ), Prime P ), Sterling Overnight Index Average SONIA or SN ), Australian Interbank Rate AUD or A ), Canadian Bankers Acceptance Rate CDOR or C ), or Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR or SF which reset daily, monthly, quarterly, semiannually, or annually. For each, the Company has provided the spread over the applicable index and the weighted average current interest rate in effect as of September 30, 2021. Certain investments are subject to an interest rate floor. For fixed rate loans, a spread above a reference rate is not applicable. For positions with multiple outstanding contracts, the spread for the largest outstanding contract is shown. Listed below are the index rates as of September 30, 2021, which was the last business day of the period on which the applicable index rates were determined. The actual index rate for each loan listed may not be the applicable index rate outstanding as of September 30, 2021, as the loan may have priced or repriced based on an index rate prior to September 30, 2021. 
 (a) Denotes that all or a portion of the loan was indexed to the 30-day LIBOR, which was 0.08 as of September 30, 2021. 
 (b) Denotes that all or a portion of the loan was indexed to the 60-day LIBOR, which was 0.11 as of September 30, 2021. 
 (c) Denotes that all or a portion of the loan was indexed to the 90-day LIBOR, which was 0.13 as of September 30, 2021. 
 (d) Denotes that all or a portion of the loan was indexed to the 180-day LIBOR, which was 0.16 as of September 30, 2021. 
 (e) Denotes that all or a portion of the loan was indexed to the 360-day LIBOR, which was 0.24 as of September 30, 2021. 
 (f) Denotes that all or a portion of the loan was indexed to the Prime rate, which was 3.25 as of September 30, 2021. 
 (g) Denotes that all or a portion of the loan was indexed to the 90-day EURIBOR, which was -0.56 as of September 30, 2021. 
 (h) Denotes that all or a portion of the loan was indexed to the 180-day EURIBOR, which was -0.53 as of September 30, 2021. 
 (i) Denotes that all or a portion of the loan was indexed to the 90-day GBP LIBOR, which was 0.08 as of September 30, 2021. 
 (j) Denotes that all or a portion of the loan was indexed to the 180-day GBP LIBOR, which was 0.17 as of September 30, 2021. 
 (k) Denotes that all or a portion of the loan was indexed to the Australia Three Month Interbank Rate, which was 0.07 as of September 30, 2021. 
 (l) Denotes that all or a portion of the loan was indexed to the 30-day Canadian Bankers' Acceptance Rate, which was 0.43 as of September 30, 2021. 
 (m) Denotes that all or a portion of the loan was indexed to the 90-day Canadian Bankers' Acceptance Rate, which was 0.45 as of September 30, 2021. 
 (n) Denotes that all or a portion of the loan was indexed to the Sterling Overnight Index Average, which was 0.05 as of September 30, 2021. 
 (o) Denotes that all or a portion of the loan was indexed to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, which was 0.05 as of September 30, 2021. 
 (2) For positions with multiple interest rate contracts, the interest rate shown is a weighted average current interest rate in effect as of September 30, 2021. 
 (3) The total principal amount is presented for debt investments while the number of shares or units owned is presented for equity investments. 
 (4) The fair values of substantially all investments were valued using significant unobservable inputs. See Note 6. Fair Value Measurements. 
 (5) The negative fair value is the result of the capitalized discount on the loan or the unfunded commitment being valued below par. The negative amortized cost is the result of the capitalized discount being greater than the principal amount outstanding on the loan. 
 (6) The entire commitment was unfunded as of September 30, 2021. As such, no interest is being earned on this investment. The investment may be subject to an unused facility fee. 
 (7) Loan was on non-accrual status as of September 30, 2021, meaning that the Company has ceased recognizing interest income on the loan. 
 (8) The investment is treated as a non-qualifying asset under Section 55(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). Under the 1940 Act, the Company can not acquire any non-qualifying asset unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the Company's total assets. As of September 30, 2021, total non-qualifying assets at fair value represented 10.1 of the Company's total assets calculated in accordance with the 1940 Act. 
 (9) Investment is denominated in foreign currency and is translated into U.S. dollars as of the valuation date or the date of the transaction. See Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Updates - Foreign Currency Transactions. 
 (10) The headquarters of this portfolio company is located in the United Kingdom. 
 (11) The headquarters of this portfolio company is located in Australia. 
 (12) The headquarters of this portfolio company is located in Canada. 
 (13) The headquarters of this portfolio company is located in Luxembourg. 
 (14) The headquarters of this portfolio company is located in Netherlands. 
 (15) Equity investments are non-income producing securities unless otherwise noted. 
 (16) Ownership of certain equity investments occurs through a holding company or partnership. 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 167 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 (17) The Company holds an equity investment that entitles it to receive preferential dividends. 
 (18) As defined in the 1940 Act, the Company is deemed to be an affiliated person of the portfolio company as the Company owns five percent or more of the portfolio company's voting securities non-controlled affiliate ). Transactions related to investments in non-controlled affiliates for the year ended September 30, 2021 were as follows Portfolio Company 
 Fair value as of September 30, 2020 Gross Additions (a) 
 Gross Reductions (b) 
 Net change in unrealized gain (loss) Net realized gain (loss) Fair value as of September 30, 2021 Interest, dividend and fee income Abita Brewing Co. LLC (c) 
 27,863 (20,062) 2,249 10,050 931 Benetech, Inc. 
 2,672 410 (795) 112 2,399 349 Dental Holdings Corporation 
 9,320 561 (13,657) 1,792 1,984 462 Elite Dental Partners LLC 15,368 668 (75) 991 16,952 955 Paradigm DKD Group, LLC 2,460 1,196 (1,215) 186 2,627 19 Rubio's Restaurants, Inc (d) 
 28,760 (16,470) 11,008 (5,739) 17,559 1,792 Sloan Company, Inc., The 
 4,365 637 (574) 900 (166) 5,162 67 Switchfly LLC 
 7,229 453 (1,514) 6,168 469 Uinta Brewing Company 
 586 266 (209) (181) 462 (3) Total Non-Controlled Affiliates 
 42,000 60,814 (53,057) 15,543 (3,921) 61,379 5,041 
 (a) 
 Gross additions may include increases in the cost basis of investments resulting from new investments, amounts related to payment-in-kind PIK interest capitalized and added to the principal balance of the respective loans, the accretion of discounts, the exchange of one or more existing investments for one or more new investments and the movement of an existing portfolio company into this affiliated category from a different category. 
 (b) 
 Gross reductions may include decreases in the cost basis of investments resulting from principal collections related to investment repayments and sales, the amortization of premiums, the reversal of capitalized PIK for non-accrual positions and the exchange of one or more existing securities for one or more new securities. (c) 
 During the three months ended September 31, 2021, the Company's ownership increased to over five percent of the portfolio company's voting securities. (d) 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2020, the Company's ownership increased to over five percent of the portfolio company's voting securities. 
 (19) As defined in the 1940 Act, the Company is deemed to be both an affiliated person of and control this portfolio company as the Company owns more than 25 of the portfolio company's outstanding voting securities or has the power to exercise control over management or policies of such portfolio company (including through a management agreement) controlled affiliate ). Transactions related to investments in controlled affiliates for the year ended September 30, 2021 were as follows Portfolio Company 
 Fair value as of September 30, 2020 Gross Additions (a) 
 Gross Reductions (b) 
 Net change in unrealized gain (loss) Net realized gain (loss) Fair value as of September 30, 2021 Interest, dividend and fee income MMan Acquisition Co. 18,736 5,023 (5,023) (499) 18,237 (12) Total Controlled Affiliates 
 18,736 5,023 (5,023) (499) 18,237 (12) 
 (a) 
 Gross additions may include increases in the cost basis of investments resulting from new investments, amounts related to PIK interest capitalized and added to the principal balance of the respective loans, the accretion of discounts, the exchange of one or more existing investments for one or more new investments and the movement of an existing portfolio company into this affiliated category from a different category. (b) 
 Gross reductions may include decreases in the cost basis of investments resulting from principal collections related to investment repayments or sales, the amortization of premiums, the reversal of capitalized PIK for non-accrual positions and the exchange of one or more existing securities for one or more new securities. 
 (20) The rate shown is the annualized seven-day yield as of September 30, 2021. 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 168 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Investments Non-controlled non-affiliate company investments Debt investments Aerospace and Defense NTS Technical Systems # One stop L + 6.00 (c) 
 7.00 06 2021 25,330 25,312 1.0 25,330 NTS Technical Systems One stop L + 6.00 (c) 
 7.00 06 2021 4,150 4,147 0.2 4,150 NTS Technical Systems(5) One stop L + 6.00 N A(6) 
 06 2021 (17) Tronair Parent, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 4.75 (c) 
 5.75 09 2023 718 711 638 Tronair Parent, Inc. Senior loan L + 4.50 (c)(f) 
 4.73 09 2021 160 159 152 Whitcraft LLC #+ One stop L + 6.00 (c) 
 7.00 04 2023 63,896 64,289 2.5 58,785 Whitcraft LLC One stop L + 6.00 (c) 
 7.00 04 2023 120 118 96 94,374 94,719 3.7 89,151 Airlines Aurora Lux Finco S.A.R.L.!(8)(13) 
 One stop L + 6.00 (c) 
 7.00 12 2026 995 973 896 Auto Components Polk Acquisition Corp. # Senior loan L + 6.50 (a) 
 3.50 cash 4.00 PIK 12 2023 18,042 17,859 0.7 16,599 Polk Acquisition Corp. Senior loan L + 6.50 (a) 
 3.50 cash 4.00 PIK 12 2023 106 104 98 Polk Acquisition Corp. Senior loan L + 6.50 (a) 
 3.50 cash 4.00 PIK 12 2023 22 21 10 Power Stop, LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (a) 
 4.65 10 2025 2,842 2,896 0.1 2,785 21,012 20,880 0.8 19,492 Automobiles Grease Monkey International, LLC #+ Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 
 6.00 11 2022 8,672 8,733 0.4 8,672 Grease Monkey International, LLC! Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 
 6.00 11 2022 2,370 2,437 0.1 2,370 Grease Monkey International, LLC# Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 
 6.00 11 2022 1,203 1,238 0.1 1,203 Grease Monkey International, LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 
 6.00 11 2022 1,089 1,119 1,089 Grease Monkey International, LLC Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 
 6.00 11 2022 995 997 995 Grease Monkey International, LLC Senior loan L + 5.00 N A(6) 
 11 2022 1 Grease Monkey International, LLC Senior loan L + 5.00 N A(6) 
 11 2022 JHCC Holdings LLC One stop L + 5.50 (c) 
 6.50 09 2025 15,630 15,373 0.7 15,630 JHCC Holdings LLC One stop L + 5.50 (c) 
 6.50 09 2025 79 76 79 JHCC Holdings LLC One stop P + 4.50 (c)(f) 
 7.55 09 2025 31 30 31 Quick Quack Car Wash Holdings, LLC # One stop L + 6.50 (d) 
 7.50 04 2023 13,084 13,176 0.5 13,084 Quick Quack Car Wash Holdings, LLC# One stop L + 6.50 (c)(d) 
 7.50 04 2023 2,360 2,343 0.1 2,360 Quick Quack Car Wash Holdings, LLC + One stop L + 6.50 (d) 
 7.50 04 2023 2,062 2,124 0.1 2,062 Quick Quack Car Wash Holdings, LLC + One stop L + 6.50 (d) 
 7.50 04 2023 1,378 1,420 0.1 1,378 Quick Quack Car Wash Holdings, LLC One stop L + 6.50 (d) 
 7.50 04 2023 1,122 1,176 1,122 Quick Quack Car Wash Holdings, LLC One stop L + 6.50 N A(6) 
 04 2023 1 50,075 50,244 2.1 50,075 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 169 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Beverages Abita Brewing Co., L.L.C.+(7) One stop L + 8.00 (c) 9.00 04 2021 9,983 9,992 0.4 8,485 Abita Brewing Co., L.L.C.(7) One stop L + 8.00 (c) 9.00 04 2021 40 40 34 Fintech Midco, LLC #! One stop L + 5.00 (a) 6.00 08 2024 24,411 24,756 1.0 23,679 Fintech Midco, LLC# One stop L + 5.00 (a) 6.00 08 2024 1,131 1,168 1,096 Fintech Midco, LLC(5) One stop L + 5.00 N A(6) 08 2024 (1) (6) 35,565 35,955 1.4 33,288 Biotechnology BIO18 Borrower, LLC! One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 11 2024 11,075 11,111 0.4 11,075 BIO18 Borrower, LLC # One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 11 2024 3,963 3,928 0.2 3,963 BIO18 Borrower, LLC One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 11 2024 210 210 210 BIO18 Borrower, LLC(5) One stop L + 5.25 N A(6) 11 2024 (1) 15,248 15,248 0.6 15,248 Building Products Brooks Equipment Company, LLC # One stop L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 05 2021 23,722 23,640 1.0 23,722 Brooks Equipment Company, LLC(5) One stop L + 5.00 N A(6) 05 2021 (9) Jensen Hughes, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c)(f) 5.50 03 2024 4,191 4,191 0.2 4,066 Jensen Hughes, Inc. Senior loan L + 4.50 (c)(f) 5.50 03 2024 1,065 1,098 1,021 Jensen Hughes, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c)(f) 5.50 03 2024 913 927 0.1 886 Jensen Hughes, Inc. Senior loan L + 4.50 (c)(f) 5.50 03 2024 439 453 426 Jensen Hughes, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c)(f) 5.50 03 2024 279 283 271 Jensen Hughes, Inc. Senior loan L + 4.50 (c)(f) 5.50 03 2024 218 218 212 Jensen Hughes, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c)(f) 5.50 03 2024 117 117 113 30,944 30,918 1.3 30,717 Chemicals Inhance Technologies Holdings LLC# One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 07 2024 12,703 12,822 0.5 12,005 Inhance Technologies Holdings LLC One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 07 2024 1,929 1,917 0.1 1,824 Inhance Technologies Holdings LLC One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 07 2024 80 80 68 14,712 14,819 0.6 13,897 Commercial Services & Supplies Bazaarvoice, Inc. #+ One stop L + 5.75 (a)(c) 6.75 02 2024 48,127 48,873 2.0 48,127 Bazaarvoice, Inc. One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 02 2024 300 297 300 EGD Security Systems, LLC # One stop L + 5.65 (c) 6.65 06 2023 30,092 30,453 1.3 30,092 EGD Security Systems, LLC One stop L + 5.65 (c) 6.65 06 2023 1,258 1,257 0.1 1,258 EGD Security Systems, LLC# One stop L + 5.65 (c) 6.65 06 2023 644 663 644 EGD Security Systems, LLC# One stop L + 5.65 (c) 6.65 06 2023 575 571 575 EGD Security Systems, LLC One stop L + 5.65 (c) 6.65 06 2023 70 69 70 EGD Security Systems, LLC(5) One stop L + 5.65 N A(6) 06 2023 (38) Hydraulic Authority III Limited (8)(9)(10) One stop L + 6.00 (h)(i) 7.00 11 2025 12,277 12,484 0.5 12,344 Hydraulic Authority III Limited(8)(9)(10) One stop N A 11.00 PIK 11 2028 199 203 204 Hydraulic Authority III Limited(8)(9)(10) One stop L + 6.00 (d) 7.00 11 2025 33 32 36 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 170 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Commercial Services & Supplies - (continued) MSHC, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 4.25 (c)(f) 5.25 12 2024 343 340 343 MSHC, Inc. Senior loan L + 4.25 (a)(f) 5.25 12 2024 9 9 9 PT Intermediate Holdings III, LLC+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 10 2025 29,776 29,385 1.2 27,988 WRE Holding Corp. # Senior loan L + 5.25 (b)(c) 6.25 01 2023 2,276 2,312 0.1 2,276 WRE Holding Corp. Senior loan L + 5.25 (b)(c) 6.25 01 2023 940 967 0.1 940 WRE Holding Corp. Senior loan L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 01 2023 688 687 688 WRE Holding Corp. Senior loan L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 01 2023 408 408 408 WRE Holding Corp. Senior loan L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 01 2023 23 23 23 WRE Holding Corp. Senior loan L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 01 2023 14 13 14 WRE Holding Corp. Senior loan L + 5.25 N A(6) 01 2023 9 128,052 129,017 5.3 126,339 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 171 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Construction & Engineering Reladyne, Inc. # Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 6.09 07 2022 32,863 33,081 1.3 32,206 Reladyne, Inc. Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 6.09 07 2022 3,482 3,541 0.1 3,412 Reladyne, Inc. Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 6.06 07 2022 2,754 2,800 0.1 2,699 Reladyne, Inc.# Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 6.09 07 2022 1,885 1,916 0.1 1,847 Reladyne, Inc.# Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 6.09 07 2022 1,624 1,652 0.1 1,592 Reladyne, Inc.# Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 6.09 07 2022 1,545 1,587 0.1 1,514 Reladyne, Inc.# Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 6.09 07 2022 742 753 726 44,895 45,330 1.8 43,996 Containers & Packaging AmerCareRoyal LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.00 (a) 6.00 11 2025 822 815 0.1 806 AmerCareRoyal LLC+(8) Senior loan L + 5.00 (a) 6.00 11 2025 152 151 149 Fortis Solutions Group LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.00 (a) 6.00 12 2023 1,586 1,573 0.1 1,586 Fortis Solutions Group LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.00 (a) 6.00 12 2023 632 626 632 Fortis Solutions Group LLC+ Senior loan L + 5.00 (a) 6.00 12 2023 607 602 607 Fortis Solutions Group LLC Senior loan L + 5.00 N A(6) 12 2023 Plano Molding Company, LLC+ One stop L + 9.00 (c) 8.50 cash 1.50 PIK 05 2022 14,634 14,585 0.5 11,707 Plano Molding Company, LLC One stop L + 9.00 (c) 8.50 cash 1.50 PIK 05 2022 1,182 1,171 1,182 19,615 19,523 0.7 16,669 Distributors PetroChoice Holdings, Inc.# Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 08 2022 3,276 3,282 0.1 3,046 Diversified Consumer Services EWC Growth Partners LLC One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 03 2026 914 897 0.1 795 EWC Growth Partners LLC One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 03 2026 30 29 26 EWC Growth Partners LLC One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 03 2026 18 18 15 Excelligence Learning Corporation# One stop L + 7.00 (c) 8.00 04 2023 10,347 10,088 0.3 7,760 Learn-it Systems, LLC! Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 5.00 cash 0.50 PIK 03 2025 2,545 2,594 0.1 2,494 Learn-it Systems, LLC Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 5.00 cash 0.50 PIK 03 2025 345 344 338 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 172 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Diversified Consumer Services - (continued) Learn-it Systems, LLC Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) N A(6) 03 2025 Litera Bidco LLC+ One stop L + 5.25 (a) 6.25 05 2026 3,749 3,771 0.2 3,749 Litera Bidco LLC One stop L + 5.25 (a) 6.25 05 2026 702 728 702 Litera Bidco LLC One stop L + 5.25 (a) 6.25 05 2026 702 728 702 Litera Bidco LLC One stop L + 5.25 (a) 6.25 05 2025 16 15 16 PADI Holdco, Inc. # One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 04 2024 21,763 21,958 0.8 18,498 PADI Holdco, Inc.+ (8)(9) One stop E + 5.75 (g) 5.75 04 2024 20,675 20,964 0.7 17,608 PADI Holdco, Inc. One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 04 2024 801 795 681 PADI Holdco, Inc. One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 04 2023 298 298 254 PADI Holdco, Inc. One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 04 2024 166 164 141 63,071 63,391 2.2 53,779 Diversified Financial Services Institutional Shareholder Services ! Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 4.72 03 2026 18,775 19,161 0.8 18,775 Institutional Shareholder Services Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 4.72 03 2024 150 147 150 Sovos Compliance + One stop L + 4.75 (a) 5.75 04 2024 19,614 20,156 0.8 19,221 Sovos Compliance! Second lien N A 12.00 PIK 04 2025 8,947 9,187 0.4 8,947 Sovos Compliance One stop L + 4.75 (a) 5.75 04 2024 4,322 4,236 0.2 4,235 Sovos Compliance # One stop L + 4.75 (a) 5.75 04 2024 1,903 1,956 0.1 1,864 Sovos Compliance Second lien N A 12.00 PIK 04 2025 1,222 1,261 1,222 Sovos Compliance # One stop L + 4.75 (a) 5.75 04 2024 768 789 752 Sovos Compliance One stop L + 4.75 (a) 5.75 04 2024 85 83 83 Sovos Compliance(5) One stop L + 4.75 N A(6) 04 2024 (1) (4) Sovos Compliance(5) One stop L + 4.75 N A(6) 04 2024 (22) (22) 55,786 56,953 2.3 55,223 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 173 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Electric Utilities Arcos, LLC# One stop L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 02 2021 13,228 13,311 0.6 13,228 Arcos, LLC One stop L + 5.00 N A(6) 02 2021 13,228 13,311 0.6 13,228 Electronic Equipment, Instruments & Components CST Buyer Company+ One stop L + 5.25 (a) 6.25 10 2025 10,189 10,106 0.4 10,189 CST Buyer Company One stop L + 5.25 N A(6) 10 2025 ES Acquisition LLC Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 11 2025 662 650 660 ES Acquisition, LLC Senior loan L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 11 2025 89 87 91 ES Acquisition, LLC Senior loan L + 5.00 (d) 6.22 11 2025 47 46 47 ES Acquisition LLC Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 11 2025 45 44 45 ES Acquisition LLC Second lien L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 11 2025 36 36 36 ES Acquisition LLC(5) Senior loan L + 5.00 N A(6) 11 2025 (1) Inventus Power, Inc. + One stop L + 5.50 (a) 6.50 04 2021 14,352 13,988 0.6 14,352 Inventus Power, Inc.(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 04 2021 (16) Pasternack Enterprises, Inc. and Fairview Microwave, Inc+ Senior loan L + 4.00 (a) 4.15 07 2025 23,638 23,862 1.0 23,165 Pasternack Enterprises, Inc. and Fairview Microwave, Inc(5) Senior loan L + 4.00 N A(6) 07 2023 (2) Watchfire Enterprises, Inc. Second lien L + 8.00 (a) 9.00 10 2021 9,435 9,402 0.4 9,435 58,493 58,204 2.4 58,018 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 174 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Food & Staples Retailing Cafe Rio Holding, Inc.# One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 09 2023 18,610 18,806 0.8 18,237 Cafe Rio Holding, Inc. One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 09 2023 2,420 2,419 0.1 2,354 Cafe Rio Holding, Inc.# One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 09 2023 2,248 2,320 0.1 2,203 Cafe Rio Holding, Inc. # One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 09 2023 1,427 1,472 0.1 1,399 Cafe Rio Holding, Inc.# One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 09 2023 1,260 1,300 0.1 1,235 Cafe Rio Holding, Inc. One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 09 2023 181 181 178 Cafe Rio Holding, Inc.(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 09 2023 (6) Captain D's, LLC# Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 12 2023 13,962 14,006 0.6 13,962 Captain D's, LLC Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 12 2023 120 121 120 Feeders Supply Company, LLC# One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 04 2021 8,564 8,619 0.4 8,564 Feeders Supply Company, LLC Subordinated debt N A 12.50 cash 7.00 PIK 04 2021 153 154 153 Feeders Supply Company, LLC One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 04 2021 FWR Holding Corporation# One stop L + 7.00 (c) 6.50 cash 1.50 PIK 08 2023 10,385 10,368 0.4 9,867 FWR Holding Corporation# One stop L + 7.00 (c) 6.50 cash 1.50 PIK 08 2023 1,816 1,874 0.1 1,726 FWR Holding Corporation# One stop L + 7.00 (c) 6.50 cash 1.50 PIK 08 2023 1,148 1,185 0.1 1,091 FWR Holding Corporation# One stop L + 7.00 (c) 6.50 cash 1.50 PIK 08 2023 364 373 346 FWR Holding Corporation One stop L + 7.00 (c) 6.50 cash 1.50 PIK 08 2023 274 273 260 FWR Holding Corporation# One stop L + 7.00 (c) 6.50 cash 1.50 PIK 08 2023 272 279 259 FWR Holding Corporation One stop L + 7.00 (c)(d) 6.50 cash 1.50 PIK 08 2023 131 130 125 FWR Holding Corporation(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 08 2023 (6) FWR Holding Corporation One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 08 2023 Mendocino Farms, LLC One stop L + 8.50 (a) 2.00 cash 7.50 PIK 06 2023 820 843 820 Mendocino Farms, LLC One stop L + 8.50 (a) 2.00 cash 7.50 PIK 06 2023 645 663 645 Mendocino Farms, LLC One stop L + 8.50 (a) 2.00 cash 7.50 PIK 06 2023 633 630 633 Mendocino Farms, LLC One stop L + 8.50 (a) 2.00 cash 7.50 PIK 06 2023 311 310 311 Mendocino Farms, LLC One stop L + 8.50 (a) 2.00 cash 7.50 PIK 06 2023 311 309 311 Mendocino Farms, LLC One stop L + 8.50 (a) 2.00 cash 7.50 PIK 06 2023 153 153 153 Mendocino Farms, LLC One stop L + 8.50 (a) 2.00 cash 7.50 PIK 06 2023 93 93 93 Mendocino Farms, LLC(5) One stop L + 8.50 N A(6) 06 2023 (2) NBC Intermediate, LLC Senior loan L + 4.25 (c) 5.25 09 2023 4,589 4,579 0.2 4,589 NBC Intermediate, LLC # Senior loan L + 4.25 (c) 5.25 09 2023 2,309 2,337 0.1 2,309 NBC Intermediate, LLC# Senior loan L + 4.25 (a)(c) 5.25 09 2023 1,963 2,019 0.1 1,963 NBC Intermediate, LLC# Senior loan L + 4.25 (a) 5.25 09 2023 667 662 667 NBC Intermediate, LLC Senior loan L + 4.25 N A(6) 09 2023 Rubio's Restaurants, Inc.(7) Senior loan L + 11.50 (c) 8.75 cash 4.00 PIK 04 2021 17,898 17,678 0.4 10,004 Rubio's Restaurants, Inc.(5)(7) Senior loan L + 11.50 (a)(c) 8.75 cash 4.00 PIK 04 2021 71 68 (5) Ruby Slipper Cafe LLC, The One stop L + 8.50 (c) 8.50 cash 1.00 PIK 01 2023 2,046 2,039 0.1 1,801 Ruby Slipper Cafe LLC, The One stop L + 8.50 (c) 8.50 cash 1.00 PIK 01 2023 414 427 365 Ruby Slipper Cafe LLC, The One stop L + 8.50 (c) 8.50 cash 1.00 PIK 01 2023 30 30 27 Wetzel's Pretzels, LLC # One stop L + 7.25 (c) 7.75 cash 0.50 PIK 09 2021 16,955 17,094 0.7 16,107 Wetzel's Pretzels, LLC One stop L + 7.25 (c) 7.75 cash 0.50 PIK 09 2021 100 101 96 Wood Fired Holding Corp. # One stop L + 7.75 (c) 6.75 cash 2.00 PIK 12 2023 14,103 14,310 0.5 12,970 Wood Fired Holding Corp. One stop L + 7.75 (c) 6.75 cash 2.00 PIK 12 2023 698 698 642 Wood Fired Holding Corp. One stop L + 7.75 (c) 6.75 cash 2.00 PIK 12 2023 200 199 184 128,344 129,120 4.9 116,752 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 175 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Food Products Flavor Producers, LLC# Senior loan L + 5.75 (c) 5.75 cash 1.00 PIK 12 2023 5,006 4,898 0.2 4,605 Flavor Producers, LLC(5) Senior loan L + 5.75 (c) 5.75 cash 1.00 PIK 12 2022 4 (1) Global ID Corporation #+ One stop L + 6.50 (c) 6.72 11 2025 19,197 18,995 0.8 18,910 Global ID Corporation(5) One stop L + 6.50 N A(6) 11 2025 (2) (1) Global ID Corporation(5) One stop L + 6.50 N A(6) 11 2025 (4) (5) Mid-America Pet Food, L.L.C. # One stop L + 5.50 (b) 6.50 12 2021 22,120 22,385 0.9 22,120 Mid-America Pet Food, L.L.C. One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 12 2021 Purfoods, LLC One stop N A 7.00 PIK 05 2026 76 80 76 Teasdale Quality Foods, Inc. Senior loan L + 5.25 (a) 6.25 04 2021 3,798 3,769 0.2 3,722 Teasdale Quality Foods, Inc. Senior loan L + 5.25 (a) 6.25 04 2021 3,071 3,048 0.1 3,010 Teasdale Quality Foods, Inc. Senior loan L + 5.25 (a) 6.25 04 2021 494 491 485 Teasdale Quality Foods, Inc. Senior loan L + 5.25 (a) 6.25 04 2021 370 366 362 Teasdale Quality Foods, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 5.25 (a) 6.25 04 2021 251 251 246 Teasdale Quality Foods, Inc. Senior loan L + 5.25 (a) 6.25 04 2021 184 182 180 54,571 54,458 2.2 53,710 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 176 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Health Care Technology Caliper Software, Inc.#! One stop L + 5.50 (c) 5.72 11 2025 27,934 28,374 1.1 26,785 Caliper Software, Inc. One stop L + 6.00 (c) 6.23 11 2025 1,503 1,473 0.1 1,474 Caliper Software, Inc.(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 11 2023 1 (10) Connexin Software, Inc.! One stop L + 8.50 (a) 9.50 02 2024 7,550 7,617 0.3 7,550 Connexin Software, Inc. One stop L + 8.50 N A(6) 02 2024 HealthcareSource HR, Inc. # One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2023 33,662 33,692 1.4 33,662 HealthcareSource HR, Inc.(5) One stop L + 6.25 N A(6) 05 2023 (1) HealthEdge Software, Inc. One stop L + 6.25 (a) 7.25 04 2026 2,000 1,959 0.1 2,000 HealthEdge Software, Inc. One stop L + 6.25 (a) 7.25 04 2026 151 148 151 HealthEdge Software, Inc.(5) One stop L + 6.25 N A(6) 04 2026 (1) HSI Halo Acquisition, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 08 2026 6,330 6,289 0.3 6,266 HSI Halo Acquisition, Inc. One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 08 2026 648 642 641 HSI Halo Acquisition, Inc. One stop P + 4.75 (f) 8.00 09 2025 35 34 35 Imprivata, Inc. # Senior loan L + 4.00 (c) 5.00 10 2023 9,163 9,345 0.4 9,163 Imprivata, Inc.(5) Senior loan L + 4.00 N A(6) 10 2023 (1) Kareo, Inc. One stop L + 9.00 (a) 10.00 06 2022 10,273 10,387 0.4 10,360 Kareo, Inc.! One stop L + 9.00 (a) 10.00 06 2022 941 955 949 Kareo, Inc. One stop L + 9.00 (a) 10.00 06 2022 753 765 759 Kareo, Inc. One stop P + 8.00 (f) 11.25 06 2022 80 80 80 Netsmart Technologies, Inc.(5) Senior loan L + 4.75 N A(6) 04 2021 (1) (2) Nextech Holdings, LLC One stop L + 5.50 (c) 5.76 06 2025 4,012 4,078 0.2 3,851 Nextech Holdings, LLC One stop L + 5.50 (c) 5.76 06 2025 1,957 1,941 0.1 1,878 Nextech Holdings, LLC One stop L + 5.50 (c) 5.76 06 2025 500 497 476 Nextech Holdings, LLC(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 06 2025 (3) (16) Qgenda Intermediate Holdings, LLC One stop L + 4.75 (c) 5.75 06 2025 15,277 15,296 0.6 15,277 Qgenda Intermediate Holdings, LLC One stop L + 4.75 (c) 5.75 06 2025 993 984 993 Qgenda Intermediate Holdings, LLC(5) One stop L + 4.75 N A(6) 06 2025 (2) Transaction Data Systems, Inc. #+! One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 06 2021 83,477 84,279 3.5 82,644 Transaction Data Systems, Inc. One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 06 2021 300 301 296 Verisys Corporation # One stop L + 8.25 (c) 8.75 cash 0.50 PIK 01 2023 8,494 8,599 0.4 8,324 Verisys Corporation One stop L + 8.25 (c) 8.75 cash 0.50 PIK 01 2023 40 40 40 216,073 217,767 8.9 213,626 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 177 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Healthcare Equipment & Supplies Aspen Medical Products, LLC+ One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.45 06 2025 4,532 4,600 0.2 4,487 Aspen Medical Products, LLC One stop L + 5.25 N A(6) 06 2025 Belmont Instrument, LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.75 (c) 4.97 12 2023 5,257 5,212 0.2 5,257 Blades Buyer, Inc. Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 08 2025 3,820 3,838 0.2 3,820 Blades Buyer, Inc. Senior loan L + 4.50 (d) 5.50 08 2025 976 970 976 Blades Buyer, Inc. Senior loan L + 4.50 N A(6) 08 2025 Blue River Pet Care, LLC#+ One stop L + 5.00 (a) 5.15 07 2026 27,690 27,744 1.2 27,690 Blue River Pet Care, LLC One stop L + 5.00 (a) 5.15 07 2026 2,756 2,666 0.1 2,756 Blue River Pet Care, LLC(5) One stop L + 5.00 N A(6) 08 2025 (4) CMI Parent Inc.#+ Senior loan L + 4.25 (c) 5.25 08 2025 6,634 6,760 0.3 6,434 CMI Parent Inc.(5) Senior loan L + 4.25 N A(6) 08 2025 (2) (10) Flexan, LLC+ One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 02 2022 8,450 8,401 0.4 8,450 Flexan, LLC # One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 02 2022 3,273 3,254 0.1 3,273 Flexan, LLC+ One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 02 2022 2,347 2,334 0.1 2,347 Flexan, LLC# One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 02 2022 1,540 1,531 0.1 1,540 Flexan, LLC(5) One stop L + 5.25 N A(6) 02 2022 (6) G & H Wire Company, Inc.# One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 09 2023 11,149 11,149 0.4 10,481 G & H Wire Company, Inc. One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 09 2022 140 140 132 Joerns Healthcare, LLC One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 08 2024 1,873 1,827 0.1 1,833 Joerns Healthcare, LLC One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 08 2024 1,800 1,771 0.1 1,764 Katena Holdings, Inc.# One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 06 2021 12,728 12,797 0.5 12,474 Katena Holdings, Inc.# One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 06 2021 1,244 1,250 0.1 1,218 Katena Holdings, Inc.+ One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 06 2021 930 925 911 Katena Holdings, Inc.# One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 06 2021 851 855 834 Katena Holdings, Inc. One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 06 2021 200 201 196 Lombart Brothers, Inc. # One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 04 2023 28,950 29,267 1.1 27,503 Lombart Brothers, Inc.#(8) One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 04 2023 3,117 3,153 0.1 2,961 Lombart Brothers, Inc. One stop L + 6.25 (a) 7.25 04 2023 280 280 266 Lombart Brothers, Inc.(8) One stop L + 6.25 (a) 7.25 04 2023 50 49 46 ONsite Mammography, LLC One stop L + 7.00 (c) 8.00 11 2023 7,650 7,687 0.3 7,496 ONsite Mammography, LLC One stop L + 7.00 (c) 8.00 11 2023 100 102 98 ONsite Mammography, LLC One stop L + 7.00 (c) 8.00 11 2023 29 28 28 Orthotics Holdings, Inc. # One stop L + 6.00 (e) 7.00 06 2021 7,760 7,760 0.3 7,604 Orthotics Holdings, Inc. # One stop L + 16.00 (c) 7.00 cash 10.00 PIK 06 2021 3,894 3,894 0.2 3,621 Orthotics Holdings, Inc. #(8) One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 06 2021 1,272 1,272 0.1 1,246 Orthotics Holdings, Inc. #(8) One stop L + 16.00 (c) 7.00 cash 10.00 PIK 06 2021 638 639 593 Orthotics Holdings, Inc. One stop L + 6.00 N A(6) 06 2021 SLMP, LLC# One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 05 2023 11,764 11,841 0.5 11,764 SLMP, LLC# One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 05 2023 5,664 5,844 0.2 5,664 SLMP, LLC One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 05 2023 1,473 1,473 0.1 1,473 SLMP, LLC Subordinated debt N A 7.50 PIK 05 2027 237 242 237 SLMP, LLC(5) One stop L + 6.00 N A(6) 05 2023 (1) 171,068 171,743 7.0 167,463 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 178 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Healthcare Providers & Services Active Day, Inc.# One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 12 2021 24,567 24,757 0.9 20,883 Active Day, Inc.# One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 12 2021 1,896 1,912 0.1 1,611 Active Day, Inc. # One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 12 2021 1,222 1,233 0.1 1,038 Active Day, Inc. One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 12 2021 973 995 827 Active Day, Inc. One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 12 2021 859 854 730 Active Day, Inc. # One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 12 2021 843 851 717 Active Day, Inc. One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 12 2021 102 102 86 Active Day, Inc. One stop L + 6.50 (c) N A(6) 12 2021 Acuity Eyecare Holdings, LLC One stop L + 8.25 (c) 7.25 cash 2.00 PIK 03 2024 7,148 7,178 0.3 7,112 Acuity Eyecare Holdings, LLC# One stop L + 8.25 (c) 7.25 cash 2.00 PIK 03 2024 6,021 6,087 0.3 5,991 Acuity Eyecare Holdings, LLC One stop L + 8.25 (c) 7.25 cash 2.00 PIK 03 2024 5,616 5,722 0.2 5,588 Acuity Eyecare Holdings, LLC One stop L + 8.25 (c) 7.25 cash 2.00 PIK 03 2024 3,260 3,362 0.1 3,243 Acuity Eyecare Holdings, LLC One stop L + 8.25 (c) 7.25 cash 2.00 PIK 03 2024 793 814 789 Acuity Eyecare Holdings, LLC One stop L + 8.25 (c) 7.25 cash 2.00 PIK 03 2024 258 256 257 Acuity Eyecare Holdings, LLC One stop L + 8.25 (c) 7.25 cash 2.00 PIK 03 2024 150 149 150 Acuity Eyecare Holdings, LLC One stop L + 11.00 (c) 7.25 cash 4.75 PIK 03 2024 42 42 45 Acuity Eyecare Holdings, LLC(5) One stop L + 8.25 (c) 7.25 03 2024 1 (5) (3) ADCS Clinics Intermediate Holdings, LLC #! One stop L + 5.75 (c)(d)(f) 6.75 05 2022 41,873 42,287 1.7 40,618 ADCS Clinics Intermediate Holdings, LLC # One stop L + 5.75 (c)(d) 6.75 05 2022 210 212 204 ADCS Clinics Intermediate Holdings, LLC One stop L + 5.75 (d) 6.75 05 2022 200 199 194 ADCS Clinics Intermediate Holdings, LLC One stop L + 5.75 (c)(d) 6.75 05 2022 162 165 158 ADCS Clinics Intermediate Holdings, LLC # One stop L + 5.75 (c)(d) 6.75 05 2022 61 62 59 Advanced Pain Management Holdings, Inc.(7) Senior loan L + 5.00 (b) 6.25 11 2020 11,433 6,860 261 Advanced Pain Management Holdings, Inc.(7) Senior loan L + 8.50 (b) 9.75 11 2020 4,082 7 Advanced Pain Management Holdings, Inc.(7) Senior loan L + 5.00 (b) 6.25 11 2020 782 469 18 Advanced Pain Management Holdings, Inc.(5)(7) Senior loan L + 5.00 (b) 6.25 11 2020 355 (17) 12 Agilitas USA, Inc. # One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 04 2022 9,252 9,287 0.4 8,790 Agilitas USA, Inc. One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 04 2022 100 100 96 CRH Healthcare Purchaser, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 4.72 12 2024 13,046 13,206 0.6 13,046 CRH Healthcare Purchaser, Inc.(5) Senior loan L + 4.50 N A(6) 12 2024 (1) CRH Healthcare Purchaser, Inc.(5) Senior loan L + 4.50 N A(6) 12 2024 (2) DCA Investment Holding, LLC #+ One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 07 2021 31,405 31,611 1.3 30,778 DCA Investment Holding, LLC #+! One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 07 2021 27,210 27,463 1.1 26,668 DCA Investment Holding, LLC # One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 07 2021 8,318 8,425 0.3 8,152 DCA Investment Holding, LLC One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 07 2021 4,034 4,106 0.2 3,953 DCA Investment Holding, LLC# One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 07 2021 3,669 3,736 0.2 3,595 DCA Investment Holding, LLC One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 07 2021 2,737 2,734 0.1 2,681 DCA Investment Holding, LLC # One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 07 2021 2,512 2,558 0.1 2,462 DCA Investment Holding, LLC# One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 07 2021 1,249 1,262 0.1 1,225 DCA Investment Holding, LLC One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 07 2021 296 299 290 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 179 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Health Care Providers & Services - (continued) DCA Investment Holding, LLC One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 07 2021 92 93 90 Deca Dental Management LLC # One stop L + 7.50 (c) 7.00 cash 1.50 PIK 12 2021 11,269 11,395 0.5 11,269 Deca Dental Management LLC# One stop L + 7.50 (c) 7.00 cash 1.50 PIK 12 2021 1,376 1,392 0.1 1,376 Deca Dental Management LLC+ One stop L + 7.50 (c) 7.00 cash 1.50 PIK 12 2021 992 1,004 0.1 992 Deca Dental Management LLC One stop L + 7.50 (c) 7.00 cash 1.50 PIK 12 2021 736 749 736 Deca Dental Management LLC One stop L + 7.50 (c) 7.00 cash 1.50 PIK 12 2021 100 100 100 Deca Dental Management LLC(5) One stop L + 7.50 (c) 7.00 cash 1.50 PIK 12 2021 2 (2) 2 Encorevet Group LLC Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 11 2024 249 247 249 Encorevet Group LLC Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 11 2024 112 112 112 Encorevet Group LLC Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 11 2024 58 57 58 Encorevet Group LLC Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 11 2024 10 10 10 Encorevet Group LLC Senior loan L + 5.00 N A(6) 11 2024 Encorevet Group LLC(5) Senior loan L + 5.00 N A(6) 11 2024 (1) ERG Buyer, LLC # One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 05 2024 19,133 19,084 0.6 15,307 ERG Buyer, LLC One stop P + 4.50 (f) 7.75 05 2024 300 296 240 Eyecare Services Partners Holdings LLC+ One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2023 18,229 18,320 0.7 17,318 Eyecare Services Partners Holdings LLC One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2023 7,996 8,123 0.3 7,596 Eyecare Services Partners Holdings LLC # One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2023 7,003 7,120 0.3 6,653 Eyecare Services Partners Holdings LLC One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2023 5,153 5,175 0.2 4,896 Eyecare Services Partners Holdings LLC + One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2023 2,391 2,431 0.1 2,272 Eyecare Services Partners Holdings LLC One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2023 1,535 1,560 0.1 1,458 Eyecare Services Partners Holdings LLC # One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2023 1,134 1,154 0.1 1,077 Eyecare Services Partners Holdings LLC # One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2023 999 1,016 950 Eyecare Services Partners Holdings LLC + One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2023 646 654 613 Eyecare Services Partners Holdings LLC One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2023 400 398 380 FYI Optical Acquisitions, Inc. & FYI USA, Inc. (8)(9)(14) One stop L + 5.50 (k) 6.06 03 2027 11,832 11,723 0.5 11,296 FYI Optical Acquisitions, Inc. & FYI USA, Inc.(8)(9)(14) One stop L + 5.50 (k) 6.01 03 2027 96 93 91 FYI Optical Acquisitions, Inc. & FYI USA, Inc.(8)(14) One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 03 2027 20 19 18 Krueger-Gilbert Health Physics, LLC! Senior loan L + 5.25 (a) 6.25 05 2025 2,359 2,347 0.1 2,359 Krueger-Gilbert Health Physics, LLC! Senior loan L + 5.25 (a) 6.25 05 2025 1,113 1,151 0.1 1,113 Krueger-Gilbert Health Physics, LLC Senior loan L + 5.25 (a) 6.25 05 2025 920 918 920 Krueger-Gilbert Health Physics, LLC Senior loan L + 5.25 (a) 6.25 05 2025 50 50 50 MD Now Holdings, Inc.+! One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 08 2024 14,544 14,699 0.6 14,252 MD Now Holdings, Inc. One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 08 2024 622 622 610 MD Now Holdings, Inc.(5) One stop L + 5.25 N A(6) 08 2024 (1) (6) Midwest Veterinary Partners, LLC One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 07 2025 4,274 4,209 0.2 4,220 Midwest Veterinary Partners, LLC One stop L + 5.75 (c)(d) 6.75 07 2025 4,120 4,086 0.2 4,069 Midwest Veterinary Partners, LLC One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 07 2025 2,510 2,347 0.1 2,369 Midwest Veterinary Partners, LLC# One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 07 2025 1,025 1,017 0.1 1,012 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 180 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Health Care Providers & Services - (continued) Midwest Veterinary Partners, LLC One stop P + 4.75 (c)(f) 8.00 07 2025 200 200 198 MWD Management, LLC & MWD Services, Inc.#+ One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 06 2023 7,016 7,005 0.3 6,945 MWD Management, LLC & MWD Services, Inc.# One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 06 2023 4,517 4,596 0.2 4,472 MWD Management, LLC & MWD Services, Inc.(5) One stop L + 5.25 N A(6) 06 2022 (1) (2) NVA Holdings, Inc. Senior loan L + 3.50 (a) 3.69 02 2026 2,914 2,887 0.1 2,914 Oliver Street Dermatology Holdings, LLC#(7) One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2022 19,296 17,670 0.4 10,448 Oliver Street Dermatology Holdings, LLC #(7) One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2022 2,239 1,913 0.1 1,213 Oliver Street Dermatology Holdings, LLC(7) One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2022 2,122 1,933 0.1 1,149 Oliver Street Dermatology Holdings, LLC(7) One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2022 1,606 1,372 869 Oliver Street Dermatology Holdings, LLC (7) One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2022 1,419 1,212 768 Oliver Street Dermatology Holdings, LLC (7) One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2022 1,235 1,055 669 Oliver Street Dermatology Holdings, LLC(7) One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2022 962 822 521 Oliver Street Dermatology Holdings, LLC (7) One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2022 834 712 451 Oliver Street Dermatology Holdings, LLC(7) One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2022 514 439 278 Oliver Street Dermatology Holdings, LLC(7) One stop L + 6.25 (c)(f) 7.25 05 2022 291 267 158 Oliver Street Dermatology Holdings, LLC#(7) One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2022 98 89 52 Oliver Street Dermatology Holdings, LLC #(7) One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2022 88 81 48 Oliver Street Dermatology Holdings, LLC#(7) One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2022 70 63 38 Oliver Street Dermatology Holdings, LLC#(7) One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2022 64 59 34 Pinnacle Treatment Centers, Inc.# One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 1 1 2023 19,130 19,257 0.8 19,130 Pinnacle Treatment Centers, Inc. One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 1 1 2023 7,793 7,735 0.3 7,793 Pinnacle Treatment Centers, Inc.# One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 01 2023 1,571 1,575 0.1 1,571 Pinnacle Treatment Centers, Inc. One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 01 2023 709 715 709 Pinnacle Treatment Centers, Inc. One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 01 2023 186 188 186 Pinnacle Treatment Centers, Inc. One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 01 2023 108 108 108 Pinnacle Treatment Centers, Inc. One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 01 2023 38 37 38 Pinnacle Treatment Centers, Inc. One stop L + 6.25 N A(6) 01 2023 Pinnacle Treatment Centers, Inc. One stop L + 6.25 N A(6) 01 2023 PPT Management Holdings, LLC+ One stop L + 8.50 (c)(d) 7.08 cash 2.50 PIK 12 2022 25,002 23,695 0.9 20,993 PPT Management Holdings, LLC One stop L + 8.50 (c)(d) 7.08 cash 2.50 PIK 12 2022 304 291 254 PPT Management Holdings, LLC One stop L + 8.50 (c)(d) 7.08 cash 2.50 PIK 12 2022 180 172 150 PPT Management Holdings, LLC One stop L + 8.50 (c)(d) 7.08 cash 2.50 PIK 12 2022 88 77 74 PPT Management Holdings, LLC(5) One stop L + 8.50 (b) 7.00 cash 2.50 PIK 12 2022 18 (6) (48) Pyramid Healthcare, Inc. + One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 08 2022 14,982 14,840 0.6 14,982 Pyramid Healthcare, Inc. One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 08 2022 461 457 461 Pyramid Healthcare, Inc. One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 08 2022 333 330 333 Pyramid Healthcare, Inc. One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 08 2022 290 288 290 Pyramid Healthcare, Inc. One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 08 2022 112 111 112 Pyramid Healthcare, Inc. One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 08 2022 45 44 45 Pyramid Healthcare, Inc.(5) One stop L + 6.50 N A(6) 08 2022 (8) Riverchase MSO, LLC # Senior loan L + 6.75 (c) 6.75 cash 1.00 PIK 10 2022 9,624 9,722 0.4 9,432 Riverchase MSO, LLC Senior loan L + 6.75 (c) 6.75 cash 1.00 PIK 10 2022 130 130 128 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 181 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Health Care Providers & Services - (continued) RXH Buyer Corporation #! One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 09 2021 27,525 27,705 1.2 27,525 RXH Buyer Corporation # One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 09 2021 3,116 3,136 0.1 3,116 RXH Buyer Corporation One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 09 2021 1 Summit Behavioral Healthcare, LLC# Senior loan L + 4.75 (c) 5.75 10 2023 20,597 20,372 0.9 20,597 Summit Behavioral Healthcare, LLC Senior loan L + 4.75 (c) 5.75 10 2023 430 431 430 Summit Behavioral Healthcare, LLC Senior loan L + 4.75 (c) 5.75 10 2023 160 156 160 Veterinary Specialists of North America, LLC #! Senior loan L + 4.50 (a) 4.65 04 2025 41,653 43,066 1.7 41,653 Veterinary Specialists of North America, LLC Senior loan L + 4.50 (a) 4.65 04 2025 10,262 10,258 0.4 10,262 Veterinary Specialists of North America, LLC# Senior loan L + 4.50 (a) 4.65 04 2025 2,871 2,851 0.1 2,871 Veterinary Specialists of North America, LLC Senior loan L + 4.50 (a) 4.65 04 2025 1,445 1,496 0.1 1,445 Veterinary Specialists of North America, LLC Senior loan L + 4.50 (a) 4.65 04 2025 835 832 835 WHCG Management, LLC # Senior loan L + 4.50 (d) 5.50 03 2023 16,067 16,161 0.7 16,067 WHCG Management, LLC Senior loan L + 4.50 (d) 5.50 03 2023 5,627 5,590 0.2 5,627 WHCG Management, LLC Senior loan L + 4.50 (d) 5.50 03 2023 1,983 1,978 0.1 1,983 WHCG Management, LLC Senior loan L + 4.50 (d) 5.50 03 2023 338 336 338 WHCG Management, LLC Senior loan L + 4.50 (d) 5.50 03 2023 116 118 116 599,751 589,723 22.9 549,440 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 182 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Hotels, Restaurants & Leisure BJH Holdings III Corp.+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 08 2025 45,936 47,269 1.9 45,936 BJH Holdings III Corp.(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 08 2025 (7) 0 CR Fitness Holdings, LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.25 (a) 5.25 07 2025 1,999 2,011 0.1 1,839 CR Fitness Holdings, LLC Senior loan L + 4.25 (a) 5.25 07 2025 268 263 201 CR Fitness Holdings, LLC Senior loan L + 4.25 (a)(c) 5.25 07 2025 74 74 68 Davidson Hotel Company, LLC+ One stop L + 6.75 (a)(c) 6.25 cash 1.50 PIK 07 2024 6,981 6,923 0.2 4,887 Davidson Hotel Company, LLC One stop L + 6.75 (a)(c) 6.25 cash 1.50 PIK 07 2024 1,073 1,068 751 Davidson Hotel Company, LLC(5) One stop L + 6.75 N A(6) 07 2024 (2) (30) Davidson Hotel Company, LLC(5) One stop L + 6.75 N A(6) 07 2024 (19) EOS Fitness Opco Holdings, LLC # One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 01 2025 8,675 8,789 0.3 7,981 EOS Fitness Opco Holdings, LLC One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 01 2025 914 925 840 EOS Fitness Opco Holdings, LLC One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 01 2025 120 120 110 Planet Fit Indy 10 LLC+ One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 07 2025 17,386 17,173 0.7 15,647 Planet Fit Indy 10 LLC# One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 07 2025 2,319 2,369 0.1 2,088 Planet Fit Indy 10 LLC# One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 07 2025 1,259 1,242 0.1 1,133 Planet Fit Indy 10 LLC One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 07 2025 200 199 180 Self Esteem Brands, LLC # Senior loan L + 4.25 (c) 5.25 02 2022 45,841 46,193 1.8 44,007 Self Esteem Brands, LLC Senior loan P + 3.25 (f) 6.50 02 2022 2,338 2,335 0.1 2,245 SSRG Holdings, LLC One stop L + 5.25 (a) 6.25 11 2025 918 902 0.1 891 SSRG Holdings, LLC One stop L + 5.25 (a)(c) 6.25 11 2025 75 74 73 Sunshine Sub, LLC# One stop L + 5.25 (a) 6.25 05 2024 12,925 13,024 0.5 12,149 Sunshine Sub, LLC# One stop L + 5.25 (a) 6.25 05 2024 5,654 5,838 0.2 5,315 Sunshine Sub, LLC One stop L + 5.25 (a) 6.25 05 2024 20 19 8 Tropical Smoothie Cafe Holdings, LLC Senior loan L + 5.50 (a)(c) 6.50 09 2026 17,374 17,202 0.7 17,200 Tropical Smoothie Cafe Holdings, LLC(5) Senior loan L + 5.50 N A(6) 09 2026 (1) (1) Velvet Taco Holdings, Inc. One stop L + 7.00 (e) 8.00 03 2026 1,769 1,753 0.1 1,522 Velvet Taco Holdings, Inc. One stop L + 7.00 N A(6) 03 2026 Velvet Taco Holdings, Inc.(5) One stop L + 7.00 N A(6) 03 2026 (1) 174,118 175,735 6.9 165,040 Household Durables Groundworks LLC Senior loan L + 7.00 (a) 8.00 01 2026 4,709 4,657 0.2 4,709 Groundworks LLC Senior loan L + 7.00 (a) 8.00 01 2026 84 83 84 Groundworks LLC Senior loan L + 7.00 N A(6) 01 2026 4,793 4,740 0.2 4,793 Household Products WU Holdco, Inc. # One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 03 2026 3,427 3,504 0.2 3,427 WU Holdco, Inc. One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 03 2026 392 392 392 WU Holdco, Inc. (5) One stop L + 5.25 N A(6) 03 2025 (2) 3,819 3,896 0.2 3,817 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 183 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Industrial Conglomerates Arch Global CCT Holdings Corp.# Senior loan L + 4.75 (c) 4.97 04 2026 4,162 4,197 0.2 4,080 Arch Global CCT Holdings Corp.(5) Senior loan L + 4.75 N A(6) 04 2025 (2) Arch Global CCT Holdings Corp.(5) Senior loan L + 4.75 N A(6) 04 2026 (1) Madison Safety & Flow LLC Senior loan L + 4.50 (a) 4.66 03 2025 495 494 490 Madison Safety & Flow LLC Senior loan L + 4.50 N A(6) 03 2025 4,657 4,691 0.2 4,567 Insurance Captive Resources Midco, LLC #+ One stop L + 6.00 (a) 7.00 05 2025 55,016 55,162 2.3 55,016 Captive Resources Midco, LLC# One stop L + 6.00 (a) 7.00 05 2025 1,440 1,427 0.1 1,440 Captive Resources Midco, LLC(5) One stop L + 6.00 N A(6) 05 2025 (18) High Street Insurance Partners, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 12 2025 873 851 851 High Street Insurance Partners, Inc.(5) Senior loan L + 6.25 N A(6) 12 2025 (7) (7) Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC Senior loan L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 08 2025 2,471 2,471 0.1 2,421 Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC Senior loan L + 5.50 (c)(d) 6.64 08 2025 789 786 774 Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC Senior loan L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 08 2025 478 475 468 Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC Senior loan L + 5.50 (c)(d) 6.50 08 2025 243 242 238 Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC Senior loan L + 5.75 N A(6) 08 2025 J.S. Held Holdings, LLC# One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 07 2025 4,780 4,768 0.2 4,780 J.S. Held Holdings, LLC One stop P + 5.00 (f) 8.25 07 2025 52 46 52 J.S. Held Holdings, LLC(5) One stop L + 6.00 N A(6) 07 2025 (15) Majesco One stop L + 7.75 (c) 8.75 09 2027 12,334 12,089 0.5 12,149 Majesco(5) Senior loan L + 7.75 N A(6) 09 2026 (3) (2) Orchid Underwriters Agency, LLC Senior loan L + 4.25 (c) 5.25 12 2024 4,124 4,176 0.2 4,124 Orchid Underwriters Agency, LLC Senior loan L + 4.25 N A(6) 12 2024 Orchid Underwriters Agency, LLC(5) Senior loan L + 4.25 N A(6) 12 2024 (1) RSC Acquisition, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.50 (b)(c) 6.50 10 2026 26,056 25,564 1.1 25,275 RSC Acquisition, Inc. One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 10 2026 998 958 968 RSC Acquisition, Inc.(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 10 2026 (1) (2) RSC Acquisition, Inc.(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 10 2026 (2) (3) RSC Acquisition, Inc.(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 10 2026 (226) (170) 109,654 108,742 4.5 108,372 Internet and Catalog Retail AutoQuotes, LLC! One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 11 2024 9,888 10,023 0.4 9,393 AutoQuotes, LLC One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 11 2024 100 100 96 9,988 10,123 0.4 9,489 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 184 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 IT Services Acquia, Inc.! One stop L + 7.00 (c) 8.00 10 2025 7,118 7,057 0.3 7,118 Acquia, Inc. One stop L + 7.00 N A(6) 10 2025 Appriss Holdings, Inc.#+ One stop L + 5.50 (a)(c)(d) 5.75 06 2026 24,968 25,674 1.0 24,470 Appriss Holdings, Inc. One stop L + 5.50 (a) 5.65 06 2025 202 198 194 Arctic Wolf Networks, Inc. and Arctic Wolf Networks Canada, Inc. One stop L + 7.50 (a) 8.50 cash 1.00 PIK 08 2025 4,622 4,444 0.2 4,529 Arctic Wolfs Networks, Inc. and Arctic Wolf Networks Canada, Inc. One stop L + 7.50 N A(6) 08 2025 Arctic Wolfs Networks, Inc. and Arctic Wolf Networks Canada, Inc.(5) One stop L + 7.50 N A(6) 08 2025 (3) (3) Arctic Wolfs Networks, Inc. and Arctic Wolf Networks Canada, Inc.(5) One stop L + 7.50 N A(6) 08 2025 (14) (14) Centrify Corporation # One stop L + 8.25 (c) 9.25 08 2024 23,239 23,279 1.0 22,774 Centrify Corporation One stop P + 7.25 (f) 10.50 08 2024 200 202 196 E2open, LLC #+! One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 11 2024 85,904 86,773 3.5 84,184 E2open, LLC(5) One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 11 2024 (5) (10) Episerver, Inc.! (8)(9) One stop L + 6.00 (d) 6.00 10 2024 20,541 20,852 0.9 20,471 Episerver, Inc.# One stop L + 5.75 (c)(d) 6.75 10 2024 12,186 12,374 0.5 11,820 Episerver, Inc.(5) One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 10 2024 (2) (12) Gamma Technologies, LLC #! One stop L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 06 2024 47,091 47,412 1.9 46,620 Gamma Technologies, LLC(5) One stop L + 5.00 N A(6) 06 2024 (1) (2) Infinisource, Inc. One stop L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 10 2026 29,180 28,757 1.2 29,180 Infinisource, Inc. One stop L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 10 2026 154 151 154 Infinisource, Inc. One stop L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 10 2026 111 110 111 Infinisource, Inc.(5) One stop L + 4.50 N A(6) 10 2026 (1) Maverick Bidco Inc. #! One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 04 2023 39,462 39,684 1.7 39,462 Maverick Bidco Inc. # One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 04 2023 3,183 3,237 0.1 3,183 Maverick Bidco Inc. One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 04 2023 2,821 2,751 0.1 2,821 Maverick Bidco Inc. One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 04 2023 1,693 1,629 0.1 1,693 Maverick Bidco Inc. One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 04 2023 202 199 202 PCS Intermediate II Holdings, LLC One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 01 2026 14,493 14,364 0.6 14,493 PCS Intermediate II Holdings, LLC(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 01 2026 (1) Recordxtechnologies, LLC+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 12 2025 743 735 714 Recordxtechnologies, LLC One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 12 2025 42 41 39 Recordxtechnologies, LLC(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 12 2025 (1) (7) Red Dawn SEI Buyer, Inc. Senior loan L + 4.25 (c) 5.25 11 2025 752 744 752 Red Dawn SEI Buyer, Inc.(5) Senior loan L + 4.25 N A(6) 11 2025 (1) Red Dawn SEI Buyer, Inc.(5) Senior loan L + 4.25 N A(6) 11 2025 (1) Velocity Technology Solutions, Inc. # One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 12 2023 18,276 18,556 0.8 18,276 Velocity Technology Solutions, Inc. One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 12 2023 50 49 50 337,233 339,242 13.9 333,458 Leisure Products WBZ Investment LLC# One stop L + 7.50 (c) 6.50 cash 2.00 PIK 09 2024 8,467 8,525 0.3 7,620 WBZ Investment LLC One stop L + 7.50 (c) 6.50 cash 2.00 PIK 09 2024 1,213 1,205 0.1 1,091 WBZ Investment LLC One stop L + 7.50 (c) 6.50 cash 2.00 PIK 09 2024 843 871 758 WBZ Investment LLC One stop L + 7.50 (c) 6.50 cash 2.00 PIK 09 2024 431 445 388 WBZ Investment LLC One stop L + 7.50 (c) 6.50 cash 2.00 PIK 09 2024 80 80 70 11,034 11,126 0.4 9,927 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 185 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Life Sciences Tools & Services Pace Analytical Services, LLC #! One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 04 2024 29,639 29,717 1.2 29,343 Pace Analytical Services, LLC One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 04 2024 7,046 6,943 0.3 6,975 Pace Analytical Services, LLC# One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 04 2024 2,756 2,768 0.1 2,729 Pace Analytical Services, LLC # One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 04 2024 1,652 1,685 0.1 1,635 Pace Analytical Services, LLC # One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 04 2024 1,518 1,529 0.1 1,504 Pace Analytical Services, LLC # One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 04 2024 1,264 1,264 0.1 1,252 Pace Analytical Services, LLC# One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 04 2024 1,222 1,246 0.1 1,210 Pace Analytical Services, LLC One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 04 2024 993 971 983 Pace Analytical Services, LLC # One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 04 2024 678 680 670 Pace Analytical Services, LLC # One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 04 2024 559 570 554 Pace Analytical Services, LLC One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 04 2024 188 191 186 Pace Analytical Services, LLC(5) One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 04 2024 (3) (4) Pace Analytical Services, LLC(5) One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 04 2024 (116) (80) 47,515 47,445 2.0 46,957 Machinery Blackbird Purchaser, Inc. + Senior loan L + 4.25 (c)(f) 4.47 04 2026 15,524 15,796 0.6 15,059 Blackbird Purchaser, Inc. (5) Senior loan L + 4.25 N A(6) 04 2024 (1) (6) Blackbird Purchaser, Inc. (5) Senior loan L + 4.25 N A(6) 04 2026 20 (14) Chase Industries, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 5.50 (d) 6.50 05 2025 12,059 12,180 0.4 9,620 Chase Industries, Inc. Senior loan L + 7.00 (d) 6.50 cash 1.50 PIK 05 2025 985 1,020 0.1 786 Chase Industries, Inc. Senior loan L + 7.00 (d) 6.50 cash 1.50 PIK 05 2023 354 358 282 28,922 29,373 1.1 25,727 Multiline Retail Mills Fleet Farm Group LLC #+! One stop L + 6.25 (d) 7.25 10 2024 46,488 46,372 1.9 46,488 Oil, Gas & Consumable Fuels 3ES Innovation, Inc.+ (8)(12) One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 05 2025 13,761 14,004 0.5 13,072 3ES Innovation, Inc.(5)(8)(12) One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 05 2025 (2) (10) Drilling Info Holdings, Inc. #+ Senior loan L + 4.25 (a) 4.40 07 2025 36,577 37,062 1.5 35,030 Drilling Info Holdings, Inc. Senior loan L + 4.50 (a) 4.65 07 2025 17,342 16,915 0.7 16,790 Drilling Info Holdings, Inc. Senior loan L + 4.25 (a) 4.40 07 2023 120 118 112 Drilling Info Holdings, Inc. Senior loan L + 4.50 (a) 4.65 07 2023 52 49 49 Drilling Info Holdings, Inc.(5) Senior loan L + 4.25 N A(6) 07 2025 (6) (43) Project Power Buyer, LLC#+ One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 05 2026 15,782 15,929 0.7 15,625 Project Power Buyer, LLC(5) One stop L + 6.25 N A(6) 05 2025 (1) (2) 83,634 84,068 3.4 80,623 Paper & Forest Products Messenger, LLC+ One stop L + 6.50 (c)(f) 7.50 08 2023 9,053 9,126 0.4 8,601 Messenger, LLC(5) One stop L + 6.50 N A(6) 08 2023 (4) 9,053 9,126 0.4 8,597 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 186 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Personal Products IMPLUS Footwear, LLC+ One stop L + 7.75 (c) 8.75 04 2024 30,973 31,376 1.2 27,876 IMPLUS Footwear, LLC+ One stop L + 7.75 (c) 8.75 04 2024 5,290 5,358 0.2 4,761 IMPLUS Footwear, LLC One stop L + 7.75 (c) 8.75 04 2024 763 786 686 37,026 37,520 1.4 33,323 Pharmaceuticals ACP Ulysses Buyer, Inc.+! Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 02 2026 13,210 13,091 0.6 13,210 Apothecary Products, LLC+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 07 2023 2,904 3,009 0.1 2,846 Apothecary Products, LLC(5) Senior loan L + 4.50 N A(6) 07 2023 (16) BIOVT, LLC # One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 01 2021 34,128 34,262 1.4 34,128 BIOVT, LLC# One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 01 2021 2,073 2,091 0.1 2,073 BIOVT, LLC One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 01 2021 1,946 1,963 0.1 1,946 BIOVT, LLC One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 01 2021 BIOVT, LLC One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 01 2021 54,261 54,416 2.3 54,187 Professional Services Brandmuscle, Inc. Senior loan L + 4.75 (c) 5.75 12 2021 8,115 8,111 0.3 7,708 Brandmuscle, Inc.# Senior loan L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 12 2021 1,126 1,140 1,073 Brandmuscle, Inc.(5) Senior loan L + 4.75 N A(6) 12 2021 (4) DISA Holdings Acquisition Subsidiary Corp.+ Senior loan L + 4.25 (c) 5.34 06 2022 9,814 9,891 0.4 8,930 DISA Holdings Acquisition Subsidiary Corp. Senior loan L + 4.25 (a) 5.25 06 2022 1,448 1,448 0.1 1,319 DISA Holdings Acquisition Subsidiary Corp. Senior loan L + 4.25 N A(6) 06 2022 3 Net Health Acquisition Corp. # One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 12 2023 8,554 8,656 0.3 8,554 Net Health Acquisition Corp. One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 12 2023 6,845 6,964 0.3 6,845 Net Health Acquisition Corp. # One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 12 2023 1,195 1,210 1,195 Net Health Acquisition Corp.(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 12 2023 (2) Nexus Brands Group, Inc. # One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 11 2023 9,378 9,471 0.4 8,909 Nexus Brands Group, Inc.+ (8)(9) One stop L + 6.00 (h) 7.00 11 2023 7,145 7,263 0.3 6,980 Nexus Brands Group, Inc.# One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 11 2023 1,987 2,050 0.1 1,887 Nexus Brands Group, Inc.# One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 11 2023 1,437 1,483 0.1 1,365 Nexus Brands Group, Inc. One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 11 2023 765 759 727 Nexus Brands Group, Inc. One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 11 2023 20 21 10 Nexus Brands Group, Inc.(5)(8)(9) One stop L + 6.00 N A(6) 11 2023 (4) Nexus Brands Group, Inc.(5)(8)(9) One stop L + 6.00 N A(6) 11 2023 (1) Nexus Brands Group, Inc.(5) One stop L + 6.00 N A(6) 11 2023 (1) PlanSource Holdings, Inc. ! One stop L + 6.25 (b) 7.25 04 2025 11,416 11,542 0.5 11,416 PlanSource Holdings, Inc. (5) One stop L + 6.25 N A(6) 04 2025 (1) Teaching Company, The # One stop L + 4.75 (c)(d) 5.75 07 2023 17,832 18,009 0.7 17,832 Teaching Company, The One stop L + 4.75 (d) 5.75 07 2023 30 30 30 87,107 88,046 3.5 84,772 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 187 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Real Estate Management & Development Property Brands, Inc.# One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 01 2024 19,845 20,037 0.8 18,852 Property Brands, Inc. One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 01 2024 13,666 13,551 0.5 12,984 Property Brands, Inc. # One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 01 2024 6,653 6,761 0.3 6,319 Property Brands, Inc. One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 01 2024 3,243 3,348 0.1 3,081 Property Brands, Inc. One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 01 2024 1,424 1,469 0.1 1,353 Property Brands, Inc.# One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 01 2024 1,205 1,243 0.1 1,145 Property Brands, Inc. One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 01 2024 1,189 1,227 1,129 Property Brands, Inc. One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 01 2024 950 944 903 Property Brands, Inc. One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 01 2024 501 517 477 Property Brands, Inc. One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 01 2024 200 199 190 Property Brands, Inc.(5) One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 01 2024 (2) (175) MRI Software LLC One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 02 2026 14,579 14,450 0.6 14,215 MRI Software LLC One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 02 2026 1,710 1,667 0.1 1,667 MRI Software LLC(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 02 2026 (2) (7) MRI Software LLC(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 02 2026 (2) MRI Software LLC(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 02 2026 (3) (9) 65,165 65,406 2.6 62,122 Road & Rail Internet Truckstop Group LLC #! One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 04 2025 22,587 23,165 0.9 22,587 Internet Truckstop Group LLC(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 04 2025 (2) 22,587 23,163 0.9 22,587 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 188 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Software Accela, Inc. # One stop L + 4.91 (a) 4.25 cash 1.66 PIK 09 2023 4,479 4,479 0.2 4,411 Accela, Inc.(5) One stop L + 7.00 N A(6) 09 2023 (2) Apptio, Inc. ! One stop L + 7.25 (d) 8.25 01 2025 57,009 57,722 2.4 57,009 Apptio, Inc. (5) One stop L + 7.25 N A(6) 01 2025 (1) Astute Holdings, Inc. ! One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 04 2025 10,816 10,951 0.5 10,816 Astute Holdings, Inc. One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 04 2025 2,768 2,759 0.1 2,768 Astute Holdings, Inc. (5) One stop L + 6.50 N A(6) 04 2025 (1) Axiom Merger Sub Inc.! One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.47 04 2026 5,847 5,900 0.3 5,847 Axiom Merger Sub Inc.+ (8)(9) One stop E + 5.50 (g) 5.50 04 2026 2,411 2,432 0.1 2,492 Axiom Merger Sub Inc. One stop L + 5.25 (d) 6.25 04 2026 30 29 30 Bearcat Buyer, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 4.25 (c) 5.25 07 2026 2,928 2,950 0.1 2,928 Bearcat Buyer, Inc. Senior loan L + 4.25 (c) 5.25 07 2026 309 307 309 Bearcat Buyer, Inc. Senior loan L + 4.25 (c) 5.25 07 2026 165 166 165 Bearcat Buyer, Inc. Senior loan L + 4.25 N A(6) 07 2024 Bullhorn, Inc. #+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 09 2026 67,302 66,135 2.8 66,294 Bullhorn, Inc.(8)(9) One stop L + 6.00 (h) 6.06 09 2026 12,008 11,796 0.5 12,230 Bullhorn, Inc.(8)(9) One stop L + 5.75 (c) 5.75 09 2026 4,822 4,736 0.2 4,951 Bullhorn, Inc. One stop L + 5.75 (c)(f) 6.75 09 2026 98 96 96 Bullhorn, Inc. One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 09 2026 78 77 77 Bullhorn, Inc.(5) One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 09 2026 (4) (4) Bullhorn, Inc.(5) One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 09 2026 (4) (3) Calabrio, Inc. ! One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 06 2025 24,880 24,894 1.0 24,880 Calabrio, Inc. One stop L + 6.50 (a) 7.50 06 2025 72 72 72 Clearwater Analytics, LLC # One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 09 2022 14,242 14,256 0.6 14,242 Clearwater Analytics, LLC One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 09 2022 6,040 6,071 0.3 6,040 Clearwater Analytics, LLC+ One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 09 2022 990 976 990 Clearwater Analytics, LLC(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 09 2022 (3) Cloudbees, Inc. One stop L + 9.00 (a) 9.50 cash 0.50 PIK 05 2023 4,215 4,248 0.2 4,215 Cloudbees, Inc. One stop L + 9.00 (a) 9.50 cash 0.50 PIK 05 2023 2,774 2,692 0.1 2,774 Cloudbees, Inc. One stop L + 9.00 (a) 9.50 cash 0.50 PIK 05 2023 1,469 1,480 0.1 1,469 Cloudbees, Inc. One stop L + 8.50 N A(6) 05 2023 Confluence Technologies, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 03 2024 45,004 44,768 1.9 44,554 Confluence Technologies, Inc. One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 03 2024 28 27 25 Convercent, Inc. One stop L + 9.00 (c) 8.25 cash 2.75 PIK 12 2024 2,795 2,725 0.1 2,831 Convercent, Inc. Subordinated debt N A 4.00 11 2020 138 138 176 Convercent, Inc. One stop L + 9.00 (c) N A(6) 12 2024 Convercent, Inc. One stop L + 9.00 N A(6) 12 2024 Daxko Acquisition Corporation # One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 09 2023 25,681 25,759 1.1 25,681 Daxko Acquisition Corporation One stop L + 6.00 N A(6) 09 2023 Digital Guardian, Inc.! One stop L + 9.50 (c) 7.50 cash 3.00 PIK 06 2023 8,731 9,013 0.4 9,040 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 189 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Software - (continued) Digital Guardian, Inc. Subordinated debt N A 8.00 PIK 06 2023 9 7 9 Digital Guardian, Inc. One stop L + 5.00 N A(6) 06 2023 2 Diligent Corporation #+! One stop L + 6.25 (c) 7.25 08 2025 88,058 88,673 3.6 85,856 Diligent Corporation(5) One stop L + 6.25 N A(6) 08 2025 1 (8) GS Acquisitionco, Inc. #+! One stop L + 5.75 (d) 6.75 05 2024 54,048 54,440 2.3 54,048 GS Acquisitionco, Inc. # One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 05 2024 12,756 13,056 0.5 12,756 GS Acquisitionco, Inc.# One stop L + 5.75 (d) 6.75 05 2024 3,286 3,364 0.1 3,286 GS Acquisitionco, Inc.+ One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 05 2024 3,033 3,104 0.1 3,033 GS Acquisitionco, Inc.# One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 05 2024 1,899 1,944 0.1 1,899 GS Acquisitionco, Inc. One stop L + 5.75 (c)(d) 6.75 05 2024 186 183 186 GS Acquisitionco, Inc. One stop L + 5.75 (d) 6.75 05 2024 75 75 75 GS Acquisitionco, Inc. One stop L + 5.75 (d) 6.75 05 2024 37 37 37 ICIMS, Inc.! One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 09 2024 14,355 14,548 0.6 14,355 ICIMS, Inc.! One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 09 2024 4,501 4,576 0.2 4,501 ICIMS, Inc.(5) One stop L + 6.50 N A(6) 09 2024 (1) Impartner, Inc. Senior loan L + 9.50 (c) 9.30 cash 2.00 PIK 08 2025 2,916 2,880 0.1 3,001 Impartner, Inc.(5) Senior loan L + 9.50 N A(6) 08 2025 (3) 14 Impartner, Inc. Senior loan L + 9.50 N A(6) 08 2025 Infogix, Inc. # One stop L + 7.00 (c) 8.00 04 2024 7,178 7,309 0.3 7,178 Infogix, Inc. One stop L + 7.00 (c) 8.00 04 2024 1,107 1,124 1,107 Infogix, Inc. One stop L + 7.00 (c) 8.00 04 2024 90 90 90 Integral Ad Science, Inc.! One stop L + 7.25 (c) 7.00 cash 1.25 PIK 07 2024 15,882 16,069 0.7 15,882 Integral Ad Science, Inc.(5) One stop L + 6.00 N A(6) 07 2023 (3) (4) Integration Appliance, Inc. ! One stop L + 7.25 (d) 8.25 08 2023 68,335 69,117 2.9 68,335 Integration Appliance, Inc. One stop L + 7.25 (d) 8.25 08 2023 487 483 487 Invoice Cloud, Inc.! One stop L + 6.50 (c) 4.25 cash 3.25 PIK 02 2024 6,520 6,559 0.3 6,390 Invoice Cloud, Inc. One stop L + 6.50 (c) 4.25 cash 3.25 PIK 02 2024 2,187 2,186 0.1 2,138 Invoice Cloud, Inc.(5) One stop L + 6.00 N A(6) 02 2024 (2) Kaseya Traverse Inc! One stop L + 7.00 (c) 5.09 cash 3.00 PIK 05 2025 36,070 37,033 1.5 36,070 Kaseya Traverse Inc One stop L + 7.00 (c)(d) 5.06 cash 3.00 PIK 05 2025 738 755 738 Kaseya Traverse Inc One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 05 2025 89 88 86 Kaseya Traverse Inc(5) One stop L + 7.00 N A(6) 05 2025 (1) Mindbody, Inc.! One stop L + 8.50 (c) 8.00 cash 1.50 PIK 02 2025 48,593 49,379 1.9 45,678 Mindbody, Inc.(5) One stop L + 8.00 N A(6) 02 2025 (1) (18) Ministry Brands, LLC Senior loan L + 4.00 (b) 5.00 12 2022 1,446 1,462 0.1 1,359 Ministry Brands, LLC Senior loan L + 4.00 (b) 5.00 12 2022 827 837 777 Ministry Brands, LLC Senior loan L + 4.00 (b) 5.00 12 2022 377 388 354 mParticle, Inc. One stop L + 9.75 (c) 7.50 cash 3.25 PIK 09 2025 3,157 3,101 0.1 3,115 mParticle, Inc. One stop L + 9.75 N A(6) 09 2025 Namely, Inc.! One stop L + 7.50 (c) 8.25 cash 1.25 PIK 06 2024 3,580 3,614 0.1 3,507 Namely, Inc. One stop L + 7.50 (c) 8.25 cash 1.25 PIK 06 2024 2,033 2,019 0.1 1,992 Namely, Inc. One stop L + 7.50 (a) 8.25 cash 1.25 PIK 06 2024 70 70 68 Onapsis, Inc., Virtual Forge GMBH and Onapsis GMBH! One stop P + 6.75 (f) 8.25 cash 1.75 PIK 10 2024 2,139 2,121 0.1 2,249 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 190 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Software - (continued) Onapsis, Inc., Virtual Forge GMBH and Onapsis GMBH One stop L + 7.75 N A(6) 10 2024 1 Onapsis, Inc., Virtual Forge GMBH and Onapsis GMBH One stop L + 7.75 N A(6) 10 2024 4 Personify, Inc. + One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 09 2024 15,457 15,712 0.6 15,457 Personify, Inc. One stop L + 5.25 (c) 6.25 09 2024 60 61 60 RegEd Aquireco, LLC Senior loan L + 4.25 (a) 5.25 12 2024 11,416 11,413 0.4 10,731 RegEd Aquireco, LLC Senior loan L + 4.25 (a)(f) 5.08 12 2024 132 131 112 RegEd Aquireco, LLC(5) Senior loan L + 4.25 N A(6) 12 2024 (4) Saturn Borrower Inc. Senior loan L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 09 2026 16,324 15,836 0.7 15,834 Saturn Borrower Inc.(5) Senior loan L + 6.50 N A(6) 09 2026 (3) (3) SnapLogic, Inc. One stop L + 8.75 (c) 5.75 cash 5.50 PIK 09 2024 5,978 5,911 0.3 5,978 SnapLogic, Inc. One stop L + 8.75 (c) 5.75 cash 5.50 PIK 09 2024 61 61 61 SnapLogic, Inc. One stop L + 8.75 N A(6) 09 2024 Sontatype, Inc.! One stop L + 6.75 (d) 7.75 12 2025 851 843 851 Sontatype, Inc.(5) One stop L + 6.75 N A(6) 12 2025 (2) Telesoft Holdings LLC One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 12 2025 905 887 905 Telesoft Holdings LLC(5) One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 12 2025 (2) TI Intermediate Holdings, LLC Senior loan L + 4.50 (a) 4.65 12 2024 3,517 3,575 0.1 3,517 TI Intermediate Holdings, LLC Senior loan L + 4.50 (a) 4.65 12 2024 42 42 42 Togetherwork Holdings, LLC # One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 03 2025 15,564 15,706 0.6 15,408 Togetherwork Holdings, LLC One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 03 2025 1,803 1,865 0.1 1,786 Togetherwork Holdings, LLC One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 03 2025 1,750 1,807 0.1 1,733 Togetherwork Holdings, LLC # One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 03 2025 1,706 1,764 0.1 1,689 Togetherwork Holdings, LLC One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 03 2025 1,648 1,680 0.1 1,631 Togetherwork Holdings, LLC One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 03 2025 1,588 1,643 0.1 1,573 Togetherwork Holdings, LLC One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 03 2025 1,481 1,530 0.1 1,466 Togetherwork Holdings, LLC # One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 03 2025 1,213 1,231 0.1 1,201 Togetherwork Holdings, LLC One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 03 2025 668 690 662 Togetherwork Holdings, LLC One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 03 2025 447 443 443 Togetherwork Holdings, LLC One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 03 2024 300 298 298 Togetherwork Holdings, LLC One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 03 2025 64 66 64 Togetherwork Holdings, LLC One stop L + 5.75 (a) 6.75 03 2025 59 61 59 Transact Holdings, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 4.75 (a) 4.90 04 2026 3,079 3,121 0.1 2,912 Trintech, Inc. # One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 12 2023 22,400 22,738 0.9 22,400 Trintech, Inc.#! One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 12 2023 9,287 9,473 0.4 9,287 Trintech, Inc. One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 12 2023 300 301 300 True Commerce, Inc. # One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 11 2023 14,598 14,861 0.6 14,598 True Commerce, Inc.+(8)(9) One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 11 2023 2,575 2,665 0.1 2,677 True Commerce, Inc.#(8) One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 11 2023 909 941 909 True Commerce, Inc. One stop L + 5.75 N A(6) 11 2023 Upserve, Inc.! One stop L + 8.00 (e) 9.00 07 2023 6,141 6,193 0.3 6,018 Upserve, Inc. One stop L + 8.00 (e) 9.00 07 2023 1,451 1,496 0.1 1,422 Upserve, Inc.(5) One stop L + 8.00 N A(6) 07 2023 (2) Vector CS Midco Limited & Cloudsense Ltd.! (8)(9)(10) One stop N A 4.50 cash 3.55 PIK 05 2024 7,859 7,986 0.3 7,980 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 191 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Software - (continued) Vector CS Midco Limited & Cloudsense Ltd.(8)(9)(10) One stop L + 7.25 (h) 5.30 cash 2.75 PIK 05 2024 132 132 130 Vendavo, Inc. ! One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 10 2022 35,368 35,329 1.5 35,368 Vendavo, Inc. One stop P + 5.25 (f) 8.50 10 2022 631 629 631 Workforce Software, LLC! One stop L + 6.50 (c) 7.50 07 2025 27,195 27,895 1.1 27,195 Workforce Software, LLC(5) One stop L + 6.50 N A(6) 07 2025 (2) 909,152 915,327 37.6 901,417 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 192 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Specialty Retail 2nd Ave. LLC One stop L + 5.50 (d) 6.50 09 2025 5,915 5,829 0.2 5,560 2nd Ave. LLC One stop L + 5.50 (d) 6.56 09 2025 50 50 47 Batteries Plus Holding Corporation# One stop L + 6.75 (a) 7.75 07 2022 21,921 22,098 0.9 21,921 Batteries Plus Holding Corporation(5) One stop L + 6.75 N A(6) 07 2022 (1) Boot Barn, Inc.#+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 06 2023 16,777 16,904 0.7 16,777 Cycle Gear, Inc.#+ One stop L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 01 2024 23,834 24,042 1.0 23,834 DTLR, Inc. #+ One stop L + 8.50 (b)(c) 7.50 cash 2.00 PIK 08 2022 41,457 41,896 1.7 41,457 Imperial Optical Midco Inc. One stop L + 8.25 (a) 7.25 cash 2.00 PIK 08 2023 3,620 3,666 0.2 3,620 Imperial Optical Midco Inc. One stop L + 8.25 (a) 7.25 cash 2.00 PIK 08 2023 2,822 2,803 0.1 2,822 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.# One stop L + 8.25 (a) 7.25 cash 2.00 PIK 08 2023 1,918 1,965 0.1 1,918 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.# One stop L + 8.25 (a) 7.25 cash 2.00 PIK 08 2023 1,249 1,279 0.1 1,249 Imperial Optical Midco Inc. One stop L + 8.25 (a) 7.25 cash 2.00 PIK 08 2023 1,137 1,165 0.1 1,137 Imperial Optical Midco Inc. One stop L + 8.25 (a) 7.25 cash 2.00 PIK 08 2023 330 328 330 Imperial Optical Midco Inc. One stop L + 8.25 (a) 7.25 cash 2.00 PIK 08 2023 240 238 240 Imperial Optical Midco Inc. One stop L + 8.25 (a) 7.25 cash 2.00 PIK 08 2023 190 189 190 Imperial Optical Midco Inc. One stop L + 8.25 (a) 7.25 cash 2.00 PIK 08 2023 134 133 134 Imperial Optical Midco Inc. One stop L + 8.25 (a) 7.25 cash 2.00 PIK 08 2023 130 129 130 Imperial Optical Midco Inc. One stop L + 8.25 (a) 7.25 cash 2.00 PIK 08 2023 96 96 96 Imperial Optical Midco Inc. One stop L + 8.25 (a) 7.25 cash 2.00 PIK 08 2023 83 82 83 Imperial Optical Midco Inc. One stop L + 8.25 (a) 7.25 cash 2.00 PIK 08 2023 42 42 42 Imperial Optical Midco Inc. One stop L + 8.25 (a) 7.25 cash 2.00 PIK 08 2023 41 41 41 Imperial Optical Midco Inc. One stop L + 8.25 (a) 7.25 cash 2.00 PIK 08 2023 24 23 24 Imperial Optical Midco Inc. One stop L + 8.25 (a) 7.25 cash 2.00 PIK 08 2023 21 21 21 Imperial Optical Midco Inc. One stop L + 8.25 (a) 7.25 cash 2.00 PIK 08 2023 11 11 11 Imperial Optical Midco Inc. One stop L + 6.25 N A(6) 08 2023 Imperial Optical Midco Inc.(5) One stop L + 8.25 N A(6) 08 2023 (3) Jet Equipment & Tools Ltd.+ (8)(9)(12) One stop L + 5.25 (a) 6.25 11 2024 17,988 18,266 0.8 17,781 Jet Equipment & Tools Ltd. #(8)(12) One stop L + 5.25 (a) 6.25 11 2024 12,364 12,604 0.5 12,364 Jet Equipment & Tools Ltd.#(8)(12) One stop L + 5.25 (a) 6.25 11 2024 4,306 4,377 0.2 4,306 Jet Equipment & Tools Ltd.(8)(12) One stop L + 5.25 (a) 6.25 11 2024 1,581 1,569 0.1 1,581 Jet Equipment & Tools Ltd.(5)(8)(9)(12) One stop L + 5.25 N A(6) 11 2024 (1) Pet Holdings ULC #+!(8)(12) One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 07 2022 46,638 47,449 2.0 46,638 Pet Holdings ULC #+(8)(12) One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 07 2022 240 242 240 Pet Holdings ULC(5)(8)(12) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 07 2022 (1) Pet Supplies Plus, LLC + Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 12 2024 14,181 14,415 0.6 14,181 Pet Supplies Plus, LLC(5) Senior loan L + 4.50 N A(6) 12 2023 (1) PetPeople Enterprises, LLC# One stop L + 5.75 (c) 6.75 09 2023 5,352 5,401 0.2 5,191 PetPeople Enterprises, LLC# One stop L + 5.75 (c)(d) 6.84 09 2023 1,817 1,843 0.1 1,763 PetPeople Enterprises, LLC One stop L + 5.75 (c)(d) 6.92 09 2023 40 41 38 PPV Intermediate Holdings II, LLC One stop L + 6.00 (a)(c)(d) 7.46 05 2023 4,921 4,921 0.2 4,859 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 193 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Specialty Retail - (continued) PPV Intermediate Holdings II, LLC One stop L + 6.00 (a) 7.00 05 2023 1,010 1,010 997 PPV Intermediate Holdings II, LLC One stop L + 6.00 (a) 7.00 05 2023 603 603 596 PPV Intermediate Holdings II, LLC One stop L + 6.00 (a) 7.00 05 2023 435 417 429 PPV Intermediate Holdings II, LLC One stop L + 6.00 (a) 7.00 05 2023 129 127 128 PPV Intermediate Holdings II, LLC One stop L + 6.00 (d)(f) 7.69 05 2023 94 94 92 PPV Intermediate Holdings II, LLC One stop N A 7.90 PIK 05 2023 24 24 24 PPV Intermediate Holdings II, LLC(5) One stop L + 6.00 N A(6) 05 2023 (135) (120) Sola Franchise, LLC and Sola Salon Studios, LLC# One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 10 2024 6,963 6,979 0.3 6,824 Sola Franchise, LLC and Sola Salon Studios, LLC# One stop L + 5.50 (c) 6.50 10 2024 1,708 1,765 0.1 1,674 Sola Franchise, LLC and Sola Salon Studios, LLC One stop L + 5.50 (c)(f) 7.09 10 2024 86 85 84 Sola Franchise, LLC and Sola Salon Studios, LLC(5) One stop L + 5.50 N A(6) 10 2024 (1) Southern Veterinary Partners, LLC # One stop L + 6.00 (a) 7.00 05 2025 26,592 27,499 1.1 27,123 Southern Veterinary Partners, LLC One stop L + 6.00 (a) 7.00 05 2025 210 208 214 Southern Veterinary Partners, LLC One stop L + 6.00 (a) 7.00 05 2025 191 189 195 Southern Veterinary Partners, LLC One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 05 2025 181 179 184 Southern Veterinary Partners, LLC One stop L + 6.00 (c)(d) 7.00 05 2023 170 169 170 Southern Veterinary Partners, LLC One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 05 2025 163 161 166 Southern Veterinary Partners, LLC One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 05 2025 142 140 144 Southern Veterinary Partners, LLC One stop L + 6.00 (d) 7.00 05 2025 140 138 143 Southern Veterinary Partners, LLC One stop L + 6.00 (d) 7.00 05 2025 128 127 131 Southern Veterinary Partners, LLC One stop L + 6.00 (a) 7.00 05 2025 125 124 128 Southern Veterinary Partners, LLC# One stop L + 6.00 (a) 7.00 05 2025 120 119 123 Southern Veterinary Partners, LLC# One stop L + 6.00 (a) 7.00 05 2025 119 118 121 Southern Veterinary Partners, LLC One stop L + 6.00 (d) 7.00 05 2025 118 117 120 Southern Veterinary Partners, LLC# One stop L + 6.00 (a) 7.00 05 2025 113 112 115 Southern Veterinary Partners, LLC# One stop L + 6.00 (a) 7.00 05 2025 111 110 113 Southern Veterinary Partners, LLC One stop L + 6.00 (d) 7.00 05 2025 4 2 4 Southern Veterinary Partners, LLC(5) One stop L + 6.00 N A(6) 05 2025 (12) 23 Titan Fitness, LLC #+ One stop L + 4.75 (b)(c) 5.75 02 2025 30,317 30,759 1.1 26,679 Titan Fitness, LLC One stop L + 4.75 (c) 5.75 02 2025 1,894 1,881 0.1 1,667 Titan Fitness, LLC One stop L + 4.75 (c) 5.75 02 2025 474 472 414 Titan Fitness, LLC(5) One stop L + 4.75 N A(6) 02 2025 (1) Vermont Aus Pty Ltd! (8)(9)(11) One stop L + 4.75 (j) 4.89 12 2024 2,199 2,219 0.1 2,282 Vermont Aus Pty Ltd(8)(9)(11) One stop L + 4.75 (j) 4.89 12 2024 81 82 91 306,114 310,031 12.6 301,704 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 194 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Technology Hardware, Storage & Peripherals Agility Recovery Solutions Inc. # One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 03 2023 22,442 22,566 0.9 21,994 Agility Recovery Solutions Inc. One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 03 2023 902 899 0.1 882 23,344 23,465 1.0 22,876 Textiles, Apparel & Luxury Goods Elite Sportswear, L.P. Senior loan L + 6.25 (c) 2.00 cash 5.25 PIK 12 2021 9,446 9,298 0.3 8,029 Elite Sportswear, L.P. Senior loan L + 6.25 (c) 2.00 cash 5.25 PIK 12 2021 3,798 3,740 0.1 3,228 Elite Sportswear, L.P. Senior loan L + 6.25 (c) 2.00 cash 5.25 PIK 12 2021 1,954 1,924 0.1 1,661 Elite Sportswear, L.P. Senior loan L + 6.25 (b)(c) 7.25 12 2021 1,167 1,149 0.1 988 Elite Sportswear, L.P. Senior loan L + 6.25 (c) 2.00 cash 5.25 PIK 12 2021 648 640 551 Elite Sportswear, L.P. Senior loan L + 6.25 (c) 2.00 cash 5.25 PIK 12 2021 297 292 252 Elite Sportswear, L.P. Senior loan L + 6.25 (c) 2.00 cash 5.25 PIK 12 2021 283 279 241 Elite Sportswear, L.P. Senior loan L + 6.25 (b)(c) 2.00 cash 5.25 PIK 12 2021 40 40 34 Georgica Pine Clothiers, LLC# One stop L + 5.50 (c)(d) 6.50 11 2023 10,324 10,427 0.4 9,497 Georgica Pine Clothiers, LLC # One stop L + 5.50 (d) 6.50 11 2023 6,504 6,574 0.3 5,983 Georgica Pine Clothiers, LLC+ One stop L + 5.50 (d) 6.50 11 2023 1,006 998 926 Georgica Pine Clothiers, LLC# One stop L + 5.50 (d) 6.50 11 2023 906 915 833 Georgica Pine Clothiers, LLC # One stop L + 5.50 (d) 6.50 11 2023 635 644 584 Georgica Pine Clothiers, LLC One stop L + 5.50 (c)(d) 6.50 11 2023 236 235 216 Protective Industrial Products, Inc.+ Senior loan L + 4.50 (c) 5.50 01 2024 993 984 0.1 993 SHO Holding I Corporation! Senior loan L + 5.25 (c) 4.00 cash 2.25 PIK 04 2024 4,035 4,015 0.2 3,631 SHO Holding I Corporation Senior loan L + 4.00 (a)(c)(d) 5.00 04 2024 50 49 50 SHO Holding I Corporation Senior loan L + 5.23 (c) 4.00 cash 2.23 PIK 04 2024 20 20 19 SHO Holding I Corporation(5) Senior loan L + 5.00 N A(6) 04 2024 (1) (10) SHO Holding I Corporation Senior loan L + 4.50 (c)(d) N A(6) 04 2024 SHO Holding I Corporation Senior loan L + 5.23 (b)(c) N A(6) 04 2024 42,342 42,222 1.6 37,706 Total non-controlled non-affiliate company debt investments 4,237,154 4,249,853 170.8 4,092,602 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 195 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Equity Investments (15)(16) 
 Aerospace & Defense NTS Technical Systems Common Stock N A N A N A 2 1,506 0.1 637 NTS Technical Systems Preferred stock N A N A N A 256 430 NTS Technical Systems Preferred stock N A N A N A 128 245 Whitcraft LLC Common Stock N A N A N A 11 2,285 0.1 2,598 4,175 0.2 3,910 Auto Components Polk Acquisition Corp. LP interest N A N A N A 5 314 26 Automobiles Grease Monkey International, LLC LLC units N A N A N A 803 1,304 0.1 2,457 Quick Quack Car Wash Holdings, LLC LLC units N A N A N A 508 440 1,812 0.1 2,897 Biotechnology BIO18 Borrower, LLC(17) LLC units N A N A N A 591 1,190 0.1 1,654 Building Products Brooks Equipment Company, LLC Common Stock N A N A N A 10 1,021 0.1 2,107 Chemicals Inhance Technologies Holdings LLC LLC units N A N A N A 124 51 Commercial Services & Supplies Hydraulic Authority III Limited(8)(9)(10) Preferred stock N A N A N A 284 384 341 Hydraulic Authority III Limited(8)(9)(10) Common Stock N A N A N A 6 43 427 341 Construction & Engineering Reladyne, Inc. LP units N A N A N A 1 931 896 Diversified Consumer Services EWC Growth Partners LLC LLC interest N A N A N A 12 1 PADI Holdco, Inc.(17) LLC units N A N A N A 1 969 231 Spear Education, LLC LLC units N A N A N A 7 30 Spear Education, LLC LLC units N A N A N A 1 1 25 989 287 Electronic Equipment, Instruments & Components ES Acquisition LLC LP interest N A N A N A 15 26 Inventus Power, Inc. Preferred stock N A N A N A 1 372 119 Inventus Power, Inc. LLC units N A N A N A 88 153 Inventus Power, Inc. Preferred stock N A N A N A 20 42 Inventus Power, Inc. Common Stock N A N A N A 1 495 340 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 196 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Food & Staples Retailing Benihana, Inc. LLC unit N A N A N A 43 699 55 Cafe Rio Holding, Inc. Common Stock N A N A N A 5 603 765 Captain D's, LLC LLC interest N A N A N A 158 156 355 Feeders Supply Company, LLC Preferred stock N A N A N A 4 400 349 Feeders Supply Company, LLC LLC units N A N A N A Hopdoddy Holdings, LLC LLC units N A N A N A 44 217 82 Hopdoddy Holdings, LLC LLC units N A N A N A 20 61 23 Mendocino Farms, LLC Common Stock N A N A N A 169 770 0.1 817 Rubio's Restaurants, Inc. Preferred stock N A N A N A 2 945 Ruby Slipper Cafe LLC, The LLC units N A N A N A 31 373 72 Ruby Slipper Cafe LLC, The LP units N A N A N A 2 20 12 Wetzel's Pretzels, LLC Common Stock N A N A N A 416 185 Wood Fired Holding Corp. LLC units N A N A N A 437 444 147 Wood Fired Holding Corp. LLC units N A N A N A 437 5,104 0.1 2,862 Food Products C. J. Foods, Inc. Preferred stock N A N A N A 75 563 Global ID Corporation LLC interest N A N A N A 5 603 0.1 801 Purfoods, LLC LLC interest N A N A N A 379 926 0.2 5,346 1,604 0.3 6,710 Health Care Technology Connexin Software, Inc. LLC interest N A N A N A 154 192 206 Caliper Software, Inc. Preferred stock N A N A N A 3 2,734 0.1 2,954 Caliper Software, Inc. Common Stock N A N A N A 221 283 594 Caliper Software, Inc. Preferred stock N A N A N A 37 47 HealthcareSource HR, Inc. LLC interest N A N A N A 621 0.1 680 HSI Halo Acquisition, Inc. Preferred stock N A N A N A 288 253 HSI Halo Acquisition, Inc. Common Stock N A N A N A Kareo, Inc. Warrant N A N A N A 53 162 9 Kareo, Inc. Preferred stock N A N A N A 1 8 12 Kareo, Inc. Warrant N A N A N A 5 6 18 Surgical Information Systems, LLC Common Stock N A N A N A 4 414 413 Verisys Corporation LLC interest N A N A N A 579 712 354 5,457 0.2 5,540 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 197 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Healthcare Equipment and Supplies Aspen Medical Products, LLC Common Stock N A N A N A 77 68 Blue River Pet Care, LLC LLC units N A N A N A 76 88 CMI Parent Inc. LLC units N A N A N A 240 245 CMI Parent Inc. LLC units N A N A N A 2 3 Flexan, LLC LLC units N A N A N A 137 198 Flexan, LLC LLC interest N A N A N A 1 G & H Wire Company, Inc. LLC interest N A N A N A 336 269 91 Joerns Healthcare, LLC Common Stock N A N A N A 432 4,329 0.1 2,501 Katena Holdings, Inc. LLC units N A N A N A 1 573 324 Lombart Brothers, Inc. Common Stock N A N A N A 1 440 SLMP, LLC LLC interest N A N A N A 668 789 0.1 1,296 6,933 0.2 4,811 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 198 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Healthcare Providers and Services Active Day, Inc. LLC interest N A N A N A 1 1,099 372 Acuity Eyecare Holdings, LLC LLC interest N A N A N A 1,158 1,334 0.1 1,358 ADCS Clinics Intermediate Holdings, LLC Preferred stock N A N A N A 1 1,119 589 ADCS Clinics Intermediate Holdings, LLC Common Stock N A N A N A 0 6 CRH Healthcare Purchaser, Inc. LP interest N A N A N A 429 469 715 DCA Investment Holding, LLC LLC units N A N A N A 13,890 1,619 0.1 1,886 DCA Investment Holding, LLC LLC units N A N A N A 140 218 Deca Dental Management LLC LLC units N A N A N A 1,008 1,278 393 Encore GC Acquisition, LLC LLC units N A N A N A 26 272 300 Encore GC Acquisition, LLC LLC units N A N A N A 26 52 77 Encorevet Group LLC Preferred stock N A N A N A 15 13 ERG Buyer, LLC LLC units N A N A N A 1 661 31 ERG Buyer, LLC LLC units N A N A N A 8 4 Eyecare Services Partners Holdings LLC LLC units N A N A N A 262 Eyecare Services Partners Holdings LLC LLC units N A N A N A 1 IntegraMed America, Inc. LLC interest N A N A N A 417 Krueger-Gilbert Health Physics, LLC LLC interest N A N A N A 155 172 168 MD Now Holdings, Inc. LLC units N A N A N A 15 153 169 Midwest Veterinary Partners, LLC LLC units N A N A N A 29 32 Midwest Veterinary Partners, LLC LLC units N A N A N A 6 17 MWD Management, LLC & MWD Services, Inc. LLC interest N A N A N A 412 335 300 Oliver Street Dermatology Holdings, LLC LLC units N A N A N A 452 234 Pentec Acquisition Sub, Inc. Preferred stock N A N A N A 1 116 159 Pinnacle Treatment Centers, Inc. Preferred stock N A N A N A 528 0.1 631 Pinnacle Treatment Centers, Inc. LLC units N A N A N A 5 74 390 Radiology Partners, Inc. LLC units N A N A N A 11 68 59 Radiology Partners, Inc. LLC units N A N A N A 43 55 233 RXH Buyer Corporation LP interest N A N A N A 11 973 0.1 1,117 Sage Dental Management, LLC LLC units N A N A N A 249 Sage Dental Management, LLC LLC units N A N A N A 3 3 SSH Corporation Common Stock N A N A N A 40 118 Summit Behavioral Healthcare, LLC(17) LLC interest N A N A N A 2 98 156 Summit Behavioral Healthcare, LLC(17) LLC interest N A N A N A 2 WHCG Management, LLC LLC interest N A N A N A 1 414 515 12,367 0.4 9,798 Hotels, Restaurants & Leisure LMP TR Holdings, LLC LLC units N A N A N A 712 712 97 SSRG Holdings, LLC LLC units N A N A N A 6 61 35 Tropical Smoothie Cafe Holdings, LLC(17) LP units N A N A N A 5 550 550 1,323 682 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 199 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Household Durables Groundworks LLC LLC units N A N A N A 155 206 Insurance Captive Resources Midco, LLC(17) LLC units N A N A N A 425 432 Majesco LP units N A N A N A 264 264 Majesco LP units N A N A N A 59 Orchid Underwriters Agency, LLC LP interest N A N A N A 92 103 88 367 784 IT Services Appriss Holdings, Inc. Preferred stock N A N A N A 174 179 Arctic Wolfs Networks, Inc. and Arctic Wolf Networks Canada, Inc. Preferred stock N A N A N A 587 462 0.1 1,652 Arctic Wolfs Networks, Inc. and Arctic Wolf Networks Canada, Inc. Warrant N A N A N A 202 159 410 Centrify Corporation LP interest N A N A N A 1 691 372 Centrify Corporation LP interest N A N A N A 263 Episerver, Inc. LLC units N A N A N A 76 807 488 Maverick Bidco Inc. LLC units N A N A N A 2 723 0.1 804 PCS Intermediate II Holdings, LLC LLC units N A N A N A 37 367 388 Red Dawn SEI Buyer, Inc. LP interest N A N A N A 13 13 13 3,396 0.2 4,306 Leisure Products Massage Envy, LLC LLC interest N A N A N A 749 210 0.1 1,236 WBZ Investment LLC LLC interest N A N A N A 68 117 76 WBZ Investment LLC LLC interest N A N A N A 46 80 52 WBZ Investment LLC LLC interest N A N A N A 38 65 43 WBZ Investment LLC LLC interest N A N A N A 33 58 37 WBZ Investment LLC LLC interest N A N A N A 14 24 16 WBZ Investment LLC LLC interest N A N A N A 1 2 2 556 0.1 1,462 Life Sciences Tools & Services Pace Analytical Services, LLC LLC units N A N A N A 6 700 914 Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels W3 Co. LLC units N A N A N A 3 1,632 0.1 1,946 W3 Co. Preferred stock N A N A N A 224 242 1,856 0.1 2,188 Pharmaceuticals BIOVT, LLC LLC units N A N A N A 1,223 0.1 1,863 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 200 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Professional Services Brandmuscle, Inc. LLC interest N A N A N A 335 217 DISA Holdings Acquisition Subsidiary Corp. Common Stock N A N A N A 154 290 Net Health Acquisition Corp. LP interest N A N A N A 13 1,440 0.1 1,333 Nexus Brands Group, Inc. LP interest N A N A N A 547 459 Vitalyst, LLC Preferred stock N A N A N A 61 45 Vitalyst, LLC Common Stock N A N A N A 1 7 2,544 0.1 2,344 Real Estate Management & Development Property Brands, Inc. LLC units N A N A N A 63 766 989 Road & Rail Internet Truckstop Group LLC LP interest N A N A N A 408 447 364 Software Accela, Inc. LLC units N A N A N A 670 418 73 Astute Holdings, Inc. LP interest N A N A N A 294 531 Calabrio, Inc. Common Stock N A N A N A 26 205 344 Cloudbees, Inc. Preferred stock N A N A N A 71 466 378 Cloudbees, Inc. Warrant N A N A N A 131 247 307 Confluence Technologies, Inc. LLC interest N A N A N A 3 412 561 Convercent, Inc. Warrant N A N A N A 325 63 140 Digital Guardian, Inc. Preferred stock N A N A N A 356 434 309 Digital Guardian, Inc. Warrant N A N A N A 122 225 211 Digital Guardian, Inc. Preferred stock N A N A N A 74 142 128 Digital Guardian, Inc. Preferred stock N A N A N A 67 123 139 Digital Guardian, Inc. Warrant N A N A N A 12 33 50 Diligent Corporation(17) Preferred stock N A N A N A 414 912 0.1 1,811 GS Acquisitionco, Inc. LP interest N A N A N A 2 291 604 MetricStream, Inc. Warrant N A N A N A 168 263 179 mParticle, Inc. Warrant N A N A N A 26 10 92 Namely, Inc. Warrant N A N A N A 17 28 27 Onapsis, Inc., Virtual Forge GMBH and Onapsis GMBH Warrant N A N A N A 4 9 24 Personify, Inc. LLC units N A N A N A 639 828 0.1 960 Pride Midco, Inc. Preferred stock N A N A N A 2 2,594 0.1 2,907 Project Alpha Intermediate Holding, Inc. Common Stock N A N A N A 1 964 0.1 1,165 Project Alpha Intermediate Holding, Inc. Common Stock N A N A N A 202 329 1,009 Project Silverback Holdings Corp. Preferred stock N A N A N A 3 6 RegEd Aquireco, LLC LP interest N A N A N A 316 154 RegEd Aquireco, LLC LP interest N A N A N A 3 21 Saturn Borrower Inc. LP units N A N A N A 328 328 328 SnapLogic, Inc. Preferred stock N A N A N A 278 695 0.1 1,030 SnapLogic, Inc. Warrant N A N A N A 69 27 180 Telesoft Holdings LLC LP interest N A N A N A 6 6 6 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 201 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Software - (continued) Vendavo, Inc. Preferred stock N A N A N A 1,017 1,017 0.1 1,528 Workforce Software, LLC Common Stock N A N A N A 973 306 Xmatters, Inc. and Alarmpoint, Inc. Preferred stock N A N A N A 474 494 0.1 643 Xmatters, Inc. and Alarmpoint, Inc. Warrant N A N A N A 84 64 29 Xmatters, Inc. and Alarmpoint, Inc. Preferred stock N A N A N A 20 26 26 13,263 0.7 16,179 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 202 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Specialty Retail 2nd Ave. LLC LP interest N A N A N A 653 653 561 Batteries Plus Holding Corporation LP interest N A N A N A 10 1,287 0.1 1,245 Cycle Gear, Inc. LLC units N A N A N A 27 462 775 DTLR, Inc. LLC interest N A N A N A 4 411 0.1 1,233 Imperial Optical Midco Inc. Preferred stock N A N A N A 122 123 Jet Equipment & Tools Ltd.(8)(9)(12) LLC units N A N A N A 1 947 0.1 1,919 Paper Source, Inc. Common Stock N A N A N A 8 1,387 Pet Holdings ULC(8)(12) LP interest N A N A N A 677 483 221 Pet Supplies Plus, LLC(17) LLC units N A N A N A 144 181 424 PPV Intermediate Holdings II, LLC LLC interest N A N A N A 241 231 332 Sola Franchise, LLC and Sola Salon Studios, LLC LLC units N A N A N A 4 496 465 Sola Franchise, LLC and Sola Salon Studios, LLC LLC units N A N A N A 1 101 88 Southern Veterinary Partners, LLC LLC units N A N A N A 1 717 930 Southern Veterinary Partners, LLC LLC units N A N A N A 148 188 0.1 1,097 7,666 0.4 9,413 Technology Hardware, Storage & Peripherals Agility Recovery Solutions Inc. LLC units N A N A N A 97 604 721 Textiles, Apparel & Luxury Goods Elite Sportswear, L.P. LLC interest N A N A N A 165 Georgica Pine Clothiers, LLC(17) LLC interest N A N A N A 20 239 118 Georgica Pine Clothiers, LLC(17) LLC units N A N A N A R.G. Barry Corporation Preferred stock N A N A N A 161 109 565 227 Total non-controlled non-affiliate company equity investments 78,374 3.4 84,872 Total non-controlled non-affiliate company investments 4,237,154 4,328,227 174.2 4,177,474 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 203 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Non-controlled affiliate company investments (18) 
 Debt investments Beverages Uinta Brewing Company(7) One stop L + 4.00 (a) 5.00 08 2021 962 925 210 Uinta Brewing Company(7) One stop L + 4.00 (a) 5.00 08 2021 508 503 376 1,470 1,428 586 Consumer Finance Paradigm DKD Group, LLC(7) Senior loan L + 6.25 (c) 7.50 05 2022 3,228 2,103 0.1 2,449 Paradigm DKD Group, LLC(5)(7) Senior loan L + 6.25 (c) N A(6) 05 2022 (142) 3 3,228 1,961 0.1 2,452 Electronic Equipment, Instruments and Components Sloan Company, Inc., The(7) One stop L + 8.50 (c) 9.50 04 2023 4,708 4,074 0.2 3,483 Sloan Company, Inc., The One stop L + 8.50 (c) 9.50 04 2023 651 651 651 Sloan Company, Inc., The(7) One stop L + 8.50 (c) 9.50 04 2023 312 272 231 5,671 4,997 0.2 4,365 Energy, Equipment & Services Benetech, Inc.+ One stop L + 6.00 (a) 7.25 08 2023 4,044 4,044 0.1 2,426 Benetech, Inc. One stop L + 6.00 (a)(f) 7.36 08 2023 730 730 246 4,774 4,774 0.1 2,672 Healthcare Providers and Services Dental Holdings Corporation #(7) One stop L + 6.00 (c) 7.00 03 2023 10,661 10,614 0.3 8,847 Dental Holdings Corporation One stop L + 6.00 (a)(c) 7.00 03 2023 112 112 112 Elite Dental Partners LLC One stop L + 5.25 (c) 2.00 cash 4.25 PIK 06 2023 11,338 11,376 0.5 10,997 Elite Dental Partners LLC One stop L + 5.25 N A(6) 06 2023 22,111 22,102 0.8 19,956 Software Switchfly LLC One stop L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 10 1 2023 5,807 5,641 0.2 4,762 Switchfly LLC One stop L + 5.00 (c) 6.00 10 1 2023 485 471 398 Switchfly LLC One stop L + 5.00 (b)(c) 6.00 10 1 2023 36 36 30 Switchfly LLC(5) One stop L + 8.50 (c) 9.50 10 1 2023 2 2 (21) 6,330 6,150 0.2 5,169 Total non-controlled affiliate debt investments 43,584 41,412 1.4 35,200 Equity Investments (15)(16) 
 Beverages Uinta Brewing Company Common Stock N A N A N A 153 17 Consumer Finance Paradigm DKD Group, LLC+ LLC units N A N A N A 354 115 8 Paradigm DKD Group, LLC+ LLC units N A N A N A 71 Paradigm DKD Group, LLC+ LLC units N A N A N A 2,004 115 8 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 204 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Electronic Equipment, Instruments and Components Sloan Company, Inc., The LLC units N A N A N A 152 Sloan Company, Inc., The LLC units N A N A N A 2 14 Sloan Company, Inc., The LLC units N A N A N A 40 206 Energy, Equipment & Services Benetech, Inc. LLC interest N A N A N A 59 Benetech, Inc. LLC interest N A N A N A 59 Healthcare Providers and Services Dental Holdings Corporation # Common Stock N A N A N A 390 361 Elite Dental Partners LLC Preferred stock N A N A N A 2,902 0.1 2,902 Elite Dental Partners LLC LLC units N A N A N A 1,250 0.1 1,250 Elite Dental Partners LLC LLC units N A N A N A 219 4,542 0.2 4,732 Software Switchfly LLC LLC units N A N A N A 3,418 2,320 0.1 2,060 Total non-controlled affiliate equity investments 7,200 0.3 6,800 Total non-controlled affiliate investments 43,584 48,612 1.7 42,000 Controlled affiliate company investments (19) 
 Debt Investments IT Services MMan Acquisition Co. (7) One stop N A 10.00 PIK 08 2023 22,527 19,774 0.7 16,853 MMan Acquisition Co.(7) One stop L + 8.00 8.00 PIK 08 2023 1,358 1,358 0.1 1,358 23,885 21,132 0.8 18,211 Total controlled affiliate debt investments 23,885 21,132 0.8 18,211 Equity Investments (15)(16) 
 IT Services MMan Acquisition Co. + Common stocks N A N A N A 929 525 Total controlled affiliate investments 23,885 22,061 0.8 18,736 Total investments 4,304,623 4,398,900 176.7 4,238,210 Money market funds (included in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents) BlackRock Liquidity Funds T-Fund Institutional Shares (CUSIP 09248U718) 0.03 (20) 
 37,205 1.6 37,205 Total money market funds 37,205 1.6 37,205 Total Investments and Money Market Funds 4,436,105 178.3 4,275,415 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 205 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

Denotes that all or a portion of the loan secures the notes offered in the 2018 Debt Securitization (as defined in Note 7). # 
 Denotes that all or a portion of the loan secures the notes offered in the GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization (as defined in Note 7). 
 Denotes that all or a portion of the loan secures the notes offered in the 2020 Debt Securitization (as defined in Note 7). + 
 Denotes that all or a portion of the loan collateralizes the WF Credit Facility (as defined in Note 7). ! 
 Denotes that all or a portion of the loan collateralizes the DB Credit Facility (as defined in Note 7). 
 Denotes that all or a portion of the loan collateralizes the MS Credit Facility II (as defined in Note 7). 
 (1) The majority of the investments bear interest at a rate that is permitted to be determined by reference to LIBOR denominated in U.S. dollars or GBP, EURIBOR, or Prime which reset daily, monthly, quarterly, semiannually, or annually. For each, the Company has provided the spread over LIBOR, EURIBOR or Prime and the weighted average current interest rate in effect as of September 30, 2020. Certain investments are subject to a LIBOR, EURIBOR or Prime interest rate floor. For fixed rate loans, a spread above a reference rate is not applicable. For positions with multiple oustanding contracts, the spread for the largest outstanding contract is shown. Listed below are the index rates as of September 30, 2020, which was the last business day of the period on which LIBOR or EURIBOR was determined. The actual index rate for each loan listed may not be the applicable index rate outstanding as of September 30, 2020 , as the loan may have priced or repriced based on an index rate prior to September 30, 2020. 
 (a) Denotes that all or a portion of the loan was indexed to the 30-day LIBOR, which was 0.15 as of September 30, 2020. 
 (b) Denotes that all or a portion of the loan was indexed to the 60-day LIBOR, which was 0.19 as of September 30, 2020. 
 (c) Denotes that all or a portion of the loan was indexed to the 90-day LIBOR, which was 0.23 as of September 30, 2020. 
 (d) Denotes that all or a portion of the loan was indexed to the 180-day LIBOR, which was 0.26 as of September 30, 2020. 
 (e) Denotes that all or a portion of the loan was indexed to the 360-day LIBOR, which was 0.36 as of September 30, 2020. 
 (f) Denotes that all or a portion of the loan was indexed to the Prime rate, which was 3.25 as of September 30, 2020. 
 (g) Denotes that all or a portion of the loan was indexed to the 90-day EURIBOR, which was -0.50 as of September 30, 2020. 
 (h) Denotes that all or a portion of the loan was indexed to the 90-day GBP LIBOR, which was 0.06 as of September 30, 2020. 
 (i) Denotes that all or a portion of the loan was indexed to the 180-day GBP LIBOR, which was 0.09 as of September 30, 2020. 
 (j) Denotes that all or a portion of the loan was indexed to the Australia Three Month Interbank Rate, which was 0.14 , as of September 30, 2020. 
 (k) Denotes that all or a portion of the loan was indexed to the 90-day Canadian Bankers Acceptances Rate, which was 0.51 , as of September 30, 2020. 
 (2) For positions with multiple interest rate contracts, the interest rate shown is a weighted average current interest rate in effect as of September 30, 2020. 
 (3) The total principal amount is presented for debt investments while the number of shares or units owned is presented for equity investments. 
 (4) The fair value of the investment was valued using significant unobservable inputs. See Note 6. Fair Value Measurements. 
 (5) The negative fair value is the result of the capitalized discount on the loan or the unfunded commitment being valued below par. The negative amortized cost is the result of the capitalized discount being greater than the principal amount outstanding on the loan. 
 (6) The entire commitment was unfunded as of September 30, 2020. As such, no interest is being earned on this investment. The investment may be subject to an unused facility fee. 
 (7) Loan was on non-accrual status as of September 30, 2020, meaning that the Company has ceased recognizing interest income on the loan. 
 (8) The investment is treated as a non-qualifying asset under Section 55(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). Under the 1940 Act, the Company can not acquire any non-qualifying asset unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the Company's total assets. As of September 30, 2020, total non-qualifying assets at fair value represented 4.7 of the Company's total assets calculated in accordance with the 1940 Act. 
 (9) Investment is denominated in foreign currency and is translated into U.S. dollars as of the valuation date or the date of the transaction. See Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Updates - Foreign Currency Transactions. 
 (10) The headquarters of this portfolio company is located in the United Kingdom. 
 (11) The headquarters of this portfolio company is located in Australia. 
 (12) The headquarters of this portfolio company is located in Canada. 
 (13) The headquarters of this portfolio company is located in Luxembourg. 
 (14) The headquarters of this portfolio company is located in Andorra. 
 (15) Equity investments are non-income producing securities unless otherwise noted. 
 (16) Ownership of certain equity investments occurs through a holding company or partnership. 
 (17) The Company holds an equity investment that entitles it to receive preferential dividends. 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 206 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 (18) As defined in the 1940 Act, the Company is deemed to be an affiliated person of the portfolio company as the Company owns five percent or more of the portfolio company's voting securities non-controlled affiliate ). Transactions related to investments in non-controlled affiliates for the year ended September 30, 2020 were as follows Portfolio Company 
 Fair value as of September 30, 2019 Gross Additions (l) 
 Gross Reductions (m) 
 Net change in unrealized gain (loss) Net realized gain (loss) Fair value as of September 30, 2020 Interest, dividend and fee income Benetech, Inc. 
 3,747 1,049 (1,066) (1,058) 2,672 639 Dental Holdings Corporation (n) 
 17,771 (4,257) (946) (3,248) 9,320 292 Elite Dental Partners LLC (p) 
 51,406 (30,254) 770 (6,554) 15,368 1,307 Paradigm DKD Group, LLC (o) 
 3,371 (1,323) 412 2,460 (40) Sloan Company, Inc., The (n) 
 18,483 (11,395) 2,067 (4,790) 4,365 (11) Switchfly LLC 
 7,783 639 (95) (1,098) 7,229 387 Uinta Brewing Company 
 1,045 2,072 (1,762) (769) 586 2 Total Non-Controlled Affiliates 
 12,575 94,791 (50,152) (622) (14,592) 42,000 2,576 
 (l) 
 Gross additions may include increases in the cost basis of investments resulting from new investments, amounts related to PIK interest capitalized and added to the principal balance of the respective loans, the accretion of discounts, the exchange of one or more existing investments for one or more new investments and the movement of an existing portfolio company into this affiliated category from a different category. 
 (m) 
 Gross reductions may include decreases in the cost basis of investments resulting from principal collections related to investment repayments and sales, the amortization of premiums and the exchange of one or more existing securities for one or more new securities. (n) 
 During the three months ended March 31, 2020, the Company's ownership increased to over five percent of the portfolio company's voting securities. (o) 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2020, the Company's ownership increased to over five percent of the portfolio company's voting securities. (p) 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2020, the Company's ownership increased to over five percent of the portfolio company's voting securities. 
 (19) As defined in the 1940 Act, the Company is deemed to be both an affiliated person of and control this portfolio company as the Company owns more than 25 of the portfolio company's outstanding voting securities or has the power to exercise control over management or policies of such portfolio company (including through a management agreement) controlled affiliate ). Transactions related to investments in controlled affiliates for the year ended September 30, 2020 were as follows Portfolio Company 
 Fair value as of September 30, 2019 Gross Additions (q) 
 Gross Reductions (r) 
 Net change in unrealized gain (loss) Net realized gain (loss) Fair value as of September 30, 2020 Interest, dividend and fee income MMan Acquisition Co. (s) 
 31,433 (11,842) (855) 18,736 (86) Senior Loan Fund LLC (t) 
 74,386 (74,838) 496 (44) GCIC Senior Loan Fund LLC (u) 
 49,258 (48,613) 3,347 (3,992) 1,905 Total Controlled Affiliates 
 123,644 31,433 (135,293) 2,988 (4,036) 18,736 1,819 
 (q) 
 Gross additions may include increases in the cost basis of investments resulting from new investments, amounts related to PIK interest capitalized and added to the principal balance of the respective loans, the accretion of discounts, the exchange of one or more existing investments for one or more new investments and the movement of an existing portfolio company into this affiliated category from a different category. (r) 
 Gross reductions may include decreases in the cost basis of investments resulting from principal collections related to investment repayments or sales, reductions in cost basis due to the Purchase Agreement (defined in Note 1), the amortization of premiums and the exchange of one or more existing securities for one or more new. (s) 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2019, the Company's ownership increased to over twenty-five percent of the portfolio company's voting securities. (t) 
 Prior to the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement (defined in Note 1) on January 1, 2020, together with RGA Reinsurance Company RGA ), the Company co-invested through Senior Loan Fund SLF ). SLF was capitalized as transactions were completed and all portfolio and investment decisions in respect to SLF were approved by the SLF investment committee consisting of two representatives of the Company and RGA (with unanimous approval required from (i) one representative of each of the Company and RGA or (ii) both representatives of each of the Company and RGA). Therefore, although the Company owned more than 25 of the voting securities of SLF, the Company did not have sole control over significant actions of SLF for purposes of the 1940 Act or otherwise. (u) 
 Prior to the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement (defined in Note 1) on January 1, 2020, together with Aurora National Life Assurance Company Aurora ), the Company co-invested through GCIC Senior Loan Fund GCIC SLF ), following the acquisition of GCIC SLF in the merger with GCIC (described in Note 1). GCIC SLF was capitalized as transactions were completed and all portfolio and investment decisions in respect to GCIC SLF were approved by the GCIC SLF investment committee consisting of two representatives of the Company and Aurora (with unanimous approval required from (i) one representative of each of the Company and Aurora or (ii) both representatives of each of the Company and Aurora). Therefore, although the Company owned more than 25 of the voting securities of GCIC SLF, the Company did not have sole control over significant actions of GCIC SLF for purposes of the 1940 Act or otherwise. 
 (20) The rate shown is the annualized seven-day yield as of September 30, 2020. 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 207 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 Note 1. Organization 
 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. GBDC and, collectively with its subsidiaries, the Company is an externally managed, closed-end, non-diversified management investment company. GBDC has elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). In addition, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, GBDC has elected to be treated as a regulated investment company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). 
 
 The Company s investment strategy is to invest primarily in one stop (a loan that combines characteristics of traditional first lien senior secured loans and second lien or subordinated loans and that are often referred to by other middle-market lenders as unitranche loans) and other senior secured loans of U.S. middle-market companies. The Company also selectively invests in second lien and subordinated (a loan that ranks senior only to a borrower s equity securities and ranks junior to all of such borrower s other indebtedness in priority of payment) loans of, and warrants and minority equity securities in, U.S. middle-market companies. The Company has entered into the Investment Advisory Agreement (defined below) with GC Advisors LLC (the Investment Adviser ), under which the Investment Adviser manages the day-to-day operations of, and provides investment advisory services to, the Company. Under an administration agreement (the Administration Agreement the Company is provided with certain services by an administrator (the Administrator ), which is currently Golub Capital LLC. 
 
 On September 16, 2019, the Company completed its acquisition of Golub Capital Investment Corporation GCIC ), a Maryland corporation, pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (as amended, the Merger Agreement ), dated as of November 27, 2018, by and among the Company, GCIC, Fifth Ave Subsidiary Inc., a Maryland corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ), the Investment Adviser, and, for certain limited purposes, the Administrator. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub was first merged with and into GCIC, with GCIC as the surviving company (the Initial Merger ), and, immediately following the Initial Merger, GCIC was then merged with and into the Company, with the Company as the surviving company (the Initial Merger and the subsequent merger, collectively, the Merger ). Upon consummation of the Merger, the Company entered into the Third Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement dated as of September 16, 2019 with the Investment Adviser (the Investment Advisory Agreement ). The Investment Advisory Agreement replaced the Second Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement by and between the Company and the Investment Adviser dated as of August 4, 2014 (the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement ). Refer to Note 3 for more information on the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement. 
 
 On January 1, 2020 the Company entered into a purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with RGA Reinsurance Company RGA ), Aurora National Life Assurance Company Aurora ), Senior Loan Fund SLF ), and GCIC Senior Loan Fund LLC GCIC SLF ). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, RGA and Aurora (together the Transferors agreed to sell their limited liability company LLC equity interests in SLF and GCIC SLF, respectively, to the Company, effective as of January 1, 2020. As a result of the Purchase Agreement, on January 1, 2020, SLF and GCIC SLF became wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company and the capital commitments of the Transferors to SLF and GCIC SLF were terminated. 

Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Updates 
 
 Basis of presentation The Company is an investment company as defined in the accounting and reporting guidance under Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 946 Financial Services Investment Companies ASC Topic 946 ). 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Company and related financial information have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP for the financial information and pursuant to the requirements for reporting on Form 10-K and Regulation S-X. In the opinion of management, the consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments and reclassifications consisting solely of normal accruals that are necessary for the fair presentation of financial results as of and for the periods presented. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. 
 
 Fair value of financial instruments The Company applies fair value to all of its financial instruments in accordance with ASC Topic 820 Fair Value Measurement ASC Topic 820 ). ASC Topic 820 defines fair 
 208 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 value, establishes a framework used to measure fair value and requires disclosures for fair value measurements. In accordance with ASC Topic 820, the Company has categorized its financial instruments carried at fair value, based on the priority of the valuation technique, into a three-level fair value hierarchy. Fair value is a market-based measure considered from the perspective of the market participant who holds the financial instrument rather than an entity-specific measure. Therefore, when market assumptions are not readily available, the Company s own assumptions are set to reflect those that management believes market participants would use in pricing the financial instrument at the measurement date. 
 
 The availability of observable inputs can vary depending on the financial instrument and is affected by a wide variety of factors, including, for example, the type of product, whether the product is new, whether the product is traded on an active exchange or in the secondary market and the current market conditions. To the extent that the valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value requires more judgment. Accordingly, the degree of judgment exercised by the Company in determining fair value is greatest for financial instruments classified as Level 3. 
 
 Any changes to the valuation methodology are reviewed by management and the Company s board of directors (the Board to confirm that the changes are appropriate. As markets change, new products develop and the pricing for products becomes more or less transparent, the Company will continue to refine its valuation methodologies. See further description of fair value methodology in Note 6. Fair Value Measurements. 
 
 Use of estimates The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 
 Consolidation As provided under Regulation S-X and ASC Topic 946, the Company will generally not consolidate its investment in a company other than an investment company subsidiary or a controlled operating company whose business consists of providing services to the Company. Accordingly, the Company consolidated the results of the Company s wholly-owned subsidiaries Golub Capital BDC CLO 2014 LLC 2014 Issuer ), Golub Capital BDC CLO III Depositor LLC 2018 CLO Depositor ), Golub Capital BDC CLO III LLC 2018 Issuer ), Golub Capital BDC Funding LLC Funding ), Golub Capital BDC Funding II LLC Funding II ), Golub Capital BDC Holdings, LLC BDC Holdings ), GC SBIC IV, L.P. SBIC IV ), GC SBIC V, L.P. SBIC V ), GC SBIC VI, L.P. SBIC VI ), GCIC Holdings LLC GCIC Holdings ), GCIC Funding LLC GCIC Funding ), GCIC CLO II Depositor LLC GCIC 2018 CLO Depositor ), GCIC CLO II LLC GCIC 2018 Issuer ), Golub Capital BDC CLO 4 Depositor LLC 2020 CLO Depositor ), GCIC Funding II LLC GCIC Funding II ), SLF, Senior Loan Fund II LLC SLF II ), GCIC SLF and GCIC Senior Loan Fund II LLC GCIC SLF II and, prior to its dissolution on August 26, 2021, Golub Capital BDC CLO 4 LLC 2020 Issuer ). Prior to January 1, 2020, the Company did not consolidate its non-controlling interests in SLF, SLF II, GCIC SLF and GCIC SLF II (collectively, the Senior Loan Funds or SLFs ). See further description of the Company s previous investments in the SLFs in Note 4. Investments. 
 
 Assets related to transactions that do not meet ASC Topic 860 requirements for accounting sale treatment are reflected in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as investments. Those assets are owned by special purpose entities, including BDC Holdings, 2018 Issuer, Funding II, GCIC Holdings and the GCIC 2018 Issuer that are consolidated in the Company s consolidated financial statements. The creditors of the special purpose entities have received security interests in such assets and such assets are not intended to be available to the creditors of GBDC (or any affiliate of GBDC). 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents and foreign currencies Cash, cash equivalents and foreign currencies are highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less at the date of acquisition. The Company deposits its cash in financial institutions and, at times, such balances exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance limits. 
 
 Restricted cash and cash equivalents and restricted foreign currencies Restricted cash and cash equivalents and restricted foreign currencies include amounts that are collected and are held by trustees who have been appointed as custodians of the assets securing certain of the Company s financing transactions. Restricted cash and 
 209 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 cash equivalents and restricted foreign currencies are held by the trustees for payment of interest expense and principal on the outstanding borrowings or reinvestment into new assets. In addition, for periods prior to the surrender of the applicable small business investment company SBIC licenses, restricted cash and cash equivalents included amounts held within the Company s SBIC subsidiaries. The amounts held within the SBICs were generally restricted to the originations of new loans by the SBICs and the payment of U.S. Small Business Administration SBA debentures and related interest expense. 
 
 Foreign currency translation The Company s books and records are maintained in U.S. dollars. Any foreign currency amounts are translated into U.S. dollars on the following basis 
 
 (1) cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents, fair value of investments, interest receivable, and other assets and liabilities at the spot exchange rate on the last business day of the period and 
 
 (2) purchases and sales of investments, income and expenses at the exchange rates prevailing on the respective dates of such transactions. 
 
 Although net assets and fair values are presented based on the applicable foreign exchange rates described above, the Company does not isolate that portion of the results of operations resulting from changes in foreign exchange rates on investments from the fluctuations arising from changes in fair values of investments held. Such fluctuations are included with the net realized and unrealized gain or loss from investments. Fluctuations arising from the translation of assets other than investments and liabilities are included with the net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on translation of assets and liabilities in foreign currencies on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Foreign security and currency transactions involve certain considerations and risks not typically associated with investing in U.S. companies. These risks include, but are not limited to, currency fluctuations and revaluations and future adverse political, social and economic developments, which could cause investments in foreign markets to be less liquid and prices more volatile than those of comparable U.S. companies or U.S. government securities. 
 
 Forward currency contracts A forward currency contract is an obligation between two parties to purchase or sell a specific currency for an agreed-upon price at a future date. The Company utilized forward currency contracts to economically hedge the currency exposure associated with certain foreign-denominated investments. The use of forward currency contracts does not eliminate fluctuations in the price of the underlying securities the Company owns or intends to acquire but establishes a rate of exchange in advance. Fluctuations in the value of these contracts are measured by the difference in the exchange rates on the contract date and reporting date and are recorded as unrealized appreciation (depreciation) until the contracts are closed. When the contracts are closed, realized gains (losses) are recorded. Realized gains (losses) and unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on the contracts are included in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on forward currency contracts is recorded on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition by counterparty on a net basis, not taking into account collateral posted which is recorded separately, if applicable. 
 
 The primary risks associated with forward currency contracts include failure of the counterparty to meet the terms of the contract and the value of the foreign currency changing unfavorably. These risks can exceed the amounts reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 
 Refer to Note 5 for more information regarding the forward currency contracts. 
 
 Revenue recognition 
 
 Investments and related investment income Interest income is accrued based upon the outstanding principal amount and contractual interest terms of debt investments. 
 
 Loan origination fees, original issue discount and market discount or premium are capitalized, and the Company accretes or amortizes such amounts over the life of the loan as interest income. For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019, interest income included 21,399, 16,437, and 8,572, respectively, of accretion of 
 210 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 discounts. For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019, the Company received loan origination fees of 34,215, 13,072, and 10,833, respectively. 
 
 For investments with contractual PIK interest, which represents contractual interest accrued and added to the principal balance that generally becomes due at maturity, the Company will not accrue PIK interest if the portfolio company valuation indicates that the PIK interest is not collectible. For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019, the Company capitalized PIK interest of 16,092, 10,956, and 2,951, respectively, into the principal balance of certain debt investments. 
 
 In addition, the Company generates revenue in the form of amendment, structuring or due diligence fees, fees for providing managerial assistance, consulting fees and prepayment premiums on loans. The Company records these fees as fee income when earned. All other income is recorded into income when earned. For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019, fee income included 3,200, 1,184, and 681, respectively, of prepayment premiums, which fees are non-recurring. 
 
 For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019, the Company received interest and fee income in cash, which excludes capitalized loan origination fees, in the amounts of 301,687, 312,933, and 152,359, respectively. 
 
 Dividend income on preferred equity securities is recorded as dividend income on an accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are payable by the portfolio company and are expected to be collected. Dividend income on common equity securities is recorded on the record date for private portfolio companies or on the ex-dividend date for publicly traded portfolio companies. Each distribution received from LLC and limited partnership LP investments is evaluated to determine if the distribution should be recorded as dividend income or a return of capital. Generally, the Company will not record distributions from equity investments in LLCs and LPs as dividend income unless there are sufficient accumulated tax-basis earnings and profits in the LLC or LP prior to the distribution. Distributions that are classified as a return of capital are recorded as a reduction in the cost basis of the investment. 
 
 For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019, excluding the Company's investments in LLC equity interests in the SLFs, the Company recorded dividend income of 1,720, 291, and 349, respectively, and return of capital distributions of 542, 697, and 124, respectively. For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, the Company recorded dividend income of 1,905, and 1,219, respectively, and return of capital distributions of 4,375, and 2,275, respectively, from the Company's investments in LLC equity interests in the SLFs. 
 
 Investment transactions are accounted for on a trade-date basis. Realized gains or losses on investments are measured by the difference between the net proceeds from the disposition and the amortized cost basis of investment, without regard to unrealized gains or losses previously recognized. The Company reports current period changes in fair value of investments that are measured at fair value as a component of the net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments and foreign currency translation in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Non-accrual loans A loan can be left on accrual status during the period the Company is pursuing repayment of the loan. Management reviews all loans that become 90 days or more past due on principal and interest, or when there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected, for possible placement on non-accrual status. When a loan is placed on non-accrual status, unpaid interest credited to income is reversed. Additionally, any original issue discount and market discount are no longer accreted to interest income as of the date the loan is placed on non-accrual status. Interest payments received on non-accrual loans are recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon management s judgment. Non-accrual loans are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest is paid and, in management s judgment, payments are likely to remain current. The total fair value of non-accrual loans was 46,104 and 69,315 as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Purchase accounting The Merger was accounted for under the asset acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805 Business Combinations Related Issues ASC Topic 805 ), also referred to as purchase accounting. Under asset acquisition accounting, acquiring assets in groups not only requires ascertaining the cost of the asset (or net assets), but also allocating that cost to the individual assets (or individual assets and liabilities) that make up the group. Per ASC Topic 805, assets are recognized based on their cost to the acquiring entity, which generally includes transaction costs of the asset acquisition, and no gain or loss is recognized unless 
 211 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 the fair value of noncash assets given as consideration differs from the assets carrying amounts on the acquiring entity s books. 
 
 The cost of the group of assets acquired in an asset acquisition is allocated to the individual assets acquired or liabilities assumed based on the relative fair values of net identifiable assets acquired other than non-qualifying assets (for example cash) and does not give rise to goodwill. To the extent that the consideration paid to GCIC s stockholders exceeded the relative fair values of the net identifiable assets of GCIC acquired other than non-qualifying assets, any such premium paid by the Company was further allocated to the cost of the GCIC assets acquired by the Company pro-rata to their relative fair value, other than non-qualifying assets. As GCIC did not have any qualifying assets at the time of acquisition, the premium was allocated to non-qualifying assets, which are GCIC s investments in loans and equity securities, including its investment in GCIC SLF. Immediately following the acquisition of GCIC, the Company recorded its assets at their respective fair values and, as a result, the purchase premium allocated to the cost basis of the GCIC assets acquired was immediately recognized as unrealized depreciation on the Company's Consolidated Statement of Operations. The purchase premium allocated to investments in loan securities will amortize over the life of the loans through interest income, with a corresponding reversal of the unrealized depreciation on the loans acquired from GCIC through their ultimate disposition. Amortization expense of purchase premium for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 was 30,793, 39,920 and 1,381, respectively.The purchase premium allocated to investments in equity securities will not amortize over the life of the equity securities through interest income and, assuming no subsequent change to the fair value of the equity securities acquired from GCIC and disposition of such equity securities at fair value, the Company will recognize a realized loss with a corresponding reversal of the unrealized depreciation upon disposition of the equity securities acquired from GCIC. 
 
 The Company's purchase of the equity interests in the Senior Loan Funds was accounted for under the asset acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC Topic 805. As of January 1, 2020, the Company allocated the cost to acquire the net assets of the Senior Loans Funds to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on the relative fair values of identifiable assets and liabilities. The total consideration transferred by the Company to acquire the Senior Loans Funds was 140,124, which was comprised of 17,011 paid to RGA and Aurora for their minority interests in the Senior Loan Funds and the derecognition of the Company's existing carrying cost of the investments in the Senior Loans Funds, as of January 1, 2020, of 123,113. As of January 1, 2020, the fair value of the net assets of the Senior Loan Funds was 136,088, which resulted in a 4,036 purchase premium that the Company recognized as realized loss in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Income taxes The Company has elected to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code and operates in a manner so as to qualify for the tax treatment applicable to RICs. In order to qualify and be subject to tax as a RIC, among other things, the Company is required to meet certain source of income and asset diversification requirements and timely distribute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes to its stockholders of an amount generally at least equal to 90 of investment company taxable income, as defined by the Code and determined without regard to any deduction for dividends paid, for each tax year. The Company has made, and intends to continue to make, the requisite distributions to its stockholders, which will generally relieve the Company from U.S. federal income taxes with respect to all income distributed to its stockholders. 
 
 Depending on the level of taxable income earned in a tax year, the Company can determine to retain taxable income in excess of current year dividend distributions and distribute such taxable income in the next tax year. The Company may then be required to incur a 4 excise tax on such income. To the extent that the Company determines that its estimated current year annual taxable income, determined on a calendar year basis, could exceed estimated current calendar year dividend distributions, the Company accrues excise tax, if any, on estimated excess taxable income as taxable income is earned. No U.S. federal excise tax was accrued or paid for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019. 
 
 The Company accounts for income taxes in conformity with ASC Topic 740 Income Taxes ASC Topic 740 ). ASC Topic 740 provides guidelines for how uncertain tax positions should be recognized, measured, presented and disclosed in financial statements. ASC Topic 740 requires the evaluation of tax positions taken in the course of preparing the Company s tax returns to determine whether the tax positions are more-likely-than-not to be sustained by the applicable tax authority. Tax benefits of positions not deemed to meet the more-likely-than-not threshold would be recorded as a tax expense or tax benefit in the current year. It is the Company s policy to 
 212 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 recognize accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax benefits in income tax expense. There were no material unrecognized tax benefits or unrecognized tax liabilities related to uncertain income tax positions through September 30, 2021. The Company's tax returns for the 2018 through 2020 tax years remain subject to examination by U.S. federal and most state tax authorities. 
 
 Certain of the Company's consolidated subsidiaries are subject to U.S. federal and state corporate-level income taxes. Income tax expense, if any, is included under the income category for which it applies in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 
 Dividends and distributions Dividends and distributions to common stockholders are recorded on the ex-dividend date. The amount to be paid out as a dividend or distribution is determined by the Board each quarter and is generally based upon the earnings estimated by management. Net realized capital gains, if any, are distributed at least annually, although the Company can retain such capital gains for investment in its discretion. 
 
 The Company has adopted a dividend reinvestment plan DRIP that provides for reinvestment of any distributions the Company declares in cash on behalf of its stockholders, unless a stockholder elects to receive cash. As a result, if the Board authorizes and the Company declares a cash distribution, then stockholders who participate in the DRIP will have their cash distribution reinvested in additional shares of the Company s common stock, rather than receiving the cash distribution. The Company expects to use newly issued shares under the guidelines of the DRIP if the Company s shares are trading at a premium to net asset value. The Company can purchase shares in the open market in connection with the obligations under the plan, and in particular, if the Company s shares are trading at a significant discount to net asset value NAV and the Company is otherwise permitted under applicable law to purchase such shares, the Company intends to purchase shares in the open market in connection with any obligations under the DRIP. 
 
 In the event the market price per share of the Company s common stock on the date of a distribution exceeds the most recently computed NAV per share of the common stock, the Company will issue shares of common stock to participants in the DRIP at the greater of the most recently computed NAV per share of common stock or 95 of the current market price per share of common stock (or such lesser discount to the current market price per share that still exceeds the most recently computed NAV per share of common stock). 
 
 Share repurchase plan The Company has a share repurchase program (the Program which allows the Company to repurchase the Company s outstanding common stock on the open market at prices below the Company s NAV as reported in its most recently published consolidated financial statements. The Board most recently reapproved the Program in August 2021 and the Program is implemented at the discretion of management. Shares can be purchased from time to time at prevailing market prices, through open market transactions, including block transactions. The Program permits repurchases up to 150,000 of the Company's common stock. Prior to August 6, 2019, the Program permitted up to 75,000 in repurchases. The Company did not make any repurchases of its common stock during each of the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019. 
 
 Equity Distribution Agreement On May 28, 2021, the Company entered into an equity distribution agreement (the Equity Distribution Agreement ), by and among the Company, the Investment Adviser, Golub Capital LLC and SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc. (the Placement Agent ), in connection with the sale by the Company of shares of its common stock, having an aggregate offering price of up to 250,000, in an at the market offering , in amounts and at times to be determined by the Company. Actual sales, if any, will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by the Company from time to time, including, among others, market conditions and the market price of the Company's common stock. The Equity Distribution Agreement provides that the Company may offer and sell shares from time to time through the Placement Agent, or to it. Sales of the shares, if any, may be made in negotiated transactions or transactions that are deemed to be at the market, as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including sales made directly on The Nasdaq Global Select Market or any similar securities exchange or sales made to or through a market maker other than on a securities exchange, at prices related to the prevailing market prices or at negotiated prices. Pursuant to the terms of the Equity Distribution Agreement, the Placement Agent will receive a commission from the Company of up to 1.25 of the gross sales price of any shares sold through the Placement Agent under the Equity Distribution Agreement. Offering costs for the Equity Distribution Agreement are charged against the proceeds from equity offerings when proceeds are received. During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company did not issue any shares of common stock under the Equity Distribution Agreement. 
 213 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

Deferred debt issuance costs Deferred debt issuance costs represent fees and other direct incremental costs incurred in connection with the Company s borrowings. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company had deferred debt issuance costs of 17,850 and 5,896, respectively. These amounts are amortized and included in interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations over the estimated average life of the borrowings. Amortization expense for deferred debt issuance costs for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019, was 10,203, 3,534, and 2,096, respectively. 
 
 Deferred offering costs Deferred offering costs consist of fees paid in relation to legal, accounting, regulatory and printing work completed in preparation of equity offerings. Deferred offering costs are charged against the proceeds from equity offerings when received. These amounts are included in other assets on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 

Note 3. Related Party Transactions 
 
 Investment Advisory Agreement Under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Investment Adviser manages the day-to-day operations of, and provides investment advisory services to, GBDC. The Board approved the Investment Advisory Agreement on July 11, 2019. The Board noted that the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement did not change the calculation of the Capital Gain Incentive Fee or the management or incentive fee rates and that the changes, as compared to the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement, consisted of revisions to (i) exclude the impact of purchase accounting resulting from a merger, including the Merger, from the calculation of income subject to the income incentive fee payable and the calculation of the cumulative incentive fee cap under the Investment Advisory Agreement and (ii) convert the cumulative incentive fee cap into a per share calculation. At a meeting of the Company's stockholders held on September 4, 2019, the Company's stockholders voted to approve the Investment Advisory Agreement, which was entered into and effective as of September 16, 2019, the closing of the Merger. The Board most recently reapproved the Investment Advisory Agreement in May 2021. The Investment Adviser is a registered investment adviser with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The Investment Adviser receives fees for providing services, consisting of two components, a base management fee and an Incentive Fee (as defined below). 
 
 The base management fee is calculated at an annual rate equal to 1.375 of average adjusted gross assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters (including assets purchased with borrowed funds and securitization-related assets, leverage, unrealized depreciation or appreciation on derivative instruments and cash collateral on deposit with custodian but adjusted to exclude cash and cash equivalents so that investors do not pay the base management fee on such assets) and is payable quarterly in arrears. Additionally, the Investment Adviser voluntarily excludes any assets funded with secured borrowing proceeds from the base management fee calculation. The base management fee is adjusted, based on the actual number of days elapsed relative to the total number of days in such calendar quarter, for any share issuances or repurchases during such calendar quarter. For purposes of the Investment Advisory Agreement, cash equivalents mean U.S. government securities and commercial paper instruments maturing within 270 days of purchase (which is different than the GAAP definition, which defines cash equivalents as U.S. government securities and commercial paper instruments maturing within 90 days of purchase). To the extent that the Investment Adviser or any of its affiliates provides investment advisory, collateral management or other similar services to a subsidiary of the Company, the base management fee will be reduced by an amount equal to the product of (1) the total fees paid to the Investment Adviser by such subsidiary for such services and (2) the percentage of such subsidiary s total equity, including membership interests and any class of notes not exclusively held by one or more third parties, that is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company. 
 
 The Investment Adviser served as collateral manager under the 2014 Collateral Management Agreement (as defined in Note 7) and the 2020 Collateral Management Agreement (as defined in Note 7) and serves as collateral manager under the 2018 Collateral Management Agreement (as defined in Note 7) and the GCIC 2018 Collateral Management Agreement (as defined in Note 7). Fees payable to the Investment Adviser for providing these services are offset against the base management fee payable by the Company under the Investment Advisory Agreement and Prior Investment Advisory Agreement, as applicable. 
 
 214 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Investment Adviser irrevocably waived 4,000 of base management fees. After taking into account the waiver by the Investment Adviser, the base management fee incurred was 57,858 rather than 61,858 for the year ended September 30, 2021. 
 
 The Company has structured the calculation of the Incentive Fee to include a fee limitation such that an Incentive Fee for any quarter can only be paid to the Investment Adviser if, after such payment, the cumulative Incentive Fees paid to the Investment Adviser, calculated on a per share basis, since April 13, 2010, the effective date of the Company s election to become a BDC, would be less than or equal to 20.0 of the Company s Cumulative Pre-Incentive Fee Net Income (as defined below). 
 
 The Company accomplishes this limitation by subjecting each quarterly Incentive Fee payable under the Income and Capital Gain Incentive Fee Calculation (as defined below) to a cap (the Incentive Fee Cap ). The Investment Advisory Agreement, as compared to the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement, converts the cumulative incentive fee cap from an aggregate basis calculation to a per share calculation. Under the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement, the Incentive Fee would not be paid at any time if, after such payment, the cumulative incentive fees paid to date would be greater than 20.0 of the Company's Cumulative Pre-Incentive Fee Net Income since April 13, 2010. Under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Incentive Fee Cap in any quarter is equal to the difference between (a) 20.0 of Cumulative Pre-Incentive Fee Net Income Per Share (as defined below) and (b) Cumulative Incentive Fees Paid Per Share (as defined below). To the extent the Incentive Fee Cap is zero or a negative value in any quarter, no Incentive Fee would be payable in that quarter. If, for any relevant period, the Incentive Fee Cap calculation results in the Company paying less than the amount of the Incentive Fee calculated above, then the difference between the Incentive Fee and the Incentive Fee Cap will not be paid by GBDC and will not be received by the Investment Adviser as an Incentive Fee either at the end of such relevant period or at the end of any future period. Cumulative Pre-Incentive Fee Net Income Per Share equals the sum of Pre-Incentive Fee Net Income Per Share (as defined below) for each quarterly period since April 13, 2010. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Income Per Share equals the sum of (i) Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined below) and (ii) Adjusted Capital Returns for the applicable period, divided by (b) the weighted average number of shares of GBDC common stock outstanding during such period. Adjusted Capital Returns for any period is the sum of the realized aggregate capital gains, realized aggregate capital losses, aggregate unrealized capital depreciation and aggregate unrealized capital appreciation for such period provided that the calculation of realized aggregate capital gains, realized aggregate capital losses, aggregate unrealized capital depreciation and aggregate unrealized capital appreciation shall not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation resulting solely from the purchase accounting for any premium or discount paid for the acquisition of assets in a merger. Cumulative Incentive Fees Paid Per Share is equal to the sum of Incentive Fees Paid Per Share since April 13, 2010. Incentive Fees Paid Per Share for any period is equal to the Incentive Fees accrued and or payable to the Company for such period, divided by the weighted average number of shares of common stock of GBDC during such period. 
 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that the Company receives from portfolio companies but excluding fees for providing managerial assistance) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus operating expenses for the calendar quarter (including the base management fee, taxes, any expenses payable under the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement, any expenses of securitizations and any interest expense and dividends paid on any outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the Incentive Fee). Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature such as market discount, debt instruments with PIK interest, preferred stock with PIK dividends and zero coupon securities, accrued income that the Company has not yet received in cash. 
 
 Incentive Fees are calculated and payable quarterly in arrears (or, upon termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement, as of the termination date). 
 
 The income and capital gains incentive fee calculation (the Income and Capital Gain Incentive Fee Calculation has two parts, the income component (the Income Incentive Fee and the capital gains component (the Capital Gain Incentive Fee and, together with the Income Incentive Fee, the Incentive Fee ). The Income Incentive Fee is calculated quarterly in arrears based on the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter. 
 215 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019, the Income Incentive Fee incurred was 3,214, 13,831, and 14,482, respectively. 
 
 The Investment Advisory Agreement, as compared to the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement, excludes the impact of purchase accounting resulting from a merger, including the Merger, from the calculation of income subject to the Income Incentive Fee and the calculation of the Incentive Fee Cap. As a result, under the Investment Advisory Agreement, Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation or any amortization or accretion of any purchase premium or discount to interest income solely from the purchase accounting for any premium or discount paid for the acquisition of assets in a merger, such as the premium to net asset value paid for the shares of GCIC common stock in the Merger. Because of the structure of the Income Incentive Fee, it is possible that an Incentive Fee is calculated under this formula with respect to a period in which the Company has incurred a loss. For example, if the Company receives Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income in excess of the hurdle rate (as defined below) for a calendar quarter, the Income Incentive Fee will result in a positive value and an Incentive Fee will be paid even if the Company has incurred a loss in such period due to realized and or unrealized capital losses unless the payment of such Incentive Fee would cause the Company to pay Incentive Fees on a cumulative basis that exceed the Incentive Fee Cap. 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of the Company s net assets (defined as total assets less indebtedness and before taking into account any Incentive Fees payable during the period) at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, is compared to a fixed hurdle rate of 2.0 quarterly. If market interest rates rise, it is possible that the Company will be able to invest funds in debt instruments that provide for a higher return, which would increase Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income and make it easier for the Investment Adviser to surpass the fixed hurdle rate and receive an Incentive Fee based on such net investment income. 
 The Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income used to calculate this part of the Incentive Fee is also included in the amount of its total assets (excluding cash and cash equivalents but including assets purchased with borrowed funds and securitization-related assets, unrealized depreciation or appreciation on derivative instruments and cash collateral on deposit with custodian) used to calculate the 1.375 base management fee annual rate. 
 
 The Company calculates the Income Incentive Fee with respect to its Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income quarterly, in arrears, as follows 
 
 Zero in any calendar quarter in which the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not exceed the hurdle rate 
 100 of the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income with respect to that portion of such Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 2.5 in any calendar quarter. This portion of the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (which exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 2.5 is referred to as the catch-up provision. The catch-up is meant to provide the Investment Adviser with 20.0 of the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income as if a hurdle rate did not apply if the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income exceeds 2.5 in any calendar quarter and 
 20.0 of the amount of the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceeds 2.5 in any calendar quarter. 
 
 The Capital Gain Incentive Fee equals (a) 20.0 of the Company s Capital Gain Incentive Fee Base (as defined below), if any, calculated in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement, as of the termination date), which commenced with the calendar year ending December 31, 2010, less (b) the aggregate amount of any previously paid Capital Gain Incentive Fees. The Capital Gain Incentive Fee is calculated in the same manner under the Investment Advisory Agreement as under the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement. The Company s Capital Gain Incentive Fee Base equals (1) the sum of (i) realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative positive basis from the date the Company elected to become a BDC through the end of each calendar year, (ii) all realized capital losses on a cumulative basis and (iii) all unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis less (2) all unamortized deferred debt issuance costs, if and to the extent such costs exceed all unrealized capital appreciation on a cumulative basis. 
 216 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

The cumulative aggregate realized capital losses are calculated as the sum of the amounts by which (a) the net sales price of each investment in the Company s portfolio when sold is less than (b) the accreted or amortized cost basis of such investment. 
 The cumulative aggregate realized capital gains are calculated as the sum of the differences, if positive, between (a) the net sales price of each investment in the Company s portfolio when sold and (b) the accreted or amortized cost basis of such investment. 
 The aggregate unrealized capital depreciation is calculated as the sum of the differences, if negative, between (a) the valuation of each investment in the Company s portfolio as of the applicable Capital Gain Incentive Fee calculation date and (b) the accreted or amortized cost basis of such investment. 
 
 In accordance with GAAP, the Company also is required to include the aggregate unrealized capital appreciation on investments in the calculation and accrue a capital gain incentive fee on a quarterly basis as if such unrealized capital appreciation were realized, even though such unrealized capital appreciation is not permitted to be considered in calculating the fee actually payable under either the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement or Investment Advisory Agreement, as applicable. If the Capital Gain Incentive Fee Base, adjusted as required by GAAP to include unrealized capital appreciation, is positive at the end of a period, then GAAP requires the Company to accrue a capital gain incentive fee equal to 20 of such amount, less the aggregate amount of the actual Capital Gain Incentive Fees paid and capital gain incentive fees accrued under GAAP in all prior periods. If such amount is negative, then there is no accrual for such period. The resulting accrual under GAAP in a given period results in additional expense if such cumulative amount is greater than in the prior period or a reversal of previously recorded expense if such cumulative amount is less than in the prior period. There can be no assurance that such unrealized capital appreciation will be realized in the future. For the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company did not accrue a capital gain incentive fee. For the year ended September 30, 2019, the Company had a reversal of the accrual of the capital gain incentive fee of 5,580. Changes in the accrual for the capital gain incentive fee are included in incentive fee in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, there was no cumulative accrual of capital gain incentive fees under GAAP included in management and incentive fees payable on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 
 As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, there was no Capital Gain Incentive Fee payable as calculated under the Investment Advisory Agreement as described above. Any payment due under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement or the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement, as applicable, is calculated in arrears at the end of each calendar year. 
 
 Administration Agreement Under the Administration Agreement, the Administrator furnishes the Company with office facilities and equipment, provides the Company with clerical, bookkeeping and record keeping services at such facilities and provides the Company with other administrative services as the Administrator, subject to review by the Board, determines necessary to conduct the Company s day-to-day operations. The Company reimburses the Administrator the allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by it in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent, fees and expenses associated with performing compliance functions and the Company's allocable portion of the cost of its chief financial officer and chief compliance officer and their respective staffs. The Board reviews such expenses to determine that these expenses, including any allocation of expenses among the Company and other entities for which the Administrator provides similar services, are reasonable and comparable to administrative services charged by unaffiliated third party asset managers. Under the Administration Agreement, the Administrator also provides, on the Company s behalf, managerial assistance to those portfolio companies to which the Company is required to provide such assistance and will be paid an additional amount based on the cost of the services provided, which amount shall not exceed the amount the Company receives from such portfolio companies. 
 
 Included in accounts payable and other liabilities is 1,769 and 1,576 as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, for accrued allocated shared services under the Administration Agreement. 
 
 Other related party transactions The Administrator pays for certain unaffiliated third-party expenses incurred by the Company. Such expenses include postage, printing, office supplies, rating agency fees and professional fees. These expenses are not marked-up and represent the same amount the Company would have paid had the Company paid the expenses directly. These expenses are subsequently reimbursed in cash. 
 217 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

Total expenses reimbursed to the Administrator during the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019 were 6,950, 6,378, and 2,812, respectively. 
 
 As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, included in accounts payable and other liabilities were 2,523 and 1,627, respectively, for expenses paid on behalf of the Company by the Administrator. 
 
 The Company is party to an unsecured revolving credit facility with the Investment Adviser (as amended, the Adviser Revolver which, as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 permits the Company to borrow a maximum of 100,000 and expires on June 21, 2022. Refer to Note 7. Borrowings for discussion of the Adviser Revolver. 
 
 On October 2, 2020, an affiliate of the Investment Adviser (the Affiliate purchased 40,000 principal of the Company's 2024 Unsecured Notes (defined in Note 7) and on October 9, 2020, the Affiliate sold 15,000 principal of its position to an unaffiliated party. On May 21, 2021, the Affiliate sold the remaining 25,000 principal of the Company's 2024 Unsecured Notes to an unaffiliated party. 
 
 218 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 Note 4. Investments 
 
 Investments as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 consisted of the following As of September 30, 2021 As of September 30, 2020 Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value Senior secured 816,316 803,520 784,805 683,735 676,285 640,213 One stop 3,936,606 3,913,331 3,882,314 3,600,711 3,615,685 3,485,585 Second lien 42,571 41,946 41,857 19,640 19,886 19,640 Subordinated debt 172 171 172 537 541 575 Equity N A 136,429 185,738 N A 86,503 92,197 Total 4,795,665 4,895,397 4,894,886 4,304,623 4,398,900 4,238,210 

219 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 The following tables show the portfolio composition by geographic region at amortized cost and fair value as a percentage of total investments in portfolio companies. The geographic composition is determined by the location of the corporate headquarters of the portfolio company, which is not always indicative of the primary source of the portfolio company s business. As of September 30, 2021 As of September 30, 2020 Amortized Cost United States Mid-Atlantic 836,031 17.1 887,138 20.2 Midwest 963,963 19.7 805,618 18.3 West 914,227 18.7 709,961 16.1 Southeast 1,054,070 21.5 1,052,544 23.9 Southwest 319,831 6.5 478,702 10.9 Northeast 387,030 7.9 328,627 7.5 Canada 171,126 3.5 99,937 2.3 United Kingdom 187,664 3.8 21,264 0.5 Australia 3,291 0.1 2,301 0.0 Luxembourg 8,584 0.2 973 0.0 Netherlands 49,580 1.0 Andorra 11,835 0.3 Total 4,895,397 100.0 4,398,900 100.0 Fair Value United States Mid-Atlantic 824,447 16.8 861,772 20.3 Midwest 964,658 19.7 779,271 18.4 West 922,289 18.8 677,712 16.0 Southeast 1,054,839 21.6 1,014,912 23.9 Southwest 318,892 6.5 456,111 10.8 Northeast 386,780 7.9 314,611 7.4 Canada 175,969 3.6 98,112 2.3 United Kingdom 185,591 3.8 21,035 0.5 Australia 3,333 0.1 2,373 0.1 Luxembourg 8,508 0.2 896 0.0 Netherlands 49,580 1.0 Andorra 11,405 0.3 Total 4,894,886 100.0 4,238,210 100.0 
 Represents an amount less than 0.1 . 
 
 The industry compositions of the portfolio at amortized cost and fair value as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 were as follows As of September 30, 2021 As of September 30, 2020 Amortized Cost Aerospace and Defense 114,075 2.3 98,894 2.2 Airlines 967 0.0 973 0.0 Auto Components 32,334 0.7 21,194 0.5 Automobiles 139,501 2.9 52,056 1.2 Beverages 61,557 1.3 37,400 0.9 Biotechnology 23,968 0.5 16,438 0.4 Building Products 9,395 0.2 31,939 0.7 Chemicals 64,363 1.3 14,943 0.3 Commercial Services and Supplies 98,529 2.0 129,444 2.9 Communications Equipment 11,382 0.2 Construction & Engineering 49,060 1.0 46,261 1.1 Consumer Finance 2,057 0.0 2,076 0.0 Containers and Packaging 10,407 0.2 19,523 0.4 Distributors 6,189 0.1 3,282 0.1 Diversified Consumer Services 138,358 2.8 64,380 1.5 Diversified Financial Services 16,345 0.3 56,953 1.3 Diversified Telecommunications Services 1,616 0.0 Electric Utilities 13,311 0.3 Electronic Equipment, Instruments and Components 124,995 2.6 63,902 1.5 Energy Equipment and Services 4,388 0.1 4,774 0.1 Food and Staples Retailing 124,003 2.5 134,224 3.1 Food Products 112,773 2.3 56,062 1.3 Healthcare Equipment and Supplies 162,211 3.3 178,676 4.1 Healthcare Providers and Services 552,202 11.3 628,734 14.3 Health Care Technology 147,269 3.0 223,224 5.1 Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure 174,667 3.6 177,058 4.0 Household Durables 5,338 0.1 4,895 0.1 Household Products 5,199 0.1 3,896 0.1 Industrial Conglomerates 18,403 0.4 4,691 0.1 Insurance 232,137 4.7 109,109 2.5 Internet and Catalog Retail 30,836 0.6 10,123 0.2 IT Services 298,383 6.1 364,699 8.3 Leisure Products 11,869 0.2 11,682 0.3 Life Sciences Tools & Services 56,285 1.1 48,145 1.1 Machinery 32,374 0.7 29,373 0.6 Marine 16,729 0.3 Media 5,295 0.1 Multiline Retail 46,382 1.0 46,372 1.1 Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels 92,993 1.9 85,924 2.0 Paper and Forest Products 8,970 0.2 9,126 0.2 Personal Products 37,019 0.8 37,520 0.8 Pharmaceuticals 106,859 2.2 55,639 1.3 Professional Services 104,427 2.1 90,590 2.0 Real Estate Management and Development 97,205 2.0 66,172 1.5 Road and Rail 37,012 0.8 23,610 0.5 Software 1,077,321 22.0 937,060 21.3 Specialty Retail 286,417 5.9 317,697 7.2 Technology Hardware, Storage and Peripherals 23,815 0.5 24,069 0.5 Textiles, Apparel and Luxury Goods 45,092 0.9 42,787 1.0 Trading Companies and Distributors 18,936 0.4 Water Utilities 17,490 0.4 Total 4,895,397 100.0 4,398,900 100.0 
 Represents an amount less than 0.1 . 
 220 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 As of September 30, 2021 As of September 30, 2020 Fair Value Aerospace and Defense 112,636 2.3 93,061 2.2 Airlines 936 0.0 896 0.0 Auto Components 32,566 0.7 19,518 0.5 Automobiles 140,499 2.9 52,972 1.2 Beverages 60,868 1.2 33,874 0.9 Biotechnology 25,439 0.5 16,902 0.4 Building Products 11,243 0.2 32,824 0.7 Chemicals 64,262 1.3 13,948 0.3 Commercial Services and Supplies 99,595 2.0 126,680 2.9 Communications Equipment 11,347 0.2 Construction & Engineering 49,166 1.0 44,892 1.1 Consumer Finance 2,627 0.1 2,460 0.0 Containers and Packaging 10,545 0.2 16,669 0.4 Distributors 6,089 0.1 3,046 0.1 Diversified Consumer Services 134,232 2.7 54,066 1.5 Diversified Financial Services 16,497 0.3 55,223 1.3 Diversified Telecommunications Services 1,645 0.0 Electric Utilities 13,228 0.3 Electronic Equipment, Instruments and Components 125,481 2.6 62,723 1.5 Energy Equipment and Services 2,399 0.0 2,672 0.1 Food and Staples Retailing 128,574 2.6 119,614 3.1 Food Products 119,568 2.4 60,420 1.3 Healthcare Equipment and Supplies 157,959 3.2 172,274 4.1 Healthcare Providers and Services 532,463 10.9 583,926 14.3 Health Care Technology 150,565 3.1 219,166 5.1 Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure 172,285 3.5 165,722 4.0 Household Durables 5,694 0.1 4,999 0.1 Household Products 5,140 0.1 3,817 0.1 Industrial Conglomerates 18,560 0.4 4,567 0.1 Insurance 234,529 4.8 109,156 2.5 Internet and Catalog Retail 31,127 0.6 9,489 0.2 IT Services 302,487 6.2 356,500 8.3 Leisure Products 12,575 0.3 11,389 0.3 Life Sciences Tools & Services 57,004 1.2 47,871 1.1 Machinery 29,377 0.6 25,727 0.6 Marine 16,877 0.3 Media 5,397 0.1 Multiline Retail 46,470 1.0 46,488 1.1 Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels 92,720 1.9 82,811 2.0 Paper and Forest Products 8,921 0.2 8,597 0.2 Personal Products 33,727 0.7 33,323 0.8 Pharmaceuticals 108,458 2.2 56,050 1.3 Professional Services 106,898 2.2 87,116 2.0 Real Estate Management and Development 96,066 2.0 63,111 1.5 Road and Rail 36,751 0.8 22,951 0.5 Software 1,084,864 22.2 924,825 21.3 Specialty Retail 292,446 6.0 311,117 7.2 Technology Hardware, Storage and Peripherals 23,717 0.5 23,597 0.5 Textiles, Apparel and Luxury Goods 38,627 0.8 37,933 1.0 Trading Companies and Distributors 19,311 0.4 Water Utilities 17,657 0.4 Total 4,894,886 100.0 4,238,210 100.0 
 Represents an amount less than 0.1 . 
 221 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

Senior Loan Fund LLC 
 
 Effective January 1, 2020, the Company purchased the remaining equity interests in SLF from RGA and consolidated SLF's assets and liabilities into the Company's financial statements and notes. Prior to January 1, 2020, the Company co-invested with RGA in senior secured loans through SLF, an unconsolidated Delaware LLC. SLF was capitalized as transactions were completed and all portfolio and investment decisions in respect of SLF were approved by the SLF investment committee consisting of two representatives of each of the Company and RGA (with unanimous approval required from (i) one representative of each of the Company and RGA or (ii) both representatives of each of the Company and RGA). SLF could have ceased making new investments upon notification of either member but operations would have continued until all investments were sold or paid-off in the normal course of business. Investments held by SLF were measured at fair value using the same valuation methodologies as described in Note 6. 
 
 For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, the Company did not receive dividend income from the LLC equity interests in SLF. 
 
 See below for certain summarized financial information for SLF for the three months ended December 31, 2019 and the year ended September 30, 2019 Three months ended December 31, 2019 Year ended September 30, 2019 Selected Statement of Operations Information Interest income 2,800 13,402 Fee income 9 Total investment income 2,800 13,411 Interest and other debt financing expense 634 4,132 Administrative service fee 61 268 Other expenses (15) 95 Total expenses 680 4,495 Net investment income 2,120 8,916 Net realized gain (loss) on investments (2,343) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments (1,603) (2,199) Net increase (decrease) in members' equity 517 4,374 
 
 GCIC Senior Loan Fund LLC 
 
 Effective January 1, 2020, the Company purchased the remaining equity interests in GCIC SLF from Aurora and consolidated GCIC SLF's assets and liabilities into the Company's financial statements and notes. Following the acquisition of GCIC SLF in the Merger, the Company co-invested with Aurora, a wholly-owned subsidiary of RGA Reinsurance Company, in senior secured loans through GCIC SLF, an unconsolidated Delaware LLC. The Company acquired the investment in GCIC SLF through its acquisition of GCIC on September 16, 2019. GCIC SLF was capitalized as transactions were completed and all portfolio and investment decisions in respect of GCIC SLF were approved by the GCIC SLF investment committee consisting of two representatives of each of the Company and Aurora (with unanimous approval required from (i) one representative of each of the Company and Aurora or (ii) both representatives of each of the Company and Aurora). GCIC SLF could have ceased making new investments upon notification of either member but operations would have continued until all investments were sold or paid-off in the normal course of business. Investments held by GCIC SLF were measured at fair value by GCIC SLF using the same valuation methodologies as described in Note 6. 
 
 For the three months ended December 31, 2019 and the year ended September 30, 2019, the Company received dividend income of 1,905 and 1,219, respectively from the LLC equity interests in GCIC SLF. 

222 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 See below for certain summarized financial information for GCIC SLF for the three months ended December 31, 2019 and the year ended September 30, 2019 
 Three months ended December 31, 2019 Year ended September 30, 2019 Selected Statement of Operations Information Interest income 2,081 360 Total investment income 2,081 360 Interest and other debt financing expense 512 141 Administrative service fee 45 6 Other expenses (24) 4 Total expenses 533 151 Net investment income 1,548 209 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments (108) (18) Net increase (decrease) in members' equity 1,440 191 
 
 223 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 Note 5. Forward Currency Contracts 
 
 The Company enters into forward currency contracts from time to time to help mitigate the impact that an adverse change in foreign exchange rates would have on the value of the Company's investments denominated in foreign currencies. 
 
 The outstanding forward currency contracts as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 were as follows As of September 30, 2021 Counterparty Currency to be sold Currency to be purchased Settlement date Unrealized appreciation ) Unrealized depreciation ) Macquarie Bank Limited 8,925 GBP 11,219 USD 2 28 2023 (769) Macquarie Bank Limited 3,780 GBP 4,804 USD 3 27 2023 (272) Macquarie Bank Limited 6,760 EUR 8,044 USD 4 28 2023 40 Macquarie Bank Limited 9,300 EUR 10,861 USD 4 29 2022 106 Macquarie Bank Limited 10,058 GBP 12,706 USD 7 17 2023 (796) Macquarie Bank Limited 2,228 GBP 2,903 USD 4 28 2023 (88) Macquarie Bank Limited 18,425 CAD 13,783 USD 10 30 2023 (660) Macquarie Bank Limited 13,960 EUR 16,735 USD 4 28 2023 343 Macquarie Bank Limited 25,000 GBP 34,298 USD 8 27 2024 663 Macquarie Bank Limited 26,000 EUR 31,803 USD 2 27 2025 426 Macquarie Bank Limited 25,000 CAD 19,609 USD 8 27 2024 75 Macquarie Bank Limited 30,000 CAD 23,399 USD 8 27 2024 (41) Macquarie Bank Limited 20,550 GBP 28,297 USD 9 3 2024 647 Macquarie Bank Limited 13,945 GBP 19,149 USD 3 31 2025 335 Macquarie Bank Limited 22,600 CAD 17,739 USD 8 30 2024 81 2,716 (2,626) 
 As of September 30, 2020 Counterparty Currency to be sold Currency to be purchased Settlement date Unrealized appreciation ) Unrealized depreciation ) Macquarie Bank Limited 8,925 GBP 11,219 USD 2 28 2023 (361) Macquarie Bank Limited 3,780 GBP 4,804 USD 3 27 2023 (101) Macquarie Bank Limited 6,760 EUR 8,044 USD 4 28 2023 (187) Macquarie Bank Limited 9,300 EUR 10,861 USD 4 29 2022 (60) Macquarie Bank Limited 10,058 GBP 12,706 USD 7 17 2023 (355) (1,064) 
 
 In order to better define its contractual rights and to secure rights that will help the Company mitigate its counterparty risk, the Company has entered into an International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. Master Agreement ISDA Master Agreement with its derivative counterparty, Macquarie Bank Limited Macquarie ). The ISDA Master Agreement is a bilateral agreement between the Company and Macquarie that governs over the counter OTC derivatives, including forward currency contracts, and contains, among other things, collateral posting terms and netting provisions in the event of a default and or termination event. The provisions of the ISDA Master Agreement permit a single net payment in the event of a default (close-out netting) or similar event, including the bankruptcy or insolvency of the counterparty. 
 
 For financial reporting purposes, cash collateral that has been pledged to cover obligations of the Company and cash collateral received from Macquarie, if any, is included in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as cash collateral held at broker for forward currency contracts or cash collateral received from broker for forward currency 
 224 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 contracts. The Company minimizes counterparty credit risk by only entering into agreements with counterparties that it believes to be of good standing and by monitoring the financial stability of those counterparties. 
 
 The following table is intended to provide additional information about the effect of the forward currency contracts on the financial statements of the Company including the fair value of derivatives by risk category, the location of those fair values on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, and the Company s gross and net amount of assets and liabilities available for offset under netting arrangements as well as any related collateral received or pledged by the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020. As of September 30, 2021 Counterparty Risk exposure category Unrealized appreciation on forward currency contracts Unrealized depreciation on forward currency contracts Net amounts presented in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition Collateral (Received) Pledged (1) 
 Net Amount (2) 
 Macquarie Bank Limited Foreign exchange 2,716 (2,626) 90 90 
 As of September 30, 2020 Counterparty Risk exposure category Unrealized appreciation on forward currency contracts Unrealized depreciation on forward currency contracts Net amounts presented in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition Collateral (Received) Pledged (1) 
 Net Amount (2) 
 Macquarie Bank Limited Foreign exchange (1,064) (1,064) 1,064 
 
 (1) The actual collateral pledged may be more than the amount shown due to over collateralization. 
 (2) Represents the net amount due from (to) counterparties in the event of default. 
 The impact of derivative transactions for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 on the Consolidated Statements of Operations, including realized and unrealized gains (losses) is summarized in the table below Realized gain (loss) on forward currency contracts recognized in income Risk exposure category Year ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Foreign exchange Change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on forward currency contracts recognized in income Risk exposure category Year ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Foreign exchange 1,154 (949) 133 
 
 The following table is a summary of the average outstanding daily volume for forward currency contracts for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 Average U.S. Dollar notional outstanding Year ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Forward currency contracts 94,304 36,396 13,140 
 
 Exclusion of the Investment Adviser from Commodity Pool Operator Definition 
 
 Engaging in commodity interest transactions such as swap transactions or futures contracts for the Company may cause the Investment Adviser to fall within the definition of commodity pool operator under the Commodity Exchange Act (the CEA and related Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the CFTC regulations. On February 6, 2020, the Investment Adviser claimed an exclusion from the definition of the term commodity pool operator under the CEA and the CFTC regulations in connection with its management of the Company and, 
 225 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 therefore, is not subject to CFTC registration or regulation under the CEA as a commodity pool operator with respect to its management of the Company. 

Note 6. Fair Value Measurements 
 
 The Company follows ASC Topic 820 for measuring fair value. Fair value is the price that would be received in the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Where available, fair value is based on observable market prices or parameters, or derived from such prices or parameters. Where observable prices or inputs are not available, valuation models are applied. These valuation models involve some level of management estimation and judgment, the degree of which is dependent on the price transparency for the assets or liabilities or market and the assets or liabilities complexity. The Company s fair value analysis includes an analysis of the value of any unfunded loan commitments. Assets and liabilities are categorized for disclosure purposes based upon the level of judgment associated with the inputs used to measure their value. The valuation hierarchical levels are based upon the transparency of the inputs to the valuation of the asset or liability as of the measurement date. The three levels are defined as follows 
 
 Level 1 Inputs are unadjusted, quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date. 
 
 Level 2 Inputs include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets and inputs that are observable for the assets or liabilities, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 
 
 Level 3 Inputs include significant unobservable inputs for the assets or liabilities and include situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the assets or liabilities. The inputs into the determination of fair value are based upon the best information available and require significant management judgment or estimation. 
 
 In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, an asset s or a liability s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the asset or liability. The Company assesses the levels of assets and liabilities at each measurement date, and transfers between levels are recognized on the actual date of the event or change in circumstances that caused the transfers. There were no transfers among Level 1, 2 and 3 of the fair value hierarchy for assets and liabilities during the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. The following section describes the valuation techniques used by the Company to measure different assets and liabilities at fair value and includes the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the assets and liabilities are categorized. 
 
 Investments 
 
 Level 1 investments are valued using quoted market prices. Level 2 investments are valued using market consensus prices that are corroborated by observable market data and quoted market prices for similar assets and liabilities. Level 3 investments are valued at fair value as determined in good faith by the Board, based on input of management, the audit committee and independent valuation firms that have been engaged at the direction of the Board to assist in the valuation of each portfolio investment without a readily available market quotation at least once during a trailing twelve-month period under a valuation policy and a consistently applied valuation process. This valuation process is conducted at the end of each fiscal quarter, with approximately 25 (based on the number of portfolio companies) of the Company s valuations of debt and equity investments without readily available market quotations subject to review by an independent valuation firm. All investments as of September 30, 2021, with the exception of money market funds included in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents and one portfolio company equity investment (Level 1 investments) and forward currency contracts (Level 2 investments), were valued using Level 3 inputs. All investments as of September 30, 2020, with the exception of money market funds included in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents (Level 1 investments) and forward currency contracts (Level 2 investments), were valued using Level 3 inputs. 
 226 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

When determining fair value of Level 3 debt and equity investments, the Company takes into account the following factors, where relevant the enterprise value of a portfolio company, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earnings and discounted cash flows, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparisons to publicly traded securities, and changes in the interest rate environment and the credit markets generally that affect the price at which similar investments are made and other relevant factors. The primary method for determining enterprise value uses a multiple analysis whereby appropriate multiples are applied to the portfolio company s net income before net interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization EBITDA ). A portfolio company s EBITDA can include pro forma adjustments for items such as acquisitions, divestitures, or expense reductions. The enterprise value analysis is performed to determine the value of equity investments and to determine if debt investments are credit impaired. If debt investments are credit impaired, the Company will use the enterprise value analysis or a liquidation basis analysis to determine fair value. For debt investments that are not determined to be credit impaired, the Company uses a market interest rate yield analysis to determine fair value. 
 
 In addition, for certain debt investments, the Company bases its valuation on indicative bid and ask prices provided by an independent third party pricing service. Bid prices reflect the highest price that the Company and others may be willing to pay. Ask prices represent the lowest price that the Company and others may be willing to accept. The Company generally uses the midpoint of the bid ask range as its best estimate of fair value of such investment. 
 
 Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of Level 3 investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of the investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a ready market existed for such investments and may differ materially from the values that are ultimately received or settled. Further, such investments are generally subject to legal and other restrictions or otherwise are less liquid than publicly traded instruments. If the Company were required to liquidate a portfolio investment in a forced or liquidation sale, the Company could realize significantly less than the value at which such investment had previously been recorded. The Company s investments are subject to market risk. Market risk is the potential for changes in the value due to market changes. Market risk is directly impacted by the volatility and liquidity in the markets in which the investments are traded. 
 
 227 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 The following tables present fair value measurements of the Company s investments and indicate the fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques utilized by the Company to determine such fair value as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 As of September 30, 2021 Fair Value Measurements Using Description Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets, at fair value Debt investments (1) 
 4,709,148 4,709,148 Equity investments (1) 
 508 185,230 185,738 Money market funds (1)(2) 
 38,317 38,317 Forward currency contracts 2,716 2,716 Total assets, at fair value 38,825 2,716 4,894,378 4,935,919 Liabilities at fair value Forward currency contracts (2,626) (2,626) Total liabilities, at fair value (2,626) (2,626) 
 As of September 30, 2020 Fair Value Measurements Using Description Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets, at fair value Debt investments (1) 
 4,146,013 4,146,013 Equity investments (1) 
 92,197 92,197 Money market funds (1)(2) 
 37,205 37,205 Total assets, at fair value 37,205 4,238,210 4,275,415 Liabilities at fair value Forward currency contracts (1,064) (1,064) Total liabilities, at fair value (1,064) (1,064) 
 
 (1) Refer to the Consolidated Schedules of Investments for further details. 
 (2) Included in cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents, foreign currencies and restricted foreign currencies on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 
 The net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019, reported within the net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations attributable to the Company's Level 3 assets held at the end of each year was 68,612, (93,152), and (102,079), respectively. 

228 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 The following tables present the changes in investments measured at fair value using Level 3 inputs for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 Year ended September 30, 2021 Debt Investments Equity Investments Total Investments Fair value, beginning of period 4,146,013 92,197 4,238,210 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 116,561 43,550 160,111 Realized gain (loss) on investments (5,319) 18,643 13,324 Funding of (proceeds from) revolving loans, net (12,170) (12,170) Fundings of investments 2,010,541 71,142 2,081,683 PIK interest 16,092 16,092 Proceeds from principal payments and sales of portfolio investments (1,553,176) (40,302) (1,593,478) Accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums (9,394) (9,394) Fair value, end of period 4,709,148 185,230 4,894,378 
 
 Year ended September 30, 2020 Debt Investments Equity Investments Total Investments Fair value, beginning of period 4,083,298 85,990 4,169,288 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments (64,926) (768) (65,694) Realized gain (loss) on investments (17,826) 3,182 (14,644) Funding of (proceeds from) revolving loans, net 9,205 9,205 Fundings of investments 631,073 12,109 643,182 PIK interest 10,956 10,956 Proceeds from principal payments and sales of portfolio investments (689,975) (11,694) (701,669) Accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums (23,483) (23,483) Transfers in (1) 
 207,691 3,378 211,069 Fair value, end of period 4,146,013 92,197 4,238,210 
 
 (1) Transfers in represent debt and equity investments acquired in the Purchase Agreement. 
 
 229 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 The following tables present quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs of the Company s Level 3 investments as of September 30, 2021 and 2020. 
 Quantitative information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements Fair value as of September 30, 2021 Valuation Techniques Unobservable Input Range (Weighted Average) (1) 
 Assets Senior secured loans (2) 
 778,413 Market rate approach Market interest rate 2.5 - 14.8 (5.6 Market comparable companies EBITDA multiples 6.0x - 24.2x (15.1x) 6,172 Market comparable Broker dealer bids or quotes N A 220 Collateral analysis Recovery rate 1.6 One stop loans (3)(4) 
 3,882,314 Market rate approach Market interest rate 1.0 - 18.0 (7.5 Market comparable companies EBITDA multiples 4.5x - 35.0x (15.5x) Revenue multiples 2.0x - 18.5x (8.0x) Subordinated debt and second lien loans (5) 
 42,029 Market rate approach Market interest rate 6.8 - 19.5 (9.5 Market comparable companies EBITDA multiples 6.0x - 23.6x (17.2x) Revenue multiples 3.4x Equity (6) 
 185,230 Market comparable companies EBITDA multiples 4.5x - 26.0x (17.4x) Revenue multiples 2.0x - 25.0x (12.3x) 
 
 (1) Unobservable inputs were weighted by the relative fair value of the instruments. 
 (2) 23,989 of loans at fair value were valued using the market comparable companies approach only. 
 (3) 76,290 of loans at fair value were valued using the market comparable companies approach only. 
 (4) The Company valued 3,354,556 and 527,758 of one stop loans using EBITDA and revenue multiples, respectively. All one stop loans were also valued using the market rate approach. 
 (5) The Company valued 42,020 and 9 of subordinated debt and second lien loans using EBITDA and revenue multiples, respectively. All subordinated debt and second lien loans were also valued using the market rate approach. 
 (6) The Company valued 159,620 and 25,610 of equity investments using EBITDA and revenue multiples, respectively. 
 
 230 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 Quantitative information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements Fair value as of September 30, 2020 Valuation Techniques Unobservable Input Range 
 (Weighted Average) (1) 
 Assets Senior secured loans (2) 
 637,012 Market rate approach Market interest rate 3.7 - 21.5 (6.9 Market comparable companies EBITDA multiples 4.4x - 20.0x (12.4x) 2,910 Market comparable Broker dealer bids or quotes N A 291 Collateral analysis Recovery rate 2.2 One stop loans (3)(4) 
 3,485,585 Market rate approach Market interest rate 1.0 - 27.8 (8.2 Market comparable companies EBITDA multiples 4.5x - 27.0x (13.7x) Revenue multiples 1.5x - 16.2x (5.8x) Subordinated debt and second lien loans (5) 
 20,215 Market rate approach Market interest rate 6.0 - 19.5 (10.6 Market comparable companies EBITDA multiples 8.5x - 21.3x (15.3x) Revenue multiples 4.0x -8.5x (8.3x) Equity (6) 
 92,197 Market comparable companies EBITDA multiples 4.5x - 24.5x (14.1x) Revenue multiples 1.5x - 16.2x (6.7x) 
 (1) Unobservable inputs were weighted by the relative fair value of the instruments. 
 (2) 12,488 of loans at fair value were valued using the market comparable companies approach only. 
 (3) 39,207 of loans at fair value were valued using the market comparable companies approach only. 
 (4) The Company valued 3,055,404 and 430,181 of one stop loans using EBITDA and revenue multiples, respectively. All one stop loans were also valued using the market rate approach. 
 (5) The Company valued 20,030 and 185 of second lien and subordinated debt loans using EBITDA and revenue multiples, respectively. All second lien and subordinated debt loans were also valued using the market rate approach. 
 (6) The Company valued 79,783 and 12,414 of equity investments using EBITDA and revenue multiples, respectively. 
 
 The above tables are not intended to be all-inclusive but rather to provide information on significant unobservable inputs and valuation techniques used by the Company. 
 
 The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s debt and equity investments are EBITDA multiples, revenue multiples and market interest rates. The Company uses EBITDA multiples and, to a lesser extent, revenue multiples on its debt and equity investments to determine any credit gains or losses. Increases or decreases in either of these inputs in isolation would have resulted in a significantly lower or higher fair value measurement. The Company uses market interest rates for loans to determine if the effective yield on a loan is commensurate with the market yields for that type of loan. If a loan s effective yield was significantly less than the market yield for a similar loan with a similar credit profile, then the resulting fair value of the loan may have been lower. 
 
 Other Financial Assets and Liabilities 
 
 ASC Topic 820 requires disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments for which it is practical to estimate such value. As a result, with the exception of the line item titled debt which is reported at cost, all assets and liabilities approximate fair value on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition due to their short maturity. The fair value of the Company's 2024 Notes, 2026 Notes and 2027 Notes (as defined in Note 7. Borrowings) is based on vendor pricing received by the Company, which is considered a Level 2 input. The fair value of the Company s remaining debt is estimated using Level 3 inputs by discounting remaining payments using comparable market rates or market quotes for similar instruments at the measurement date, if available. 
 
 231 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 The following are the carrying values and fair values of the Company s debt as of September 30, 2021 and 2020. 
 As of September 30, 2021 As of September 30, 2020 Carrying Value Fair Value Carrying Value Fair Value Debt 2,569,228 2,594,368 2,023,698 2,032,457 

Note 7. Borrowings 
 
 In accordance with the 1940 Act, with certain limited exceptions, prior to February 6, 2019, the Company was allowed to borrow amounts such that its asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, was at least 200 after such borrowing. On February 5, 2019, the Company s stockholders voted to approve the asset coverage requirement decrease to 150 from 200 in accordance with Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act. Effective February 6, 2019, the reduced asset coverage requirement permits the Company to have a ratio of total consolidated assets to outstanding indebtedness of 2 1 as compared to a maximum of 1 1 under the 200 asset coverage requirement. The Company currently intends to target a GAAP debt-to-equity ratio between 0.85x to 1.25x. As of September 30, 2021, the Company s asset coverage for borrowed amounts was 200.0 . 
 
 Debt Securitizations 
 
 On June 5, 2014, the Company completed a 402,569 term debt securitization 2014 Debt Securitization ). The notes 2014 Notes offered in the 2014 Debt Securitization were issued by the 2014 Issuer and are secured by a diversified portfolio of senior secured and second lien loans held by the 2014 Issuer. The 2014 Debt Securitization initially consisted of 191,000 of Aaa AAA Class A-1 2014 Notes, 20,000 of Aaa AAA Class A-2 2014 Notes and 35,000 of Aa2 AA Class B 2014 Notes. In partial consideration for the loans transferred to the 2014 Issuer as part of the 2014 Debt Securitization, the Company received and retained 37,500 of Class C 2014 Notes and 119,069 of LLC equity interests in the 2014 Issuer. On March 23, 2018, the Company and the 2014 Issuer amended the 2014 Debt Securitization to, among other things, (a) refinance the issued Class A-1 2014 Notes by redeeming in full the 191,000 of Class A-1 2014 Notes and issuing new Class A-1-R 2014 Notes in an aggregate principal amount of 191,000 that bear interest at a rate of three-month LIBOR plus 0.95 , which is a decrease from the rate of three-month LIBOR plus 1.75 of the previously outstanding Class A-1 2014 Notes, (b) refinance the Class A-2 2014 Notes by redeeming in full the 20,000 of Class A-2 2014 Notes and issuing new Class A-2-R 2014 Notes in an aggregate principal amount of 20,000 that bear interest at a rate of three-month LIBOR plus 0.95 , which is a decrease from the rate of three-month LIBOR plus 1.95 of the previously outstanding Class A-2 2014 Notes, (c) refinance the Class B 2014 Notes by redeeming in full the 35,000 of Class B 2014 Notes and issuing new Class B-R 2014 Notes in an aggregate principal amount of 35,000 that bear interest at a rate of three-month LIBOR plus 1.40 , which is a decrease from the rate of three-month LIBOR plus 2.50 of the previously outstanding Class B 2014 Notes, (d) refinance the Class C 2014 Notes by redeeming in full the 37,500 of Class C 2014 Notes and issuing new Class C-R 2014 Notes in an aggregate principal amount of 37,500 that bear interest at a rate of three-month LIBOR plus 1.55 , which is a decrease from the rate of three-month LIBOR plus 3.50 of the previously outstanding Class C 2014 Notes. The Class C-R 2014 Notes were retained by the Company. 
 
 Through April 28, 2018, all principal collections received on the underlying collateral could have been used by the 2014 Issuer to purchase new collateral under the direction of the Investment Adviser in its capacity as collateral manager of the 2014 Issuer and in accordance with the Company s investment strategy, allowing the Company to maintain the initial leverage in the 2014 Debt Securitization. 
 
 On August 26, 2020, in connection with a new term debt securitization, the 2014 Issuer redeemed the outstanding 2014 Notes pursuant to the terms of the indenture governing such 2014 Notes. Following such redemption, the agreements governed the 2014 Debt Securitization were terminated. The 2014 Notes would have otherwise matured on April 25, 2026. 
 
 The pool of loans in the 2014 Debt Securitization were required to meet certain requirements, including asset mix and concentration, collateral coverage, term, agency rating, minimum coupon, minimum spread and sector diversity requirements. 
 
 232 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 The interest charged under the 2014 Debt Securitization was based on three-month LIBOR. For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the components of interest expense, cash paid for interest, average interest rates and average outstanding balances for the 2014 Debt Securitization were as follows Year ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Stated interest expense 2,498 6,073 Amortization of debt issuance costs 110 Total interest and other debt financing expenses 2,498 6,183 Cash paid for interest expense 3,298 6,530 Average stated interest rate N A 2.8 3.6 Average outstanding balance 90,526 166,981 
 
 On November 16, 2018, the Company completed a 602,400 term debt securitization (the 2018 Debt Securitization ). The notes offered in the 2018 Debt Securitization (the 2018 Notes were issued by the 2018 Issuer, a subsidiary of 2018 CLO Depositor, and are backed by a diversified portfolio of senior secured and second lien loans. The transaction was executed through a private placement of approximately 327,000 of AAA AAA Class A 2018 Notes, which bear interest at three-month LIBOR plus 1.48 61,200 of AA Class B 2018 Notes, which bear interest at three-month LIBOR plus 2.10 20,000 of A Class C-1 2018 Notes, which bear interest at three-month LIBOR plus 2.80 38,800 of A Class C-2 2018 Notes, which bear interest at three-month LIBOR plus 2.65 42,000 of BBB- Class D 2018 Notes, which bear interest at three-month LIBOR plus 2.95 and 113,400 of Subordinated 2018 Notes which do not bear interest. The Company indirectly retained all of the Class C-2, Class D and Subordinated 2018 Notes. Through January 20, 2023, the 2018 Issuer is permitted to use all principal collections received on the underlying collateral to purchase new collateral under the direction of the Investment Adviser, in its capacity as collateral manager of the 2018 Issuer and in accordance with the Company s investment strategy, allowing the Company to maintain the initial leverage in the 2018 Debt Securitization. The 2018 Notes are scheduled to mature on January 20, 2031. The Class A, Class B and Class C-1 2018 Notes are included in the September 30, 2021 and 2020 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as debt of the Company. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Class C-2, Class D and Subordinated 2018 Notes were eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, there were 75 and 89 portfolio companies, respectively, with a total fair value of 579,075 and 557,484, respectively, securing the 2018 Notes. The pool of loans in the 2018 Debt Securitization must meet certain requirements, including asset mix and concentration, collateral coverage, term, agency rating, minimum coupon, minimum spread and sector diversity requirements. 
 
 The interest charged under the 2018 Debt Securitization is based on three-month LIBOR. The three-month LIBOR in effect as of September 30, 2021 based on the last interest rate reset was 0.1 . For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the components of interest expense, cash paid for interest, average interest rates and average outstanding balances for the 2018 Debt Securitization were as follows Year ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Stated interest expense 7,598 12,616 15,145 Amortization of debt issuance costs 421 421 367 Total interest and other debt financing expenses 8,019 13,037 15,512 Cash paid for interest expense 7,712 14,188 11,992 Average stated interest rate 1.9 3.1 4.2 Average outstanding balance 408,200 408,200 356,756 
 
 233 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 As of September 30, 2021, the classes, amounts, ratings and interest rates (expressed as a spread to three-month LIBOR) of the Class A, B and C-1 2018 Notes are as follows Description Class A 2018 Notes Class B 2018 Notes Class C-1 2018 Notes Type Senior Secured Floating Rate Senior Secured Floating Rate Senior Secured Floating Rate Amount Outstanding 327,000 61,200 20,000 Fitch Rating AAA NR NR S&P Rating AAA AA A Interest Rate LIBOR + 1.48 LIBOR + 2.10 LIBOR + 2.80 
 
 Effective September 16, 2019, the Company assumed, as a result of the Merger, a 908,195 term debt securitization (the GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization ). The GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization was originally completed on December 13, 2018. The notes offered in the GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization (the GCIC 2018 Notes were issued by the GCIC 2018 Issuer, a subsidiary of GCIC 2018 CLO Depositor, and are secured by a diversified portfolio of senior secured and second lien loans. The GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization consists of 490,000 of AAA AAA Class A-1 GCIC 2018 Notes, 38,500 of AAA Class A-2 GCIC 2018 Notes, and 18,000 of AA Class B-1 GCIC 2018 Notes. In partial consideration for the loans transferred to the GCIC 2018 Issuer as part of the GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization, the GCIC 2018 CLO Depositor received and retained 27,000 of Class B-2 GCIC 2018 Notes, 95,000 of Class C GCIC 2018 Notes and 60,000 of Class D GCIC 2018 Notes and 179,695 of Subordinated GCIC 2018 Notes. On December 21, 2020, the Company and the GCIC 2018 Issuer amended the GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization to, among other things, (a) refinance the issued Class A-2 GCIC 2018 Notes issued by the GCIC 2018 Issuer by redeeming in full the 38,500 of Class A-2 GCIC 2018 Notes and issuing new Class A-2-R GCIC 2018 Notes in an aggregate principal amount of 38,500 that bear interest at a rate of 2.498 , which is a decrease from the rate of 4.665 of the Class A-2 GCIC 2018 Notes and (b) provide for a non-called period, during which the Class A-2-R GCIC 2018 Notes cannot be redeemed, from December 21, 2020 to but excluding June 21, 2021. The Class A-1, Class A-2-R and Class B-1 GCIC 2018 Notes are included in the September 30, 2021 and 2020 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as debt of the Company. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Class B-2, Class C and Class D GCIC 2018 Notes and the Subordinated GCIC 2018 Notes were eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 Through January 20, 2023, the GCIC 2018 Issuer is permitted to use all principal collections received on the underlying collateral to purchase new collateral under the direction of the Investment Adviser in its capacity as collateral manager of the GCIC 2018 Issuer and in accordance with the Company s investment strategy, allowing the Company to maintain the initial leverage in the GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization. The GCIC 2018 Notes are scheduled to mature on January 20, 2031, and the Subordinated GCIC 2018 Notes are scheduled to mature on December 13, 2118. 
 
 Two loan sale agreements govern the GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization. One of the loan sale agreements provided for the sale of assets upon the closing of the GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization to satisfy risk retention requirements. Under the terms of the other loan sale agreement governing the GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization, the Company agreed to directly or indirectly through the GCIC 2018 CLO Depositor sell or contribute certain senior secured and second lien loans (or participation interests therein) to the GCIC 2018 Issuer. 
 
 As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, there were 96 and 109 portfolio companies, respectively, with a total fair value of 889,326 and 859,600, respectively, securing the GCIC 2018 Notes. The pool of loans in the GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization must meet certain requirements, including asset mix and concentration, collateral coverage, term, agency rating, minimum coupon, minimum spread and sector diversity requirements. 
 
 234 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 The interest charged under the GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization is based on three-month LIBOR. The three-month LIBOR in effect as of September 30, 2021 based on the last interest rate reset was 0.1 . For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the components of interest expense, cash paid for interest, annualized average interest rates and average outstanding balances for the GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization were as follows 
 Year ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Stated interest expense 9,889 16,854 896 Accretion of discounts on notes issued 1,789 1,355 Amortization of debt issuance costs 47 Total interest and other debt financing expenses 11,725 18,209 896 Cash paid for interest expense 10,238 19,171 Average stated interest rate 1.8 3.1 4.0 Average outstanding balance 546,500 546,500 22,459 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, the classes, amounts, ratings and interest rates (expressed as a spread to three-month LIBOR, as applicable) of the Class A-1 GCIC 2018 Notes, Class A-2 GCIC 2018 Notes, and Class B-1 GCIC 2018 Notes were as follows Description Class A-1 GCIC 2018 Notes Class A-2-R GCIC 2018 Notes Class B-1 GCIC 2018 Notes Type Senior Secured Floating Rate Senior Secured Fixed Rate Senior Secured Floating Rate Amount Outstanding 490,000 38,500 18,000 Fitch s Rating AAA NR NR S&P Rating AAA AAA AA Interest Rate LIBOR + 1.48 2.50 LIBOR + 2.25 
 
 On August 26, 2020, the Company completed a 330,355 term debt securitization, of which 297,355 was funded at closing (the 2020 Debt Securitization ). The notes offered in the 2020 Debt Securitization (the 2020 Notes were issued by the 2020 Issuer, a subsidiary of 2020 CLO Depositor, and were backed by a diversified portfolio of senior secured and second lien loans. The 2020 Notes consisted of approximately 137,500 of AAA Class A-1 2020 Notes, which bore interest at three-month LIBOR plus 2.35 10,500 of AAA Class A-2 2020 Notes, which bore interest at three-month LIBOR plus 2.75 21,000 of AA Class B 2020 Notes which bore interest at the three-month LIBOR plus 3.20 up to 33,000 A Class C 2020 Notes, which remained unfunded upon closing of the transactions and bore interest at three-month LIBOR plus a spread set in connection with the funding date but which in no event was to be greater than 3.65 and approximately 108,355 of Subordinated 2020 Notes, which did not bear interest. The Company was permitted, subject to certain conditions, to request a one-time funding of the Class C 2020 Notes, which would not be deemed an additional issuance of notes, but would have caused the Class C 2020 Notes to be additional debt of the Company. As a part of the 2020 Debt Securitization, the Company also entered into a credit agreement (the Credit Agreement upon closing of the transactions pursuant to which various financial institutions and other persons which were, or could have become, parties thereto as lenders (the Lenders committed to make 20,000 of AAA Class A-1-L loans to the Company (the 2020 Loans ). The 2020 Loans bore interest at three-month LIBOR plus 2.35 and were fully drawn upon closing of the transactions. Any Lender could have elected to convert all or a portion of the Class A-1-L Loans held by such Lender into Class A-1 2020 Notes upon written notice to the Company in accordance to the Credit Agreement. The Class A-1 2020 Notes, the Class A-2 2020 Notes and the Class B 2020 Notes were issued through a private placement. The Class C 2020 Notes and the Subordinated 2020 Notes were retained by the Company and the Company was the sole owner of the equity of the 2020 Issuer. The Class A-1 Notes, 2020 Loans, Class A-2 and Class B 2020 Notes are included in the September 30, 2020 Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition as debt of the Company. As of September 30, 2020, the Subordinated 2020 Notes were eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 Through November 5, 2022, all principal collections received on the underlying collateral could have been used by the 2020 Issuer to purchase new collateral under the direction of GC Advisors, in its capacity as collateral manager 
 235 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 of the 2020 Issuer and in accordance with the Company's investment strategy, allowing the Company to maintain the initial leverage in the 2020 Debt Securitization. 
 
 On August 26, 2021, the 2020 Issuer redeemed the outstanding 2020 Notes pursuant to the terms of the indenture governing such 2020 Notes. Following such redemption, the agreements that governed the 2020 Debt Securitization were terminated. The 2020 Notes would have otherwise matured on November 5, 2032. 
 
 As of September 30, 2020, there were 70 portfolio companies with a total fair value of 286,744 securing the 2020 Notes. The pool of loans in the 2020 Debt Securitization must have met certain requirements, including asset mix and concentration, collateral coverage, term, agency rating, minimum coupon, minimum spread and sector diversity requirements. 
 
 The interest charged under the 2020 Debt Securitization was based on three-month LIBOR. For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the components of interest expense, cash paid for interest, annualized average interest rates and average outstanding balances for the 2020 Debt Securitization were as follows Year ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Stated interest expense 4,596 505 Amortization of debt issuance costs 1,580 74 Total interest and other debt financing expenses 6,176 579 Cash paid for interest expense 5,101 Average stated interest rate 2.7 2.7 N A Average outstanding balance 170,359 18,590 
 
 The Investment Adviser served as collateral manager to the 2014 Issuer and 2020 Issuer and serves as the collateral manager to the 2018 Issuer and GCIC 2018 Issuer under separate collateral management agreements and receives a fee for providing these services. The total fees payable by the Company under the Investment Advisory Agreement and Prior Investment Advisory Agreement, as applicable, are reduced by an amount equal to the total aggregate fees paid to the Investment Adviser by the 2014 Issuer, the 2018 Issuer, the GCIC 2018 Issuer and the 2020 Issuer for rendering such collateral management services. 
 
 As part of each of the 2014 Debt Securitization, the 2018 Debt Securitization, GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization and the 2020 Debt Securitization, GBDC entered into, or assumed in the Merger, master loan sale agreements under which GBDC agreed to directly or indirectly sell or contribute certain senior secured and second lien loans (or participation interests therein) to the 2014 Issuer, the 2018 Issuer, the GCIC 2018 Issuer or the 2020 Issuer, as applicable, and to purchase or otherwise acquire the LLC equity interests in the 2014 Issuer, the Subordinated 2018 Notes, the GCIC Subordinated 2018 Notes and the Subordinated 2020 Notes, as applicable. As of September 30, 2021, the 2018 Notes and the GCIC 2018 Notes (other than the Subordinated 2018 Notes and the GCIC Subordinated 2018 Notes) were the secured obligations of the 2018 Issuer and the GCIC 2018 Issuer, respectively, and indentures governing each of the 2018 Notes and the GCIC 2018 Notes include customary covenants and events of default. 
 
 SBA Debentures On August 24, 2010, SBIC IV received approval for a license from the SBA to operate as an SBIC. On December 5, 2012, SBIC V received a license from the SBA to operate as an SBIC. On January 10, 2017, SBIC VI received a license from the SBA to operate as an SBIC. On November 4, 2020, May 4, 2021 and September 21, 2021, SBIC IV, SBIC V, and SBIC VI, respectively, surrendered their licenses to operate as a SBIC. The SBICs were subject to a variety of regulations and oversight by the SBA concerning the size and nature of the companies in which they invested as well as the structures of those investments. 
 
 The licenses allowed the SBICs to obtain leverage by issuing SBA-guaranteed debentures, subject to issuance of a capital commitment by the SBA and customary procedures. These debentures were non-recourse to the Company, had interest payable semiannually and a ten-year maturity. The interest rate was fixed at the time of issuance at a market-driven spread over U.S. Treasury Notes with ten-year maturities. 
 
 236 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 Under present SBIC regulations, the maximum amount of SBA-guaranteed debentures issued by multiple licensees under common management is 350,000 and the maximum amount issued by a single SBIC licensee is 175,000. As of September 30, 2021, each of SBIC IV, SBIC V and SBIC VI had no outstanding SBA-guaranteed debentures. As of September 30, 2020, SBIC IV, SBIC V and SBIC VI had 0, 151,750 and 66,000, respectively, of outstanding SBA-guaranteed debentures that matured between March 2024 and March 2030. The original amount of debentures committed to SBIC IV, SBIC V and SBIC VI by the SBA were 150,000, 175,000 and 175,000, respectively. Through September 30, 2020, SBIC IV repaid 150,000 of outstanding debentures and these commitments were terminated. Through September 30, 2021, SBIC V and SBIC VI repaid 165,000 and 110,000 of outstanding debentures, respectively, and these commitments were terminated. 
 
 For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the components of interest expense, cash paid for interest, annualized average interest rates and average outstanding balances for the SBA debentures were as follows Year ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Stated interest expense 3,851 9,075 9,674 Amortization of debt issuance costs 4,621 1,218 893 Total interest and other debt financing expenses 8,472 10,293 10,567 Cash paid for interest expense 4,396 9,237 9,737 Average stated interest rate 2.7 3.1 3.4 Average outstanding balance 143,179 289,003 287,651 
 
 Revolving Credit Facilities 
 On July 21, 2011, Funding entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility (as amended, the Credit Facility with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and lender. On February 4, 2019, the Credit Facility was repaid in full and subsequently terminated. Prior to termination, the Credit Facility allowed Funding to borrow up to 170,000 at any one time outstanding, subject to leverage and borrowing base restrictions. The Credit Facility bore interest at one-month LIBOR plus 2.15 . In addition to the stated interest rate on the Credit Facility, the Company was required to pay a non-usage fee at a rate between 0.50 and 1.75 per annum depending on the size of the unused portion of the Credit Facility. 
 
 As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company had no outstanding debt under the Credit Facility. For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 the components of interest expense, cash paid for interest and facility fees, annualized average interest rates and average outstanding balances for the Credit Facility were as follows 
 Year ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Stated interest expense 1,455 Facility fees 189 Amortization of debt issuance costs 156 Total interest and other debt financing expenses 1,800 Cash paid for interest expense and facility fees 2,033 Average stated interest rate N A N A 4.5 Average outstanding balance 31,997 
 
 On July 20, 2018, Golub Capital BDC 2010-1 LLC 2010 Issuer entered into a credit facility (as amended, the MS Credit Facility with Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A., as lender, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. Morgan Stanley ), as administrative agent, and U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral agent for the administrative agent and the lenders. On November 1, 2018, the 2010 Issuer amended the MS Credit Facility to, among other things, increase the size of the MS Credit Facility from 300,000 to 450,000. The other material terms of the MS Credit Facility were unchanged. On November 16, 2018, a portion of the proceeds from the private placement of the 2018 Notes, net of expenses, was used to repay all amounts outstanding under the MS Credit Facility, following which the agreements governing the MS Credit Facility were terminated. The MS Credit Facility bore interest at a rate equal to one-month LIBOR plus 1.90 and was scheduled to mature on March 20, 2019. 
 237 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

The MS Credit Facility was secured by all of the assets held by the 2010 Issuer. Pursuant to a collateral management agreement, the Investment Adviser had agreed to perform certain duties with respect to the purchase and management of the assets securing the MS Credit Facility. The Investment Adviser was not paid a fee for such services under the collateral management agreement, but was reimbursed for expenses incurred in the performance of such obligations other than any ordinary overhead expenses, which were not reimbursed. 
 
 As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company had no outstanding debt under the MS Credit Facility. 
 
 For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the components of interest expense, cash paid for interest and facility fees, average interest rates and average outstanding balances for the MS Credit Facility were as follows 
 
 Year ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Stated interest expense 1,453 Amortization of debt issuance costs 190 Total interest and other debt financing expenses 1,643 Cash paid for interest expense and facility fees 3,174 Average stated interest rate N A N A 4.2 Average outstanding balance 34,194 
 
 On February 1, 2019, Funding II entered into a credit facility as amended, (the MS Credit Facility II with Morgan Stanley, as the administrative agent, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto, each of the securitization subsidiaries from time to time party thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as collateral agent, account bank and collateral custodian. On September 6, 2019, the Company entered into an amendment to the MS Credit Facility II to increase borrowing capacity to 300,000. On October 11, 2019, the Company entered into an amendment to increase the borrowing capacity under the MS Credit Facility II from 300,000 to 500,000 until the earlier of (i) the closing date of a debt securitization transaction mutually agreed to by the Company and Morgan Stanley or (ii) March 31, 2020 after which the borrowing capacity under the MS Credit Facility II will revert to 200,000. On March 20, 2020, the Company entered into an amendment that changed the date under which the borrowing capacity reverts from 500,000 to 200,000 to June 30, 2020 from March 31, 2020. On June 18, 2020, the Company entered into an amendment that increased the borrowing capacity through the full term of the MS Credit Facility II from 200,000 to 400,000. On October 23, 2020, the Company delivered a notice to the lenders under the MS Credit Facility II to permanently decrease the borrowing capacity under the MS Credit Facility II by 75,000, resulting in total borrowing capacity of 325,000. On January 29, 2021, the Company entered into an amendment to the MS Credit Facility II that extended the reinvestment period to May 3, 2021 from February 1, 2021, extended the maturity date to May 1, 2024 from February 1, 2024 and reduced borrowing capacity to 250,000 from 325,000. On February 23, 2021, the Company delivered a notice to the lenders under the MS Credit Facility II to permanently decrease the borrowing capacity under the MS Credit Facility II by 175,000 to 75,000. On April 13, 2021, the Company entered into an amendment on MS Credit Facility II to, among other things, reduce the interest rate for borrowings under the facility to the applicable base rate plus 2.05 during the revolving period and to the applicable base rate plus 2.55 thereafter, extend the revolving period from May 3, 2021 to April 12, 2024 and to extend the maturity date from May 1, 2024 to April 12, 2026. On July 30, 2021, the Company entered into an amendment on MS Credit Facility II to, among other things, amend general concentration limits and institute an unused fee holiday until November 30, 2021. As of September 30, 2021, the MS Credit Facility II allows Funding II to borrow up to 75,000 at any one time outstanding, subject to leverage and borrowing base restrictions. 
 The period from February 1, 2019 until April 12, 2024 is referred to as the revolving period and during such revolving period, Funding II may request drawdowns under the MS Credit Facility II. Prior to June 18, 2020, borrowings under the MS Credit Facility II bore interest at the applicable base rate plus 2.05 . Effective June 18, 2020 to April 13, 2021, the MS Credit Facility II bore interest at the applicable base rate plus 2.45 . Effective April 13, 2021, the MS Credit Facility II bears interest at the applicable base rate plus 2.05 . Following expiration of the revolving period, the interest rate on borrowings under the MS Credit Facility II will reset to the applicable base rate plus 2.55 for the remaining term of the MS Credit Facility II. The revolving period will continue through April 12, 
 238 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 2024 unless there is an earlier termination or event of default. The base rate under the MS Credit Facility II is (i) one-month LIBOR with respect to any advances denominated in U.S. dollars or U.K. pound sterling, (ii) one-month EURIBOR with respect to any advances denominated in euros, and (iii) one-month Canadian Dollar Offered Rate with respect to any advances denominated in Canadian dollars. The scheduled maturity date of the MS Credit Facility II is April 12, 2026. The MS Credit Facility II is subject to a non-usage fee of 0.50 per annum subsequent to a ramp-up period as defined in the credit agreement. 
 The MS Credit Facility II is secured by all of the assets held by Funding II. Both the Company and Funding II have made customary representations and warranties and are required to comply with various covenants, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar credit facilities. The borrowings under the MS Credit Facility II will be subject to the leverage restrictions contained in the 1940 Act. 
 As of September 30, 2021, the Company had no outstanding debt under the MS Credit Facility II. As of September 30, 2020, the Company had outstanding debt under the MS Credit Facility II of 313,292. 
 
 For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the components of interest expense, cash paid for interest and facility fees, average interest rates and average outstanding balances for the MS Credit Facility II were as follows Year ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Stated interest expense 3,000 11,018 5,275 Facility fees 262 551 104 Amortization of debt issuance costs 493 1,821 380 Total interest and other debt financing expenses 3,755 13,390 5,759 Cash paid for interest expense and facility fees 5,034 11,567 3,421 Average stated interest rate 2.7 3.1 4.3 Average outstanding balance 112,375 350,846 122,884 
 
 Effective September 16, 2019, the Company assumed, as a result of the Merger, a senior secured revolving credit facility (as amended, the WF Credit Facility with GCIC Funding as the borrower and with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. as the swingline lender, collateral agent, account bank, collateral custodian and administrative agent. On February 12, 2021, all outstanding borrowings under the WF Credit Facility were repaid following which the WF Credit Facility was terminated. Prior to its termination, the WF Credit Facility allowed GCIC Funding to borrow up to 300,000 at any one time outstanding, subject to leverage and borrowing base restrictions. The stated maturity on the WF Credit Facility was March 21, 2024, with a reinvestment period that would have expired on March 20, 2021. The WF Credit Facility bore interest at one-month LIBOR plus 2.00 . A non-usage fee rate between 0.50 and 1.75 per annum was payable depending on the size of the unused portion of the WF Credit Facility. 
 
 The WF Credit Facility was collateralized by all of the assets held by GCIC Funding, and GBDC pledged its interests in GCIC Funding as collateral to Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as the collateral agent, to secure the obligations of GBDC as the transferor and servicer under the WF Credit Facility. Both GBDC and GCIC Funding made customary representations and warranties and were required to comply with various covenants, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar credit facilities. Borrowings under the WF Credit Facility were subject to the asset coverage requirements contained in the 1940 Act. 
 
 The Company transferred certain loans and debt securities it originated or acquired from time to time to GCIC Funding through a purchase and sale agreement and caused GCIC Funding to originate or acquire loans, consistent with the Company s investment objectives. 
 
 As of September 30, 2020, the Company had outstanding debt under the WF Credit Facility of 199,554. 
 
 239 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the components of interest expense, cash paid for interest and facility fees, annualized average interest rates and average outstanding balances for the WF Credit Facility were as follows Year ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Stated interest expense 996 6,851 421 Facility fees 323 371 12 Total interest and other debt financing expenses 1,319 7,222 433 Cash paid for interest expense and facility fees 1,614 7,533 2,741 Average stated interest rate 2.2 3.0 4.0 Average outstanding balance 45,050 228,100 10,436 
 
 Effective September 16, 2019, the Company assumed as a result of the Merger a senior secured revolving credit facility (as amended, the DB Credit Facility with GCIC Funding II as the borrower and with Deutsche Bank AG, New York branch, as facility agent, the other agents parties thereto, each of the entities from time to time party thereto as securitization subsidiaries and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as collateral agent and as collateral custodian. On October 9, 2020, all outstanding borrowings under the DB Credit Facility were repaid following which the DB Credit Facility was terminated. Prior to its termination, the DB Credit Facility allowed GCIC Funding II to borrow up to 250,000 at any one time outstanding, subject to leverage and borrowing base restrictions. 
 
 The DB Credit Facility bore interest at the applicable base rate plus 1.90 per annum. The base rate under the DB Credit Facility was (i) the three-month Canadian Dollar Offered Rate with respect to any advances denominated in Canadian dollars, (ii) the three-month EURIBOR Interbank Offered Rate with respect to any advances denominated in Euros, (iii) the three-month Bank Bill Swap Rate with respect to any advances denominated in Australian dollars and (iv) the three-month LIBOR with respect to any other advances. A non-usage fee of 0.25 per annum was payable on the undrawn amount under the DB Credit Facility, and an additional fee based on unfunded commitments of the lenders was payable if borrowings under the DB Credit Facility did not exceed a minimum utilization percentage threshold. In addition, a syndication agent fee was payable to the facility agent each quarter and was calculated based on the aggregate commitments outstanding each day during the preceding collection period at a rate of 1 360 of 0.25 of the aggregate commitments on each day. The reinvestment period of the DB Credit Facility would have expired on December 31, 2021 and the DB Credit Facility would have matured on December 31, 2024. 
 
 The DB Credit Facility was secured by all of the assets held by GCIC Funding II. GCIC Funding II made customary representations and warranties and was required to comply with various covenants, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar credit facilities. The borrowings of the Company, including under the DB Credit Facility, were subject to the leverage restrictions contained in the 1940 Act. 
 
 The Company transferred certain loans and debt securities it originated or acquired from time to time to GCIC Funding II through a purchase and sale agreement and caused GCIC Funding II to originate or acquire loans, consistent with the Company s investment objectives. 
 
 As of September 30, 2020, the Company had outstanding debt under the DB Credit Facility of 153,524. 
 
 240 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the components of interest expense, cash paid for interest and facility fees, annualized average interest rates and average outstanding balances for the DB Credit Facility were as follows 
 Year ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Stated interest expense 73 6,554 433 Facility fees 14 586 1 Total interest and other debt financing expenses 87 7,140 434 Cash paid for interest expense and facility fees 840 8,258 Average stated interest rate 2.2 3.2 4.2 Average outstanding balance 3,256 205,373 10,198 
 
 On February 11, 2021, the Company entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility (the JPM Credit Facility with the Company, as borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A., as administrative agent and as collateral agent, and the lenders party thereto. Under the JPM Credit Facility as of September 30, 2021, the lenders agreed to extend credit to the Company in an initial aggregate amount of up to 475,000 in U.S. dollars and certain agreed upon foreign currencies with an option for the Company to request, at one or more times, that existing and or new lenders, at their election, provide up to 237,500 of additional commitments. The JPM Credit Facility provides for the issuance of letters of credit in an initial aggregate face amount of up to 23,750, subject to increase or reduction from time to time pursuant to the terms of the JPM Credit Facility. The JPM Credit Facility is secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of the assets of the Company and certain of the Company s subsidiaries thereunder. 
 
 Borrowings under the JPM Credit Facility are subject to compliance with a borrowing base test. Interest under the JPM Credit Facility for (i) loans for which the Company elects the base rate option, (A) if the value of the gross borrowing base is equal to or greater than 1.60 times the aggregate amount of certain outstanding indebtedness of the Company, or (the Combined Debt Amount, is payable at the greater of (a) the prime rate as last quoted by The Wall Street Journal, (b) the sum of (x) the greater of (I) the federal funds effective rate and (II) the overnight bank funding rate plus (y) 0.5 , and (c) one month LIBOR plus 1 per annum or (the alternate base rate plus 0.75 and, (B) if the value of the gross borrowing base is less than 1.60 times the Combined Debt Amount, the alternate base rate plus 0.875 and (ii) loans for which the Company elects the Eurocurrency option (A) if the value of the gross borrowing base is equal to or greater than 1.60 times the Combined Debt Amount, is payable at a rate equal to LIBOR plus 1.75 and (B) if the value of the gross borrowing base is less than 1.60 times the Combined Debt Amount, is payable at a rate equal to LIBOR plus 1.875 . The Company will pay a commitment fee of 0.375 per annum on the daily unused portion of commitments under the JPM Credit Facility. The Company also will be required to pay letter of credit participation fees and a fronting fee on the daily amount of any lender s exposure with respect to any letters of credit issued at the request of the Company under the JPM Credit Facility. The JPM Credit Facility will mature on February 11, 2026, and require mandatory prepayment of interest and principal upon certain events during the term-out period. 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, the Company had 472,102 of outstanding debt and no letters of credit outstanding under the JPM Credit Facility. 
 
 241 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the components of interest expense, cash paid for interest and facility fees, annualized average interest rates and average outstanding balances for the JPM Credit Facility were as follows Year ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Stated interest expense 1,200 Facility fees 958 Amortization of debt issuance costs 710 Total interest and other debt financing expenses 2,868 Cash paid for interest expense and facility fees 1,593 Average stated interest rate 2.0 N A N A Average outstanding balance 59,612 
 
 Effective January 1, 2020, the Company assumed, as a result of the Purchase Agreement, a senior secured revolving credit facility (as amended, the SLF Credit Facility with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. On June 29, 2020, the SLF Credit Facility was repaid in full and subsequently terminated. Prior to the facility's termination, the reinvestment period of the SLF Credit Facility expired on August 29, 2018 and the maximum commitment was equal to advances outstanding due to leverage and borrowing base restrictions. The stated maturity date of the SLF Credit Facility was August 30, 2022. 
 
 The SLF Credit Facility bore interest at one-month LIBOR plus 2.05 , depending on the composition of the collateral asset portfolio, per annum. 
 
 The SLF Credit Facility was collateralized by all of the assets held by SLF II, and SLF had committed to provide a minimum of 12,500 of unencumbered liquidity. SLF had made customary representations and warranties and was required to comply with various covenants and reporting requirements. 
 
 There was no outstanding balance under the SLF Credit Facility as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020. 
 
 For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the components of interest expense, cash paid for interest and facility fees, average interest rates and average outstanding balances for the SLF Credit Facility were as follows 
 Year ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Stated interest expense 445 Cash paid for interest expense 445 Average stated interest rate N A 3.1 N A Average outstanding balance 14,542 
 
 Effective January 1, 2020, the Company assumed, as a result of the Purchase Agreement, a senior secured revolving credit facility (as amended, the GCIC SLF Credit Facility with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. On June 29, 2020, the GCIC SLF Credit Facility was repaid in full and subsequently terminated. Prior to the facility's termination, the reinvestment period of the GCIC SLF Credit Facility expired on September 27, 2018 and the maximum commitment was equal to advances outstanding due to leverage and borrowing base restrictions. The stated maturity date of the GCIC SLF Credit Facility was September 28, 2022. 
 
 The GCIC SLF Credit Facility bore interest at one-month LIBOR plus 2.05 per annum, depending on the composition of the collateral asset portfolio. The GCIC SLF Credit Facility was collateralized by all of the assets held by GCIC SLF II and GCIC SLF had committed to provide a minimum of 7,500 of unencumbered liquidity. GCIC SLF had made customary representations and warranties and was required to comply with various covenants and reporting requirements. 
 
 242 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 There was no outstanding balance under the GCIC SLF Credit Facility as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020. 
 
 For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the components of interest expense, cash paid for interest and facility fees, average interest rates and average outstanding balances for the GCIC SLF Credit Facility were as follows Year ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Stated interest expense 480 Cash paid for interest expense 487 Annualized average stated interest rate N A 3.0 N A Average outstanding balance 15,896 
 
 2024 Notes On October 2, 2020, the Company issued 400,000 in aggregate principal amount of unsecured notes (the 2024 Notes ). The 2024 Notes bear interest at a rate of 3.375 per year payable semiannually in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year, commencing on April 15, 2021. The 2024 Notes mature on April 15, 2024. 
 
 The 2024 Notes are the Company s general unsecured obligations that rank senior in right of payment to all of the Company s future indebtedness or other obligations that are expressly subordinated, or junior, in right of payment to the 2024 Notes equal in right of payment to the Company s existing and future indebtedness or other obligations that are not so subordinated or junior effectively junior to any of the Company s secured indebtedness or other obligations (including unsecured indebtedness that the Company later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness and structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness and other obligations (including trade payables) incurred by the Company s subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 
 
 At any time or from time to time, the Company may redeem some or all of the 2024 Notes at a redemption price equal to the greater of (1) 100 of the principal amount of the 2024 Notes to be redeemed or (2) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest (exclusive of accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption) on the 2024 Notes to be redeemed through March 15, 2024 (the date falling one month prior to the maturity date of the 2024 Notes), discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) using the applicable Treasury Rate plus 50 basis points, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date provided, however, that if the Company redeems any 2024 Notes on or after March 15, 2024 (the date falling one month prior to the maturity date of the 2024 Notes), the redemption price for the 2024 Notes will be equal to 100 of the principal amount of the 2024 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. No sinking fund is provided for the 2024 Notes. 
 
 For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the components of interest expense, cash paid for interest and facility fees, average interest rates and average outstanding balances for the 2024 Notes were as follows Year ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Stated interest expense 13,463 Accretion of discounts on notes issued 90 Amortization of debt issuance costs 1,583 Total interest and other debt financing expenses 15,136 Cash paid for interest expense 7,238 Average stated interest rate 3.4 N A N A Average outstanding balance 398,904 
 243 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

2026 Notes On February 24, 2021, the Company issued 400,000 in aggregate principal amount of unsecured notes (the 2026 Notes ). The 2026 Notes bear interest at a rate of 2.500 per year payable semiannually in arrears on February 24 and August 24 of each year, commencing on August 24, 2021. The 2026 Notes mature on August 24, 2026. 
 
 The 2026 Notes are the Company s general unsecured obligations that rank senior in right of payment to all of the Company s future indebtedness or other obligations that are expressly subordinated, or junior, in right of payment to the 2026 Notes equal in right of payment to the Company s existing and future indebtedness or other obligations that are not so subordinated or junior effectively junior to any of the Company s secured indebtedness or other obligations (including unsecured indebtedness that the Company later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness and structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness and other obligations (including trade payables) incurred by the Company s subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 
 
 At any time or from time to time, the Company may redeem some or all of the 2026 Notes at a redemption price equal to the greater of (1) 100 of the principal amount of the 2026 Notes to be redeemed or (2) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest (exclusive of accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption) on the 2026 Notes to be redeemed through July 24, 2026 (the date falling one month prior to the maturity date of the 2026 Notes), discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) using the applicable Treasury Rate plus 30 basis points, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date provided, however, that if the Company redeems any 2026 Notes on or after July 24, 2026 (the date falling one month prior to the maturity date of the 2026 Notes), the redemption price for the 2026 Notes will be equal to 100 of the principal amount of the 2026 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. No sinking fund is provided for the 2026 Notes. 
 
 For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the components of interest expense, cash paid for interest and facility fees, average interest rates and average outstanding balances for the 2026 Notes were as follows Year ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Stated interest expense 6,028 Accretion of discounts on notes issued 132 Amortization of debt issuance costs 595 Total interest and other debt financing expenses 6,755 Cash paid for interest expense 5,000 Average stated interest rate 2.5 N A N A Average outstanding balance 240,000 
 
 2027 Notes On August 3, 2021, the Company issued 350,000 in aggregate principal amount of unsecured notes (the 2027 Notes ). The 2027 Notes bear interest at a rate of 2.050 per year payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, commencing on February 15, 2022. The 2027 Notes mature on February 15, 2027. 
 
 The 2027 Notes are the Company s general unsecured obligations that rank senior in right of payment to all of the Company s future indebtedness or other obligations that are expressly subordinated, or junior, in right of payment to the 2027 Notes equal in right of payment to the Company s existing and future indebtedness or other obligations that are not so subordinated or junior effectively junior to any of the Company s secured indebtedness or other obligations (including unsecured indebtedness that the Company later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness and structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness and other obligations (including trade payables) incurred by the Company s subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 
 
 At any time or from time to time, the Company may redeem some or all of the 2027 Notes at a redemption price equal to the greater of (1) 100 of the principal amount of the 2027 Notes to be redeemed or (2) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest (exclusive of accrued and unpaid 
 244 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 interest to the date of redemption) on the 2027 Notes to be redeemed through January 15, 2027 (the date falling one month prior to the maturity date of the Notes), discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) using the applicable Treasury Rate plus 25 basis points, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date provided, however, that if the Company redeems any 2027 Notes on or after January 15, 2027 (the date falling one month prior to the maturity date of the Notes), the redemption price for the 2027 Notes will be equal to 100 of the principal amount of the 2027 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. No sinking fund is provided for the Notes. 
 
 For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the components of interest expense, cash paid for interest and facility fees, average interest rates and average outstanding balances for the 2027 Notes were as follows 
 
 Year ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Stated interest expense 1,156 Accretion of discounts on notes issued 118 Amortization of debt issuance costs 153 Total interest and other debt financing expenses 1,427 Cash paid for interest expense Average stated interest rate 2.0 N A N A Average outstanding balance 56,575 
 
 Revolver The Company has entered into the Adviser Revolver with the Investment Adviser pursuant to which, as of each of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company was permitted to borrow up to 100,000 and which had a maturity date of June 21, 2022. The Adviser Revolver bears an interest rate equal to the short-term Applicable Federal Rate, which was 0.2 as of September 30, 2021. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company had no outstanding debt under the Adviser Revolver. 
 
 For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the components of interest expense, cash paid for interest, annualized average interest rates and average outstanding balances for the Adviser Revolver were as follows 
 Year ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Stated interest expense 33 9 Cash paid for interest expense 42 Average stated interest rate N A 1.3 2.0 Average outstanding balance 2,594 452 
 
 Other Short-Term Borrowings Borrowings with original maturities of less than one year are classified as short-term. The Company s short-term borrowings are the result of investments that were sold under repurchase agreements. Investments sold under repurchase agreements are accounted for as collateralized borrowings as the sale of the investment does not qualify for sale accounting under ASC Topic 860 and remains as an investment on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 
 As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company had no short-term borrowings. For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the components of interest expense, cash paid for interest, annualized average interest rates and average outstanding balances for short term borrowings were as follows 
 245 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 Year ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Stated interest expense 1,533 295 Cash paid for interest expense 1,533 295 Average stated interest rate N A 5.0 4.8 Average outstanding balance 30,780 6,171 
 
 For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019, the average total debt outstanding was 2,184,010, 2,200,950 and 1,050,155, respectively. 
 
 For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019, the effective average interest rate, which includes amortization of debt financing costs, amortization of discounts on notes issued and non-usage facility fees, on the Company's total debt was 3.0 , 3.4 and 4.2 , respectively. 
 
 A summary of the Company s maturity requirements for borrowings as of September 30, 2021 is as follows Payments Due by Period Total Less Than 1 Year 1 3 Years 3 5 Years More Than 5 Years 2018 Debt Securitization 408,200 408,200 2018 GCIC Debt Securitization (1) 
 544,167 544,167 JPM Credit Facility 472,102 472,102 2024 Notes (2) 
 399,770 399,770 2026 Notes (2) 
 398,927 398,927 2027 Notes (2) 
 346,062 346,062 Total borrowings 2,569,228 399,770 871,029 1,298,429 
 
 (1) Represents principal outstanding less unaccreted discount recognized on the assumption of the 2018 GCIC Debt Securitization in the Merger. 
 (2) Represents principal outstanding less unaccreted original issue discount. 
 
 246 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

Note 8. Federal Income Tax Matters 
 The Company has elected to be treated and intends to be subject to tax as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. As a result, the Company must distribute substantially all of its net taxable income each tax year as dividends to its stockholders. 
 Dividends from net investment income and distributions from net realized capital gains are determined in accordance with U.S. federal tax regulations, which may differ from amounts determined in accordance with GAAP and those differences could be material. These book-to-tax differences are either temporary or permanent in nature. Reclassifications due to permanent book-tax differences have no impact on net assets. 
 The following differences were reclassified for tax purposes for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 Years ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Increase (decrease) in Paid in Capital in Excess of Par (1,425) 3,932 Increase (decrease) in Distributable Earnings (Losses) 1,425 (3,932) 
 Taxable income generally differs from net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations for financial reporting purposes due to temporary and permanent differences in the recognition of income and expenses and generally excludes unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments as investment gains and losses are not included in taxable income until they are realized. 
 The following table reconciles net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to taxable income for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 Years ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 340,280 54,872 (18,579) Net change in unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on investment transactions 
 (165,246) 65,527 100,209 Other income not currently taxable (13,466) (5,573) (10,626) Expenses not currently deductible 33,125 41,295 1,385 Other income for tax but not book 8,215 9,092 7,422 Other deductions losses for tax not book (5,295) (2,091) (113) Other realized gain loss differences (2,762) 18,610 16,506 Taxable income before deductions for distributions 194,851 181,732 96,204 
 247 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

The tax character of distributions paid during the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 was as follows Years ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Ordinary Income 189,204 190,874 77,065 Long-Term Capital Gains 5,648 4,691 7,560 Return of Capital 6,625 
 The tax basis components of distributable earnings (accumulated losses) and reconciliation to accumulated earnings (deficit) on a book basis for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 were as follows As of September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Undistributed ordinary income tax basis 10,013 Undistributed realized gains tax basis 10,970 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments (82,787) (217,673) (107,839) Other temporary differences 1,058 (10,909) (1,033) Total accumulated earnings (deficit) book basis (81,729) (228,582) (87,889) 
 Capital losses in excess of capital gains earned in a tax year may generally be carried forward and used to offset capital gains, subject to certain limitations. Capital losses incurred by the Company in tax years beginning after September 30, 2011 are not subject to expiration and retain their character as either short-term or long-term capital losses. As of September 30, 2021, the Company estimates that it will not have any capital loss carryforward available for use in subsequent tax years. 
 For tax purposes, the Company may elect to defer any portion of a post-October capital loss or late-year ordinary loss to the first day of the following fiscal year. As of September 30, 2021, the Company elected to defer 2,270 of ordinary losses. The Company did not elect to defer any short-term capital losses and long-term capital losses as of September 30, 2021. As of September 30, 2020, the Company elected to defer short-term capital losses and long-term capital losses of 81 and 11,886, respectively. For the year ended September 30, 2019, the Company did not make an election to defer any portion of a post-October capital loss or late-year ordinary loss to subsequent fiscal years. 
 For the tax year ended September 30, 2021, the Company does not estimate taxable income in excess of the distributions made from such taxable income during the tax year. 
 As of September 30, 2021, the federal tax cost of investments was 4,982,541 resulting in estimated gross unrealized gains and losses of 103,463 and 191,118, respectively. 
 
 The Company has consolidated subsidiaries that are subject to U.S. federal and state corporate-level income taxes. For the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company recorded a tax expense of 543 for taxable subsidiaries, which is included in the provision for taxes on unrealized appreciation on investments in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, the Company did not record a tax expense for taxable subsidiaries. As of September 30, 2021, the Company recorded a net deferred tax liability of 543 for taxable subsidiaries, which is included in accounts payable and other liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. The deferred tax liability primarily resulted from unrealized appreciation on the investments held at the taxable subsidiaries. As of September 30, 2020, there was no deferred tax asset or liability recorded on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition. 

248 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 Note 9. Commitments and Contingencies 
 
 Commitments As of September 30, 2021, the Company had outstanding commitments to fund investments totaling 340,702, including 42,216 of commitments on undrawn revolvers. As of September 30, 2020, the Company had outstanding commitments to fund investments totaling 141,795, including 41,644 of commitments on undrawn revolvers. 
 
 Indemnifications In the normal course of business, the Company enters into contracts and agreements that contain a variety of representations and warranties that provide general indemnifications. The Company s maximum exposure under these arrangements is unknown, as these involve future claims against the Company that have not occurred. The Company expects the risk of any future obligations under these indemnifications to be remote. 
 
 Off-balance sheet risk Off-balance sheet risk refers to an unrecorded potential liability that may result in a future obligation or loss, even though it does not appear on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. The Company has entered and, in the future, may again enter into derivative instruments that contain elements of off-balance sheet market and credit risk. Refer to Note 5 for outstanding forward currency contracts as of September 30, 2021 and 2020. Derivative instruments can be affected by market conditions, such as interest rate volatility, which could impact the fair value of the derivative instruments. If market conditions move against the Company, it may not achieve the anticipated benefits of the derivative instruments and may realize a loss. The Company minimizes market risk through monitoring its investments and borrowings. 
 
 Concentration of credit and counterparty risk Credit risk arises primarily from the potential inability of counterparties to perform in accordance with the terms of the contract. The Company has engaged and, in the future, may engage again in derivative transactions with counterparties. In the event that the counterparties do not fulfill their obligations, the Company may be exposed to risk. The risk of default depends on the creditworthiness of the counterparties or issuers of the instruments. The Company s maximum loss that it could incur related to counterparty risk on its derivative instruments is the value of the collateral for that respective derivative instrument. It is the Company s policy to review, as necessary, the credit standing of each counterparty. 
 
 Legal proceedings In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to legal and regulatory proceedings that are generally incidental to its ongoing operations. While there can be no assurance of the ultimate disposition of any such proceedings, the Company does not believe any disposition will have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

249 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 Note 10. Financial Highlights 
 
 The financial highlights for the Company are as follows Year ended September 30, Per share data (1) 
 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Net asset value at beginning of period 14.33 16.76 16.10 16.08 15.96 Net increase in net assets as a result of issuance of DRIP shares 0.01 0.01 0.01 0.01 Net increase (decrease) in net assets as a result of issuance of shares (1.13) 3.17 Distributions declared From net investment income (1.13) (1.29) (1.27) (1.31) (1.51) From capital gains (0.03) (0.04) (0.13) (0.05) (0.02) From return of capital (0.04) Net investment income 0.99 0.94 1.36 1.27 1.23 Net realized gain (loss) on investment transactions 0.05 (0.12) (0.07) 0.29 0.16 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investment transactions (2) 
 0.98 (0.76) (2.41) (0.19) 0.06 Net asset value at end of period 15.19 14.33 16.76 16.10 16.08 Per share market value at end of period 15.81 13.24 18.84 18.75 18.82 Total return based on market value (3) 
 28.90 (22.81) 8.80 7.65 10.23 Number of common shares outstanding 170,028,584 167,259,511 132,658,200 60,165,454 59,577,293 
 250 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 Year ended September 30, Listed below are supplemental data and ratios to the financial highlights 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Ratio of net investment income to average net assets 6.73 6.22 8.41 7.88 7.67 Ratio of total expenses (without waiver) to average net assets 5.78 7.15 8.42 7.89 7.52 Ratio of management fee waiver to average net assets (0.16) Ratio of incentive fees to average net assets 0.13 0.62 0.87 1.36 0.83 Ratio of net expenses (without incentive fees) to average net assets 5.49 6.53 7.55 6.53 6.69 Total return based on average net asset value (4) 
 13.70 2.45 (1.81) 8.50 9.08 Net assets at end of period 2,582,692 2,396,193 2,222,854 968,854 957,946 Average debt outstanding 2,184,010 2,200,950 1,050,155 822,823 872,980 Average debt outstanding per share 12.84 13.16 7.92 13.68 14.65 Portfolio turnover 35.58 14.87 17.47 31.91 34.06 Asset coverage ratio (5) 
 200.04 232.15 220.31 269.51 285.23 Asset coverage ratio per unit (6) 
 2,000 2,321 2,203 2,695 2,852 Average market value per unit (7) 
 2014 Debt Securitization N A N A N A N A N A 2018 Debt Securitization N A N A N A N A N A GCIC 2018 Debt Securitization N A N A N A N A N A 2020 Debt Securitization N A N A N A N A N A Credit Facility N A N A N A N A N A 2024 Notes 1,034 N A N A N A N A 2026 Notes 1,004 N A N A N A N A 2027 Notes 990 N A N A N A N A SBA Debentures N A N A N A N A N A GCIC Credit Facility N A N A N A N A N A MS Credit Facility N A N A N A N A N A MS Credit Facility II N A N A N A N A N A WF Credit Facility N A N A N A N A N A DB Credit Facility N A N A N A N A N A SLF Credit Facility N A N A N A N A N A GCIC SLF Credit Facility N A N A N A N A N A JPM Credit Facility N A N A N A N A N A Adviser Revolver N A N A N A N A N A 
 
 Represents an amount less than 0.01 
 (1) Based on actual number of shares outstanding at the end of the corresponding period or the weighted average shares outstanding for the period, unless otherwise noted, as appropriate. 
 (2) Includes the impact of different share amounts as a result of calculating certain per share data based on weighted average shares outstanding during the period and certain per share data based on the shares outstanding as of the dividend record date. 
 (3) Total return based on market value assumes distributions are reinvested in accordance with the DRIP. Total return does not include sales load. 
 (4) Total return based on average net asset value is calculated as (a) the net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations divided by (b) the daily average of total net assets. Total return does not include sales load. 
 (5) Effective February 6, 2019, in accordance with Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act, with certain limited exceptions, the Company is allowed to borrow amounts such that its asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least 150 after such borrowing (excluding the Company's SBA debentures pursuant to exemptive relief received by the Company from the SEC). Prior to February 6, 2019, in accordance with the 1940 Act, with certain limited exceptions, the Company was allowed to borrow amounts such that its asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, was at least 200 after such borrowing (excluding the Company's SBA debentures pursuant to exemptive relief received by the Company from the SEC). 
 (6) Asset coverage ratio per unit is the ratio of the carrying value of our total consolidated assets, less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, to the aggregate amount of senior securities representing indebtedness. Asset coverage ratio per unit is expressed in terms of dollar amounts per 1,000 of indebtedness. These amounts exclude the SBA debentures pursuant to exemptive relief the Company received from the SEC on September 13, 2011. 
 251 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 (7) Not applicable since such senior securities are not registered for public trading, with the exception of the 2024 Notes, 2026 Notes and the 2027 Notes. The average market value per unit calculated for the 2024 Notes, 2026 Notes, and the 2027 Notes is based on the average monthly prices of such notes and is expressed per 1,000 of indebtedness. 

Note 11. Earnings (Loss) Per Share 
 
 The following information sets forth the computation of the net increase (decrease) in net assets per share resulting from operations for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 Year ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Earnings (loss) available to stockholders 340,280 54,872 (18,579) Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding (1) 
 167,994,042 148,913,560 65,488,591 Basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share 2.03 0.37 (0.28) 

(1) The weighted average shares of the Company's common stock outstanding used in computing basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019 has been adjusted retroactively by a factor of approximately 1.03 to recognize the bonus element associated with rights to acquire shares of the Company's common stock that were issued to stockholders of record as of April 8, 2020. 
 252 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 Note 12. Common Stock Issuances 
 On September 16, 2019, the Merger closed and GBDC issued an aggregate of 71,779,964 shares of GBDC common stock to GCIC shareholders based on an exchange ratio of 0.865 shares of GBDC common stock to GCIC stockholders for each share of GCIC common stock, with cash payments in lieu of fractional shares. The shares of GBDC common stock issued at Merger closing were valued based on the market price of GBDC common stock at closing of 18.74. 
 On May 15, 2020, the Company completed a transferable rights offering, issuing 33,451,902 shares at a subscription price of 9.17 per share. Net proceeds after deducting dealer manager fees and other offering expenses were approximately 300,427. 3,191,448 shares were purchased in the rights offering by affiliates of the Investment Adviser. 
 See Note 13 for shares of common stock issued in accordance with the Company's DRIP. 

253 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 Note 13. Dividends and Distributions 
 
 The Company s dividends and distributions are recorded on the ex-dividend date. The following table summarizes the Company s dividend declarations and distributions during the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 Date Declared Record Date Payment Date Amount Per Share Cash Distribution DRIP Shares Issued DRIP Shares Value Year ended September 30, 2021 11 20 2020 12 11 2020 12 30 2020 0.29 33,846 14,659 (1) 
 02 05 2021 03 05 2021 03 30 2021 0.29 34,311 972,196 14,194 05 07 2021 06 11 2021 06 29 2021 0.29 35,113 920,150 13,674 08 06 2021 09 08 2021 09 29 2021 0.29 35,852 876,727 13,203 Year ended September 30, 2020 11 22 2019 12 12 2019 12 30 2019 0.46 (2) 
 40,793 1,149,409 20,230 02 04 2020 03 06 2020 03 27 2020 0.33 30,123 14,030 (3) 
 05 06 2020 06 09 2020 06 29 2020 0.29 31,851 16,653 (4) 
 08 04 2020 09 08 2020 09 29 2020 0.29 33,659 14,851 (5) 
 Year ended September 30, 2019 11 27 2018 12 12 2018 12 28 2018 0.44 (6) 
 22,339 256,785 4,134 02 05 2019 03 07 2019 03 28 2019 0.32 16,507 165,164 2,828 05 07 2019 06 07 2019 06 28 2019 0.32 17,215 128,505 2,173 08 06 2019 08 19 2019 09 27 2019 0.32 16,517 162,328 2,912 

(1) In accordance with the Company's DRIP, 1,034,149 shares of the Company's stock were purchased in the open market at an average price of 14.18 and were issued to stockholders of the Company participating in DRIP. 
 (2) Includes a special distribution of 0.13 per share. 
 (3) In accordance with the Company's DRIP, 1,125,098 shares of the Company's stock were purchased in the open market at an average price of 12.47 and were issued to stockholders of the Company participating in DRIP. 
 (4) In accordance with the Company's DRIP, 1,399,836 shares of the Company's stock were purchased in the open market at an average price of 11.90 and were issued to stockholders of the Company participating in DRIP. 
 (5) In accordance with the Company's DRIP, 1,099,595 shares of the Company's stock were purchased in the open market at an average price of 13.50 and were issued to stockholders of the Company participating in DRIP. 
 (6) Includes a special distribution of 0.12 per share. 

Note 14. Subsequent Events 
 
 In preparing these financial statements, the Company has evaluated events and transactions for potential recognition or disclosure through the date of issuance. There are no subsequent events to disclose except for the following 
 
 On October 13, 2021, the Company issued an additional 200,000 aggregate principal amount of its 2026 Notes (the New 2026 Notes ). The New 2026 Notes have the same terms as the original issuance. Upon issuance of the New 2026 Notes, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes is 600,000. 
 
 On October 14, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with Signature Bank, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and Regions Bank, pursuant to which, through the accordion feature in the JPM Credit Facility, the aggregate commitments under the JPM Credit Facility increased from 475,000 to 687,500. 
 
 On October 15, 2021, the Company issued an additional 100,000 aggregate principal amount of its 2024 Notes (the New 2024 Notes ). The New 2024 Notes have the same terms as the original issuance. Upon issuance of the New 2024 Notes, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Notes is 500,000. 
 
 254 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

On November 19, 2021, the Company's board of directors declared a quarterly distributi on of 0.30 per share, which is payable on December 30, 2021 to holders of record as of December 10, 2021. 
 
 On November 19, 2021, the Company entered into an amendment (the JPM Credit Facility Amendment to the JPM Credit Facility to amend the JPM Credit Facility to, among other things, (x) increase the accordion feature, which allows the Company, under certain circumstances, to increase the total size of the facility, to a total facility size of 1,500,000 from 712,500, and (y) replace the LIBOR benchmark and interest rate for loans denominated in Pounds Sterling and Swiss Francs. Upon effectiveness of the JPM Credit Facility Amendment on November 19, 2021, borrowings under the JPM Credit Facility remain subject to compliance with a borrowing base test. In connection with the JPM Credit Facility Amendment, interest under the JPM Credit Facility for loans denominated in Pounds Sterling or Swiss Francs, (A) if the value of the gross borrowing base is equal to or greater than 1.60 times the aggregate amount of certain outstanding indebtedness of the Company (the Combined Debt Amount is payable at a rate equal to one month SONIA plus 1.7826 per annum or one month Swiss Average Overnight Rate SARON plus 1.6929 per annum, respectively and, (B) if the value of the gross borrowing base is less than 1.60 times the Combined Debt Amount, is payable at a rate equal to one month SONIA plus 1.9076 per annum or one month SARON plus 1.8179 per annum, respectively. 
 
 On November 23, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with First National Bank of Pennsylvania, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., MUFG Union Bank, N.A., CIBC Bank USA, and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, pursuant to which, through the accordion feature in the JPM Credit Facility, the aggregate commitments under the JPM Credit Facility increased from 687,500 to 1,037,500. 

255 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of September 30, 2021 (the end of the period covered by this report), management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, concluded that, at the end of such period, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective and provided reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our periodic SEC filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that it will detect or uncover failures within the Company to disclose material information otherwise required to be set forth in the Company s periodic reports. 
 (b) Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Ernst & Young LLP's Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are included in Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 (c) Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 Management has not identified any change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth fiscal quarter of 2021 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 256 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by Item 10 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by Item 11 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by Item 12 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by Item 13 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by Item 14 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 
 
 257 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 The following documents are filed as part of this annual report on Form 10-K (1) Financial Statements Refer to Item 8 starting on page 114 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules None 
 (3) Exhibits 
 
 2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Golub Capital BDC, Inc., Golub Capital Investment Corporation, Fifth Ave Subsidiary Inc., GC Advisors, LLC, and solely for purposes of Section 1.9, Golub Capital LLC, dated as of November 27, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00794), filed on November 28, 2018). 2.2 
 Amendment No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Golub Capital BDC, Inc., Golub Capital Investment Corporation, Fifth Ave Subsidiary Inc., GC Advisors, LLC, and solely for purposes of Section 1.9, Golub Capital LLC, dated as of December 21, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (4)(b) to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-14 (File No. 333-228998), filed on December 21, 2018). 2.3 
 Amendment No. 2 to Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Golub Capital BDC, Inc., Golub Capital Investment Corporation, Fifth Ave Subsidiary Inc., GC Advisors, LLC, and solely for purposes of Section 1.9, Golub Capital LLC, dated as of July 11, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (4)(c) to Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-14 (File No. 333-228998), filed on July 11, 2019). 3.1 
 Form of Certificate of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (a)(2) to the Registrant s Pre-effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-163279), filed on March 25, 2010). 3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Golub Capital BDC, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00794), filed on September 4, 2019). 3. 3 
 Form of Bylaws (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (b)(2) to the Registrant s Pre-effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-163279), filed on March 25, 2010). 4.1 
 Form of Stock Certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (d) to the Registrant s Pre-effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-163279), filed on March 25, 2010). 4.2 
 Form of Subscription Certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (d)(2) to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-174756), filed on June 7, 2011). 4.3 
 Form of Subscription Agent Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (d)(4) to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-174756), filed on June 7, 2011). 4.4 
 Form of Warrant Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (d)(5) to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-174756), filed on June 7, 2011). 4.5 
 Form of Certificate of Designation for Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (d)(6) to the Registrant s Pre-effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-174756), filed on August 25, 2011). 
 258 

4.6 
 Form T-1 Statement of Eligibility of U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, with respect to the Form of Indenture (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (d)(7) to the Registrant s Pre-effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-174756), filed on August 25, 2011). 4.7 
 Description of securities 4.8 
 Indenture, dated as of October 2, 2020, by and between Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00794), filed on October 5, 2020). 4.9 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 2, 2020, relating to the 3.375 Notes due 2024, by and between Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00794), filed on October 5, 2020). 4.10 
 Form of 3.375 Notes due 2024. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00794), filed on October 5, 2020). 4.11 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 24, 2021, related to the 2.500 Notes due 2026, by and between Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00794), filed on February 24, 2021). 4.12 
 Form of 2.500 Notes due 2026. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. File No. 814-00794), filed on February 24, 2021). 4.13 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 3, 2021, relating to the 2.050 Notes due 2027, by and between Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00794), filed on August 3, 2021). 4.14 
 Form of 2.050 Notes due 2027. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00794), filed on August 3, 2021). 10.1 
 Third Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement, dated as of September 16, 2019, by and between Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and GC Advisors, LLC.(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00794), filed on September 16, 2019). 10.2 
 Form of Custody Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (j) to the Registrant s Pre-effective Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-163279), filed on April 12, 2010). 10.3 
 Form of Administration Agreement between Registrant and GC Service Company LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (k)(2) to the Registrant s Pre-effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-163279), filed on March 24, 2010). 10.4 
 Form of Trademark License Agreement between the Registrant and Golub Capital LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (k)(3) to the Registrant s Pre-effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-163279), filed on March 24, 2010). 10.5 
 Amended and Restated Dividend Reinvestment Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00794), filed on May 5, 2011). 10.6 
 Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2018, by and among Golub Capital BDC CLO III LLC, Golub Capital BDC CLO III Depositor LLC and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00794), filed on November 2, 2018). 10.7 
 Indenture, dated as of November 16, 2018, by and between Golub Capital BDC CLO III LLC and US Bank National Association (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00794), filed on November 21, 2018). 
 259 

10.8 
 Collateral Management Agreement, dated as of November 16, 2018, by and between Golub Capital BDC CLO III LLC and GC Advisors LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00794), filed on November 21, 2018). 10.9 
 Master Loan Sale Agreement, dated as of November 16, 2018, by and among Golub Capital BDC, Inc., as the seller, GC Advisors LLC, as the closing date seller, Golub Capital BDC CLO III LLC, as the buyer, and Golub Capital BDC 2010-1 LLC, as the warehouse borrower (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00794), filed on November 21, 2018). 10.10 
 Master Loan Sale Agreement, dated as of November 16, 2018, by and among Golub Capital BDC, Inc., as the seller, Golub Capital BDC CLO III Depositor LLC, as the intermediate seller, and Golub Capital BDC CLO III LLC, as the buyer (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00794), filed on November 21, 2018). 10.11 
 Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2019, among Golub Capital BDC Funding II LLC, as the borrower Golub Capital BDC, Inc., as the originator and as the servicer Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as the administrative agent each of the lenders from time to time party thereto each of the securitization subsidiaries from time to time party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as the collateral agent, account bank and collateral custodian (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00794), filed on February 7, 2019). 10.12 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2019, by and between Golub Capital BDC Funding II LLC, as the purchaser, and Golub Capital BDC, Inc., as the transferor (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00794), filed on February 7, 2019). 10.13 
 Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement, dated as of June 21, 2019, by and among the Registrant, as the borrower, and GC Advisors LLC, as the lender (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00794), filed on June 25, 2019). 10.14 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated December 13, 2018, by and among GCIC CLO II LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Golub Capital Investment Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-01128), filed on December 19, 2018). 10.15 
 Indenture, dated December 13, 2018, by and between GCIC CLO II LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Golub Capital Investment Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-01128), filed on December 19, 2018). 10.16 
 Collateral Management Agreement, dated December 13, 2018, by and between GCIC CLO II LLC and GC Advisors LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Golub Capital Investment Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-01128), filed on December 19, 2018). 10.17 
 Master Loan Sale Agreement by and among Golub Capital Investment Corporation, as the seller, GC Advisors LLC, as the closing date seller, GCIC CLO II LLC, as the buyer, and GCIC Funding LLC, as the warehouse borrower, dated as of December 13, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Golub Capital Investment Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-01128), filed on December 19, 2018). 10.18 
 Master Loan Sale Agreement by and among Golub Capital Investment Corporation, as the seller, GCIC CLO II Depositor LLC, as the intermediate seller, and GCIC CLO II LLC, as the buyer, dated as of December 13, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Golub Capital Investment Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-01128), filed on December 19, 2018). 
 260 

10.19 
 First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2019, by and between Golub Capital BDC, Inc. as the borrower and GC Advisors LLC as the lender (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00794), filed on October 31, 2019). 10.20 
 Second Amendment to Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of September 6, 2019, among Golub Capital BDC Funding II LLC, as the borrower Golub Capital BDC, Inc., as the originator and as the servicer Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as the administrative agent and Morgan Stanley Bank N.A., as lender (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00794), filed on September 12, 2019). 10.21 
 Third Amendment to Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of October 11, 2019, among Golub Capital BDC Funding II LLC, as the borrower Golub Capital BDC, Inc., as the originator and as the servicer Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as the administrative agent and Morgan Stanley Bank N.A., as lender (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00794), filed on October 16, 2019). 10.22 
 Fourth Amendment to Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of March 20, 2020, by and among Golub Capital BDC Funding II LLC, as the borrower Golub Capital BDC, Inc., as the originator and as the servicer Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as the administrative agent and Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A., as the lender (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K (File No. 814-00794), filed March 26, 2020). 10.23 
 Fifth Amendment to Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of June 18, 2020, by and among Golub Capital BDC Funding II LLC, as the borrower, Golub Capital BDC., Inc., as the originator and as the servicer, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as the administrative agent and Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A., as the lender (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K (File No. 814-00794), filed June 19, 2020). 10.24 
 Sixth Amendment to Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2021, among Golub Capital BDC Funding II LLC, as borrower, Golub Capital BDC, Inc., as servicer, and as the originator, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as administrative agent, and Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A., as lender. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 814-00794), filed on February 8, 2021). 10.25 
 Seventh Amendment to Loan and Servicing Agreement (this Amendment ), dated as of January 29, 2021 (the Amendment Date ), among Golub Capital BDC Funding II LLC, as borrower (the Borrower ), Golub Capital BDC, Inc., as servicer (in such capacity, the Servicer and as the originator (in such capacity, the Originator ), Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent ), and Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A., as lender (the Lender ). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00794), filed on February 3, 2021). 10.26 
 Eighth Amendment to Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of April 13, 2021, among Golub Capital BDC Funding II LLC, as borrower, Golub Capital BDC, Inc., as servicer and as the originator, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as administrative agent, and Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A., as lender. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00794), filed on April 19, 2021). 10.27 
 Ninth Amendment to Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2021, among Golub Capital BDC Funding II LLC, as borrower, Golub Capital BDC, Inc., as servicer and as the originator, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as administrative agent, and Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A., as lender. 10.28 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 21, 2020, by and between GCIC CLO II LLC, as Issuer, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee to the Indenture, dated as of December 13, 2018, among the Issuer and Trustee. 10.29 
 Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of February 11, 2021, by and among Golub Capital BDC, Inc., as borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and as collateral agent, and the lenders, syndication agents, joint bookrunners, and joint lead arrangers party thereto. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00794), filed on February 12, 2021). 14.1 
 Code of Ethics of the Registrant and GC Advisors. 
 261 

14.2 
 Code of Ethics of GC Advisors LLC. 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries. 24 
 Power of attorney (included on the signature page hereto). 25.1 
 Statement of Eligibility of Trustee on From T-1. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 25.1 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q (File No. 814-00794), filed February 7, 2020.) 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 99.1 
 Privacy Policy of the Registrant. 99.2 
 Consent of Ernst & Young LLP 
 _________________ 
 Filed herewith 
 
 262 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Golub Capital BDC, Inc. A Delaware Corporation Date November 29, 2021 By s David B. Golub Name David B. Golub Title Chief Executive Officer 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Lawrence E. Golub, David B. Golub and Christopher C. Ericson as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, each with full power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact or their substitute or substitutes may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date s David B. Golub Chief Executive Officer and Director November 29, 2021 David B. Golub (Principal Executive Officer) s Christopher C. Ericson Chief Financial Officer November 29, 2021 Christopher C. Ericson (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) s Lawrence E. Golub Chairman of the Board of Directors November 29, 2021 Lawrence E. Golub s John T. Baily Director November 29, 2021 John T. Baily s Kenneth F. Bernstein Director November 29, 2021 Kenneth F. Bernstein s Lofton P. Holder Director November 29, 2021 Lofton P. Holder s Anita R. Rosenberg Director November 29, 2021 Anita R. Rosenberg s William M. Webster IV Director November 29, 2021 William M. Webster IV 
 263 

<EX-4.7>
 2
 gbdcfy2021ex48descriptiono.htm
 EX-4.7

Document 

Exhibit 4.7 
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, Golub Capital BDC, Inc. we, our, us or the Company had one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act our common stock, par value 0.001 per share. 
 
 For purposes of this exhibit, references to we, our and us refer only to Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and not to any of its current or future subsidiaries and references to subsidiaries refer only to consolidated subsidiaries of and exclude any investments held by Golub Capital BDC, Inc. in the ordinary course of business which are not, under GAAP, consolidated on the financial statements of Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 
 
 Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this Description of Securities is attached as an exhibit. 
 
 The following description is based on relevant portions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL and on our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, each of which is filed as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.8 is a part. This summary is not necessarily complete, and we refer you to the DGCL and our certificate of incorporation and bylaws for a more detailed description of the provisions summarized below. 
 
 Capital Stock 
 
 Our authorized stock currently consists of 200,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share. Our common stock is traded on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol GBDC . There are no outstanding options or warrants to purchase our stock. No stock has been authorized for issuance under any equity compensation plans. Under Delaware law, our stockholders generally are not personally liable for our debts or obligations. 
 
 The following are our outstanding classes of securities as of September 30, 2021 
 
 Title of Class 
 (2) Amount authorized 
 (3) Amount held by us or for Our Account 
 (4) Amount Outstanding Exclusive of Amounts shown Under (3) 
 Common Stock 
 200,000,000.00 
 170,028,584.00 Preferred Stock 
 1,000,000 

All shares of our common stock have equal rights as to earnings, assets, dividends and other distributions and voting and, when they are issued, will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Distributions may be paid to the holders of our common stock if, as and when authorized by our board of directors and declared by us out of funds legally available therefrom. Shares of our common stock have no preemptive, exchange, conversion or redemption rights and are freely transferable, except when their transfer is restricted by federal and state securities laws or by contract. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each share of our common stock would be entitled to share ratably in all of our assets that are legally available for distribution after we pay all debts and other liabilities and subject to any preferential rights of holders of our preferred stock, if any preferred stock is outstanding at such time. Each share of our common stock is entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors. Except as provided with respect to any other class or series of stock, the holders of our common stock will possess exclusive voting power. There is no cumulative voting in the 

election of directors, which means that holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock can elect all of our directors, and holders of less than a majority of such shares will not be able to elect any directors. 
 
 Provisions of the DGCL and Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 
 Limitation on Liability of Directors and Officers Indemnification and Advance of Expenses 
 
 The indemnification of our officers and directors is governed by Section 145 of the DGCL, and our certificate of incorporation and bylaws. Subsection (a) of DGCL Section 145 empowers a corporation to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if (1) such person acted in good faith, (2) in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and (3) with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, such person had no reasonable cause to believe the person s conduct was unlawful. 
 
 Subsection (b) of DGCL Section 145 empowers a corporation to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if such person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the corporation, and except that no indemnification may be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person has been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the Delaware Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought determines upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court deems proper. 
 
 DGCL Section 145 further provides that to the extent that a present or former director or officer is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in the defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 145, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person will be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding. In all cases in which indemnification is permitted under subsections (a) and (b) of Section 145 (unless ordered by a court), it will be made by the corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the present or former director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances because the applicable standard of conduct has been met by the party to be indemnified. Such determination must be made, with respect to a person who is a director or officer at the time of such determination, (1) by a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, even though less than a quorum, (2) by a committee of such directors designated by majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, (3) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion or (4) by the stockholders. The statute authorizes the corporation to pay expenses incurred by an officer or director in advance of the final disposition of a proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the director or officer to repay such amount if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation as authorized. DGCL Section 145 also provides that indemnification and advancement of expenses permitted under such Section are not to be exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise. DGCL Section 145 also authorizes the corporation to purchase and maintain liability insurance on behalf of its directors, officers, employees and agents regardless of whether the corporation would have the statutory power to indemnify such persons against the liabilities insured. 

Our certificate of incorporation provides that our directors will not be liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director to the fullest extent permitted by the current DGCL or as the DGCL may hereafter be amended. DGCL Section 102(b)(7) provides that the personal liability of a director to a corporation or its stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty as a director may be eliminated except for liability (1) for any breach of the director s duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders, (2) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (3) under Section 174 of the DGCL, relating to unlawful payment of dividends or unlawful stock purchases or redemption of stock or (4) for any transaction from which the director derives an improper personal benefit. 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide for the indemnification of any person to the full extent permitted, and in the manner provided, by the current DGCL or as the DGCL may hereafter be amended. In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and officers in order to effect the foregoing except to the extent that such indemnification would exceed the limitations on indemnification under Section 17(h) of the 1940 Act. 
 
 Delaware Anti-Takeover Law 
 
 The DGCL and our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a potential acquirer to acquire us by means of a tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. These provisions are expected to discourage certain coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate first with our board of directors. These measures may delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. We believe, however, that the benefits of these provisions outweigh the potential disadvantages of discouraging any such acquisition proposals because the negotiation of such proposals may improve their terms. 
 
 We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers. In general, these provisions prohibit a Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with any interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless 

prior to such time, the board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder 
 
 upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced or 
 
 on or after the date the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at a meeting of stockholders, by at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 
 Section 203 defines business combination to include the following 
 
 any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder 
 
 any sale, transfer, pledge or other disposition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of 
 
 10 or more of either the aggregate market value of all the assets of the corporation or the aggregate market value of all the outstanding stock of the corporation involving the interested stockholder 
 
 subject to certain exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder 

any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series of the corporation owned by the interested stockholder or 
 
 the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by or through the corporation. 
 
 In general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder as any entity or person beneficially owning 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation and any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by any of these entities or persons. 
 
 The statute could prohibit or delay mergers or other takeover or change in control attempts and, accordingly, may discourage attempts to acquire us. 
 
 Election of Directors 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the votes cast by stockholders present in person or by proxy at an annual or special meeting of stockholders and entitled to vote thereat will be required to elect a director. Under our certificate of incorporation, our board of directors may amend the bylaws to alter the vote required to elect directors. 
 
 Classified Board of Directors 
 
 Our board of directors is divided into three classes of directors serving staggered three-year terms, with the term of office of only one of the three classes expiring each year. A classified board may render a change in control of us or removal of our incumbent management more difficult. We believe, however, that the longer time required to elect a majority of a classified board of directors helps to ensure the continuity and stability of our management and policies. 
 
 Number of Directors Removal Vacancies 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides that the number of directors will be set only by the board of directors by resolution or amendment to our bylaw adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors. Our bylaws provide that a majority of our entire board of directors may at any time increase or decrease the number of directors. However, unless our bylaws are amended, the number of directors may never be less than four nor more than eight. Under the DGCL, unless the certificate of incorporation provides otherwise (which our certificate of incorporation does not), directors on a classified board such as our board of directors may be removed only for cause. Under our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, any vacancy on the board of directors, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of the board of directors, may be filled only by vote of a majority of the directors then in office. The limitations on the ability of our stockholders to remove directors and fill vacancies could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire, or discourage a third-party from seeking to acquire, control of us. 
 
 Action by Stockholders 
 
 Under our certificate of incorporation stockholder action can be taken only at an annual or special meeting of stockholders or by unanimous written consent in lieu of a meeting. This may have the effect of delaying consideration of a stockholder proposal until the next annual meeting. 
 
 Advance Notice Provisions for Stockholder Nominations and Stockholder Proposals 
 
 Our bylaws provide that with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders, nominations of persons for election to the board of directors and the proposal of business to be considered by stockholders may be made only (1) by or at the direction of the board of directors, (2) pursuant to our notice of meeting or (3) by a stockholder who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice procedures of the bylaws. Nominations of persons for election to the board of directors at a special meeting may be made only by or at the direction of the 

board of directors, and provided that the board of directors has determined that directors will be elected at the meeting, by a stockholder who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice provisions of the bylaws. 
 
 The purpose of requiring stockholders to give us advance notice of nominations and other business is to afford our board of directors a meaningful opportunity to consider the qualifications of the proposed nominees and the advisability of any other proposed business and, to the extent deemed necessary or desirable by our board of directors, to inform stockholders and make recommendations about such qualifications or business, as well as to provide a more orderly procedure for conducting meetings of stockholders. Although our bylaws do not give our board of directors any power to disapprove stockholder nominations for the election of directors or proposals recommending certain action, they may have the effect of precluding a contest for the election of directors or the consideration of stockholder proposals if proper procedures are not followed and of discouraging or deterring a third party from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors or to approve its own proposal without regard to whether consideration of such nominees or proposals might be harmful or beneficial to us and our stockholders. 
 
 Stockholder Meetings 
 
 Our bylaws provide that any action required or permitted to be taken by stockholders at an annual meeting or special meeting of stockholders may only be taken if it is properly brought before such meeting. In addition, in lieu of such a meeting, any such action may be taken by the unanimous written consent of our stockholders. Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws also provide that, except as otherwise required by law, special meetings of the stockholders can only be called by the chairman of the board, the chief executive officer or the board of directors. In addition, our bylaws establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting of stockholders, including proposed nominations of candidates for election to the board of directors. Stockholders at an annual meeting may only consider proposals or nominations specified in the notice of meeting or brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the board of directors, or by a stockholder of record on the record date for the meeting who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has delivered timely written notice in proper form to the secretary of the stockholder s intention to bring such business before the meeting. These provisions could have the effect of delaying until the next stockholder meeting stockholder actions that are favored by the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities. 
 
 Calling of Special Meetings of Stockholders 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that special meetings of stockholders may be called by our board of directors, the chairman of the board and our chief executive officer. 
 
 Conflict with 1940 Act 
 
 Our bylaws provide that, if and to the extent that any provision of the DGCL or any provision of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws conflicts with any provision of the 1940 Act, the applicable provision of the 1940 Act will control. 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-10.27>
 3
 tm2132240d1_ex10-27.htm
 EX-10.27

Exhibit 10.27 

EXECUTION VERSION 

NINTH
AMENDMENT TO Loan and Servicing Agreement (this Amendment ), dated as of July 30, 2021 (the Amendment
Date ), among Golub Capital BDC Funding II LLC, as borrower (the Borrower ), Golub Capital BDC, Inc., as
servicer (in such capacity, the Servicer and as the originator (in such capacity, the Originator ),
Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent ), and Morgan Stanley Bank,
N.A., as lender (the Lender ). 

WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Servicer,
the Originator, the Administrative Agent and the Lender, are party to that certain Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of February
1, 2019 (as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented prior to the Amendment Date in accordance with the terms thereof, the Loan
and Servicing Agreement ), by and among the Borrower, the Servicer, the Originator, the Administrative Agent, each of the Lenders
from time to time party thereto, each of the Securitization Subsidiaries from time to time party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association, as the collateral agent, the account bank and the collateral custodian, providing, among other things, for the making and
the administration of the Advances by the Lenders to the Borrower; and 

WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Lender,
the Administrative Agent and the Servicer desire to amend certain provisions of the Loan and Servicing Agreement, in accordance with Section
12.01 thereof and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing premises and the mutual agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 

ARTICLE
I 

Definitions 

Terms used but not defined herein
have the respective meanings given to such terms in the Loan and Servicing Agreement. 

ARTICLE
II 

Amendments 

SECTION 2.1. 
 As of the Amendment Date, the Loan and Servicing Agreement is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in
the same manner as the following example: stricken text and to add the bold and double-underlined
text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: bold
and double-underlined text as set forth on the pages of the Loan and Servicing Agreement attached as Appendix A 
hereto. 

ARTICLE
III 

Representations and Warranties 

SECTION 3.1. 
 The Borrower and the Servicer hereby represent and warrant to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that, as of the Amendment
Date, (i) no Unmatured Event of Default, Event of Default or Servicer Default has occurred and is continuing and (ii) the representations
and warranties of the Borrower and the Servicer contained in the Loan and Servicing Agreement are true and correct in all material respects
on and as of such day. 

ARTICLE
IV 

Conditions Precedent 

SECTION 4.1. 
 This Amendment shall become effective upon: 

(a) its
execution and delivery by each party hereto; 

(b) the Administrative Agent s receipt of (i) a legal opinion of counsel for the Borrower, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent covering such matters as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, (ii) a good standing certificate
for each of the Borrower and the Servicer issued by the applicable Governmental Authority of its jurisdiction of organization and (iii)
a copy of the resolutions of each of the Borrower and the Servicer approving this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby,
certified by its secretary or assistant secretary or other authorized officer; and 

(c) the
receipt of payment by the Borrower in immediately available funds of any fees (including all reasonable and documented fees, disbursements
and other charges of outside counsel to the Administrative Agent) to be received on the Amendment Date. 

ARTICLE
V 

Miscellaneous 

SECTION 5.1. 
 Governing Law . THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND
CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF (OTHER
THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW). 

SECTION 5.2. 
 Severability Clause . In case any provision in this Amendment shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality,
and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

SECTION 5.3. Ratification .
Except as expressly amended hereby, the Loan and Servicing Agreement is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms,
conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Amendment shall form a part of the Loan and Servicing
Agreement for all purposes. 

2 

SECTION 5.4. 
 Counterparts . The parties hereto may sign one or more copies of this Amendment in counterparts, all of which together shall
constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Amendment by email transmission shall be effective
as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. 

SECTION 5.5. 
 Headings . The headings of the Articles and Sections in this Amendment are for convenience of reference only and shall not
be deemed to alter or affect the meaning or interpretation of any provisions hereof. 

[ Signature Pages Follow ] 

3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the Amendment Date. 

BORROWER : 

GOLUB
 CAPITAL BDC FUNDING II LLC 

By: Golub
 Capital BDC, Inc., its Designated Manager 

By: 
 /s/Ross
 A. Teune 

Name: 
 Ross A. Teune 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

[Signature Page to Ninth Amendment to Loan and
Servicing Agreement] 

SERVICER : 

GOLUB CAPITAL BDC, INC. 

By: 
 /s/Ross
 A. Teune 

Name: 
 Ross A. Teune 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

[Signature Page to Ninth Amendment to Loan and
Servicing Agreement] 

ORIGINATOR : 

GOLUB CAPITAL BDC, INC. 

By: 
 /s/Ross
 A. Teune 

Name: 
 Ross A. Teune 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

[Signature Page to Ninth Amendment to Loan and
Servicing Agreement] 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT : 

MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING,
 INC. 

By: 
 /s/Matthieu
 Milgrom 

Name: 
 Matthieu Milgrom 

Title: 
 Authorized Signatory 

[Signature Page to Ninth Amendment to Loan and
Servicing Agreement] 

LENDER : 

MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A. 

By: 
 /s/Nii
 Dodoo 

Name: 
 Nii Dodoo 

Title: 
 Authorized Signor 

[Signature Page to Ninth Amendment to Loan and
Servicing Agreement] 

APPENDIX A 

[Attached] 

(Conformed through Amendment No. 8 9 

Up to U.S. 75,000,000 

LOAN AND SERVICING AGREEMENT 

Dated as of February 1, 2019 

among 

GOLUB CAPITAL
BDC FUNDING II LLC , 
as the Borrower 

GOLUB CAPITAL
BDC, INC. , 
as the Originator and as the Servicer 

MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., 
as the Administrative Agent 

EACH OF THE LENDERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO, 
as the Lenders 

EACH OF THE SECURITIZATION SUBSIDIARIES FROM TIME
TO TIME PARTY HERETO, 

and 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
as the Collateral Agent, Account Bank and Collateral Custodian 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS 

Section 1.01 
 Certain Defined Terms 
 2 
 
 Section 1.02 
 Other Terms 
 61 
 
 Section 1.03 
 Computation of Time Periods 
 61 
 
 Section 1.04 
 Interpretation 
 62 
 
 Section 1.05 
 Currency Conversion 
 63 
 
 Section 1.06 
 Computation of Covenants 
 63 

ARTICLE II 
 
THE FACILITY 

Section 2.01 
 Advances 
 64 
 
 Section 2.02 
 Procedure for Advances 
 64 
 
 Section 2.03 
 Determination of Yield 
 66 
 
 Section 2.04 
 Remittance Procedures 
 66 
 
 Section 2.05 
 Instructions to the Collateral Agent and the Account Bank 
 71 
 
 Section 2.06 
 Borrowing Base Deficiency Payments 
 71 
 
 Section 2.07 
 Sale of Loan Assets; Affiliate Transactions 
 73 
 
 Section 2.08 
 Payments and Computations, Etc. 
 77 
 
 Section 2.09 
 Unused Fee 
 78 
 
 Section 2.10 
 Increased Costs; Capital Adequacy 
 78 
 
 Section 2.11 
 Taxes 
 80 
 
 Section 2.12 
 Grant of a Security Interest; Collateral Assignment of Agreements 
 84 
 
 Section 2.13 
 Evidence of Debt 
 85 
 
 Section 2.14 
 Release of Loan Assets 
 86 
 
 Section 2.15 
 Treatment of Amounts Received by any Loan Party 
 87 
 
 Section 2.16 
 Prepayment; Termination; Reduction 
 87 
 
 Section 2.17 
 Collections and Allocations 
 88 
 
 Section 2.18 
 Reinvestment of Principal Collections 
 91 
 
 Section 2.19 
 Defaulting Lenders 
 91 
 
 Section 2.20 
 Investment of Amounts on Deposit in Contribution Account 
 92 
 
 Section 2.21 
 Incremental Facilities 
 93 

ARTICLE III 
 
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 

Section 3.01 
 Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness 
 94 
 
 Section 3.02 
 Conditions Precedent to All Advances 
 95 
 
 Section 3.03 
 Advances Do Not Constitute a Waiver 
 98 

- i - 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 (continued) 

Page 

Section 3.04 
 Conditions to Acquisition of Loan Assets 
 98 

ARTICLE IV 
 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

Section 4.01 
 Representations and Warranties of the Loan Parties 
 99 
 
 Section 4.02 
 Representations and Warranties of each Loan Party Relating to the Agreement and the Collateral 
 108 
 
 Section 4.03 
 Representations and Warranties of the Servicer 
 109 
 
 Section 4.04 
 Representations and Warranties of the Collateral Agent 
 113 
 
 Section 4.05 
 Representations and Warranties of the Collateral Custodian 
 114 

ARTICLE V 
 
GENERAL COVENANTS 

Section 5.01 
 Affirmative Covenants of the Loan Parties 
 115 
 
 Section 5.02 
 Negative Covenants of the Loan Parties 
 122 
 
 Section 5.03 
 Affirmative Covenants of the Servicer 
 125 
 
 Section 5.04 
 Negative Covenants of the Servicer 
 129 
 
 Section 5.05 
 Affirmative Covenants of the Collateral Agent 
 131 
 
 Section 5.06 
 Negative Covenants of the Collateral Agent 
 131 
 
 Section 5.07 
 Affirmative Covenants of the Collateral Custodian 
 131 
 
 Section 5.08 
 Negative Covenants of the Collateral Custodian 
 131 

ARTICLE VI 
 
ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICING OF CONTRACTS 

Section 6.01 
 Appointment and Designation of the Servicer 
 132 
 
 Section 6.02 
 Duties of the Servicer 
 134 
 
 Section 6.03 
 Authorization of the Servicer 
 136 
 
 Section 6.04 
 Collection of Payments; Accounts 
 136 
 
 Section 6.05 
 [Reserved] 
 138 
 
 Section 6.06 
 Servicer Compensation 
 138 
 
 Section 6.07 
 Payment of Certain Expenses by Servicer 
 138 
 
 Section 6.08 
 Reports to the Administrative Agent; Account Statements; Servicer Information 
 138 
 
 Section 6.09 
 Annual Statement as to Compliance 
 140 
 
 Section 6.10 
 Annual Independent Public Accountant's Servicing Reports 
 140 
 
 Section 6.11 
 Procedural Review of Loan Assets; Access to Servicer and Servicer's Records 
 141 

- ii - 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 (continued) 

Page 

Section 6.12 
 The Servicer Not to Resign 
 142 

ARTICLE VII 
 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

Section 7.01 
 Events of Default 
 142 
 
 Section 7.02 
 Additional Remedies of the Administrative Agent 
 146 
 
 Section 7.03 
 Option to Purchase Collateral 
 148 

ARTICLE VIII 
 
INDEMNIFICATION 

Section 8.01 
 Indemnities by the Borrower 
 149 
 
 Section 8.02 
 Indemnities by Servicer 
 150 
 
 Section 8.03 
 Waiver of Certain Claims 
 151 
 
 Section 8.04 
 Legal Proceedings 
 151 
 
 Section 8.05 
 After-Tax Basis 
 152 

ARTICLE IX 
 
THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 

Section 9.01 
 The Administrative Agent 
 152 

ARTICLE X 
 
COLLATERAL AGENT 

Section 10.01 
 Designation of Collateral Agent 
 157 
 
 Section 10.02 
 Duties of Collateral Agent 
 157 
 
 Section 10.03 
 Merger or Consolidation 
 160 
 
 Section 10.04 
 Collateral Agent Compensation 
 160 
 
 Section 10.05 
 Collateral Agent Removal 
 161 
 
 Section 10.06 
 Limitation on Liability 
 161 
 
 Section 10.07 
 Collateral Agent Resignation 
 163 

ARTICLE XI 
 
COLLATERAL CUSTODIAN 

Section 11.01 
 Designation of Collateral Custodian 
 163 
 
 Section 11.02 
 Duties of Collateral Custodian 
 164 

- i ii- 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 (continued) 

Page 

Section 11.03 
 Merger or Consolidation 
 167 
 
 Section 11.04 
 Collateral Custodian Compensation 
 167 
 
 Section 11.05 
 Collateral Custodian Removal 
 167 
 
 Section 11.06 
 Limitation on Liability 
 167 
 
 Section 11.07 
 Collateral Custodian Resignation 
 169 
 
 Section 11.08 
 Release of Documents 
 169 
 
 Section 11.09 
 Return of Required Loan Documents 
 170 
 
 Section 11.10 
 Access to Certain Documentation and Information Regarding the Collateral 
 170 
 
 Section 11.11 
 Bailment 
 171 

ARTICLE XII 
 
MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 12.01 
 Amendments and Waivers 
 171 
 
 Section 12.02 
 Notices, Etc. 
 175 
 
 Section 12.03 
 No Waiver; Remedies 
 177 
 
 Section 12.04 
 Binding Effect; Assignability; Multiple Lenders 
 177 
 
 Section 12.05 
 Term of This Agreement 
 178 
 
 Section 12.06 
 GOVERNING LAW; JURY WAIVER 
 178 
 
 Section 12.07 
 Costs, Expenses and Taxes 
 180 
 
 Section 12.08 
 Further Assurances 
 180 
 
 Section 12.09 
 Recourse Against Certain Parties 
 181 
 
 Section 12.10 
 Execution in Counterparts; Severability; Integration 
 181 
 
 Section 12.11 
 Characterization of Conveyances Pursuant to each Purchase and Sale Agreement 
 182 
 
 Section 12.12 
 Confidentiality 
 183 
 
 Section 12.13 
 Waiver of Set Off 
 184 
 
 Section 12.14 
 Headings and Exhibits 
 184 
 
 Section 12.15 
 Ratable Payments 
 184 
 
 Section 12.16 
 Failure of any Loan Party or Servicer to Perform Certain Obligations 
 185 
 
 Section 12.17 
 Power of Attorney 
 185 
 
 Section 12.18 
 Delivery of Termination Statements, Releases, etc. 
 185 
 
 Section 12.19 
 Non-Petition 
 185 

- i v- 

LIST OF SCHEDULES,
EXHIBITS AND ANNEXES 

SCHEDULES 

SCHEDULE I 
 - 
 Conditions Precedent Documents 
 
 SCHEDULE II 
 - 
 Eligibility Criteria 
 
 SCHEDULE III 
 - 
 Agreed-Upon Procedures for Independent Public Accountants 
 
 SCHEDULE IV 
 - 
 Loan Asset Schedule 
 
 SCHEDULE V 
 - 
 Industry Classification 
 
 SCHEDULE VI 
 - 
 Diversity Score 
 
 SCHEDULE VII 
 - 
 Existing Golub BDC CLOs 
 
 SCHEDULE VIII 
 - 
 Reference Rate Terms 
 
 SCHEDULE IX 
 - 
 Daily Non-Cumulative Compounded RFR Rate 

ANNEXES 

ANNEX A 
 - 
 Commitments 

EXHIBITS 

EXHIBIT A 
 - 
 Form of Approval Notice 
 
 EXHIBIT B 
 - 
 Form of Borrowing Base Certificate 
 
 EXHIBIT C 
 - 
 Form of Disbursement Request 
 
 EXHIBIT D 
 - 
 Form of Notice of Borrowing 
 
 EXHIBIT E 
 - 
 Form of Notice of Reduction (Reduction of Advances Outstanding) 
 
 EXHIBIT F 
 - 
 Form of Notice of Termination/Permanent Reduction 
 
 EXHIBIT G 
 - 
 [Reserved] 
 
 EXHIBIT H 
 - 
 Form of Servicing Report 
 
 EXHIBIT I 
 - 
 Form of Servicer Certificate (Servicing Report) 
 
 EXHIBIT J 
 - 
 Form of Release of Required Loan Documents 
 
 EXHIBIT K 
 - 
 Form of Assignment and Acceptance 
 
 EXHIBIT L 
 - 
 Forms of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates 
 
 EXHIBIT M 
 
 Form of Joinder Supplement 
 
 EXHIBIT N 
 
 Form of Securitization Subsidiary Joinder 

-v- 

This LOAN AND SERVICING
AGREEMENT is made as of February 1, 2019, among: 

(1) 
 GOLUB CAPITAL BDC FUNDING II LLC , a Delaware limited liability company, as
the Borrower (as defined below); 

(2) 
 GOLUB CAPITAL BDC, INC. , a Delaware corporation, as the Originator (as defined
below) and as the Servicer (as defined below); 

(3) 
 EACH OF THE LENDERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO , as the Lenders (as defined below); 

(4) 
 MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC. , as the Administrative Agent (as defined below); 

(5) 
 EACH OF THE SECURITIZATION SUBSIDIARIES FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO , as the Securitization Subsidiaries (as defined below);
and 

(6) 
 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as the Collateral Agent (as defined below), the Account Bank (as defined below)
and the Collateral Custodian (as defined below). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, the Borrower has
requested that the Lenders make available to the Borrower a revolving loan facility in the maximum principal amount of up to the Facility
Amount (as defined below), the proceeds of which shall be used by the Borrower to fund the purchase of certain Eligible Loan Assets (as
defined below); 

WHEREAS, the Borrower is willing
to grant to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties (as defined below), a lien on and security interest in the Collateral
(as defined below) to secure the payment in full of the Obligations (as defined below); 

WHEREAS, the Lenders are willing
to extend financing to the Borrower on the terms and conditions set forth herein; 

WHEREAS, the Borrower also
desires to retain the Servicer to perform certain servicing functions related to the Collateral on the terms and conditions set forth
herein; and 

WHEREAS, the Servicer desires
to perform certain servicing functions related to the Collateral on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties
hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 

ARTICLE
I 

DEFINITIONS 

Section 1.01 
 Certain Defined Terms . 

(a) 
 Certain capitalized terms used throughout this Agreement are defined above or in this Section 1.01 . 

(b) 
 As used in this Agreement and the exhibits and schedules hereto (each of which is hereby incorporated herein and made a part hereof),
the following terms shall have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of
the terms defined): 

1940
Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Account
Bank means Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, in its capacity as the Securities Intermediary pursuant
to the Control Agreement. 

Account
Bank Expenses means the expenses set forth in the Wells Fargo Fee Letter that are payable to the Account Bank and any
other accrued and unpaid expenses (including reasonable and documented attorneys fees, costs and expenses) and indemnity amounts
payable by the Borrower to the Account Bank under the Transaction Documents. 

Account
Bank Fees means the fees set forth in the Wells Fargo Fee Letter. 

Action 
has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 8.04 . 

Additional
Amount has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 2.11(a) . 

Adjusted
Borrowing Value means, on any date of determination, (i) for any Eligible Loan Asset, an amount equal to the Assigned
Value of such Eligible Loan Asset at such time, multiplied by the Outstanding Balance of such Eligible Loan Asset at such time
and (ii) for any Loan Asset that is not an Eligible Loan Asset, zero. 

Administrative
Agent means Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders, together with
its successors and assigns, including any successor appointed pursuant to Article
IX . 

Administrative Expense
Cap means, for any Payment Date, a per annum amount equal to 100,000. 

Administrative Expenses 
means the following fees and expenses due or accrued with respect to any Payment Date, payable on a pro rata basis to: (a) the
Collateral Agent, for payment of accrued Collateral Agent Fees and Collateral Agent Expenses, (b) the Collateral Custodian, for payment
of accrued Collateral Custodian Fees and Collateral Custodian Expenses and (c) the Account Bank, for any Account Bank Fees and Account
Bank Expenses. 

2 

Advance 
means each loan advanced in each applicable Eligible Currency by the Lenders to the Borrower on an Advance Date pursuant to Article
II . 

Advance
Date means, with respect to any Advance, the date on which funds are made available to the Borrower in accordance with
 Section 2.02 . 

Advance
Rate means, with respect to an Eligible Loan Asset, as set forth in the Approval Notice for an Eligible Loan Asset,
the percentage determined by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion and communicated in writing to the Borrower, the Originator
and the Servicer at the time such Eligible Loan Asset is approved by the Administrative Agent, subject to a maximum advance rate as set
forth in the Advance Rate Matrix based on the applicable loan type of such Eligible Loan Asset, as set forth in the Approval Notice for
an Eligible Loan Asset; provided that, the Advance Rate for any Subject Loan Asset will be reduced
by 10 by the Administrative Agent on or after the date on which such Eligible Loan Asset initially becomes a Subject Loan Asset (in
accordance with the definition thereof); provided further that the Borrower may request that the assigned Advance
Rate of an Eligible Loan Asset be re-evaluated by the Administrative Agent at any time. 

The Administrative Agent shall
promptly notify the Servicer of any change effected by the Administrative Agent of the Advance Rate of any Loan Asset and neither the
Borrower nor the Servicer shall have any obligation to make any calculations hereunder giving effect to such modified Advance Rate until
the Servicer has received such notice. 

Advance
Rate Matrix means the following matrix: 

Loan Type 
 Maximum Advance Rate 
 
 Broadly Syndicated Loans 
 77.5 
 
 First Lien Loans 
 75 
 
 Recurring Revenue Loans 
 70 
 
 Unitranche Loans for which the Senior Leverage Ratio as of the Cut-Off Date is less than 5.00 : 1.00 
 70 
 
 Unitranche Loans for which the Senior Leverage Ratio as of the Cut-Off Date is greater than or equal to 5.00 : 1.00 and less than 5.50 : 1.00 
 67.5 
 
 Unitranche Loans for which the Senior Leverage Ratio as of the Cut-Off Date is greater than or equal to 5.50 : 1.00 
 65 
 
 Second Lien Loans 
 50 

FLLO Loans 
 (first pay debt applicable advance rate determined in accordance with this definition of Advance Rate Matrix as though such first pay debt were a Loan Asset) first out debt / last out debt 

3 

Advances
Outstanding means, on any date of determination, the sum of the aggregate principal amount in Dollars or the Dollar Equivalent,
as determined by the Administrative Agent using the Spot Rate, of all Advances outstanding on such date, after giving effect to all repayments
of Advances and the making of new Advances on such date; provided that the principal amounts of Advances Outstanding shall not
be reduced by any Available Collections or other amounts if at any time such Available Collections or other amounts are rescinded or must
be returned for any reason; provided , further , that for purposes of the determination of Yield and in connection with any
reduction pursuant to Section 2.16 or any payments made in accordance with Section 2.04 , Advances Outstanding 
shall refer only to Advances outstanding in the applicable Eligible Currency. 

Affected
Party has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 2.10(a) . 

Affiliate 
means, when used with respect to a Person, any other Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls,
is controlled by or is under common control with such Person. For the purposes of this definition, control, when used with
respect to any specified Person, means the power to vote more than 50 of the voting securities of such Person or to direct the management
and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and
the term controlled has a correlative meaning to the foregoing; provided that the term Affiliate shall not include
any Affiliate relationship which may exist solely as a result of direct or indirect ownership of, or control by, a common Financial Sponsor. 

Aggregate Adjusted
Borrowing Value means, as of any date of determination, (a) an amount equal to the sum of the Adjusted Borrowing Values of all
Eligible Loan Assets included as part of the Collateral on such date, after giving effect to all Eligible Loan Assets added to and removed
from the Collateral on such date minus (b) the Excess Concentration Amount. 

Aggregate Unfunded
Exposure Amount means, as of any date of determination, the sum of the Unfunded Exposure Amounts of all Delayed Draw Loan Assets
included in the Collateral on such date. 

Agreement 
means this Loan and Servicing Agreement. 

Amortization Period 
means the period commencing on the Commitment Termination Date and ending on the Collection Date. 

Anti-Money Laundering
Laws has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 4.01(hh)(iii) . 

Applicable
Law means for any Person, all existing laws, rules, regulations, to the extent applicable to such Person or its property
or assets, all statutes, treaties, codes, ordinances, permits, certificates, orders, licenses of and published interpretations by any
Governmental Authority applicable to such Person and applicable judgments, decrees, injunctions, writs, awards or orders of any court,
arbitrator or other administrative, judicial, or quasi-judicial tribunal or agency of competent jurisdiction. 

4 

Applicable
Margin means, as of the Eighth Amendment Effective Date, (i) for each day during the Revolving Period, an amount equal
to 2.05 per annum and (ii) during the Amortization Period, 2.55 per annum ; provided that (x) after notice from
the Administrative Agent to the Borrower following the occurrence and continuation of an Event of Default or after the automatic occurrence
of the Facility Maturity Date pursuant to clause (c) of the definition thereof or (y) after the automatic occurrence of the Facility
Maturity Date pursuant to clause (a) or clause (b) of the definition thereof, the Applicable Margin shall be increased by an additional
2.00 per annum . 

Approval
Notice means, with respect to any Eligible Loan Asset, the written notice, in substantially the form attached hereto
as Exhibit A . 

Approved Valuation
Firm means each of (a) Duff Phelps, LLC, (b) Murray, Devine Co., Inc. and (c) any other nationally recognized accounting
firm or valuation firm, in each case, approved by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent that, in each case, has agreed to confidentiality
provisions acceptable to the Servicer; provided that, prior to the Closing Date, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall
designate Murray, Devine Co., Inc. as the initial Valuation Firm; provided , further , that, after the Closing Date,
the Administrative Agent may remove Murray, Devine Co., Inc. and designate a new Valuation Firm from among the previously agreed
upon Approved Valuation Firms. 

Asset
Replacement Percentage means, on any date of calculation, a fraction (expressed as a percentage) where the numerator
is the outstanding principal balance of the assets that were indexed to the Benchmark Replacement (Dollar) for the Corresponding Tenor
as of such calculation date and the denominator is the outstanding principal balance of the assets as of such calculation date. 

Assigned
Documents has the meaning assigned to that term in Section
2.12(b) . 

Assigned
Value means, as of any date of determination and expressed as a percentage of the Outstanding Balance of such Eligible
Loan Asset, (i) with respect to each Eligible Loan Asset funded and/or originated by the Borrower, or funded and/or originated by the
Originator or its Affiliates (other than the Borrower) within three (3) months of its sale or contribution to the Borrower, (a) if the
funding or origination price was greater than or equal to 97 of par, the par amount thereof and (b) otherwise, the funding or origination
price, as applicable, and (ii) for any other Eligible Loan Asset, the Assigned Value shall be the lowest of (a) the Purchase Price of
such Eligible Loan Asset, (b) the Assigned Value assigned as of the applicable Cut-Off Date by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion,
and (c) the par amount of such Eligible Loan Asset. Following a Value Adjustment Event, the Assigned Value for any Eligible Loan Asset
may (or in the case of clause (i) shall) be reduced by the Administrative Agent as set forth below: 

5 

(i) if
a Value Adjustment Event of the type described in clause (b) , clause (c) , clause (d) or clause (f) (solely
with respect to a Material Modification described in clause (a) or clause (e) of the definition thereof) of the
definition thereof with respect to such Loan Asset occurs, the Assigned Value of such Loan Asset will, automatically and without
further action by the Administrative Agent, be zero; and 

(ii) 
 subject to clause (iii) below, upon the
occurrence of a Value Adjustment Event (other than the type described in clause (b) , clause (c) , clause (d) or clause
(f) (solely with respect to a Material Modification described in clause (a) or clause (e) of the definition thereof)),
the then-current Assigned Value for such Eligible Loan Asset may be amended by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion (at any
time and from time to time); provided that, if the Value Adjustment Event occurred pursuant to clauses (a), (e) or (g) of the definition
thereof, then the Assigned Value may no longer be adjusted by the Administrative Agent once the condition that triggered such Value Adjustment
Event no longer exists; 

(iii) Specified
Period . 

(1) If,
during the Specified Period, one or more Value Adjustment Events pursuant to clause (a) , clause
(f) (solely with respect to a Material Modification described in clause (c) of
the definition thereof that is effected during the Specified Period and in respect of interest payments otherwise due during the Specified
Period) or clause (g) , occurs with respect to any Subject Loan Asset (each, a Qualifying
Value Adjustment Event ), the Assigned Value of such Subject Loan Asset in effect at the time of the occurrence
of such Qualifying Value Adjustment Event shall not be amended by the Administrative Agent solely during the Specified Period, subject
to the requirements of this clause (iii) ; 

(2) After
the expiration of the Specified Period, the Assigned Value of any Subject Loan Asset that was subject to one or more Qualifying Value
Adjustment Events may be amended by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion if such Qualifying Value Adjustment Event(s) remains
in effect on the last day of the Specified Period (subject to clause (3) below). A Qualifying Value Adjustment Event shall be deemed
to be in effect as of the last day of the Specified Period if (x) the applicable ratio(s) set forth in clause (a)
 of the definition of Value Adjustment Event remain decreased or increased (as applicable) beyond the
stated percentages, (y) with respect to clause (f) of the definition of Value Adjustment
Event , such Loan Asset previously modified as set forth in clause (c) of the definition
of Material Modification has not resumed paying interest in cash at a rate at least equal to the rate in effect at the
beginning of the Specified Period and is not required to, on the payment date following the first interest accrual period 
(as such term or any comparable term is defined in the related Underlying Instruments) after the end of the Specified Period, resume
paying interest in cash at a rate at least equal to the rate in effect at the beginning of the Specified Period or (z) with respect to
 clause (g) of the definition of Value Adjustment Event , the related Obligor s
last quarter annualized Revenue is less than the minimum covenant (if any) specified in the Underlying Instrument; provided that,
(i) on the last day of the Specified Period and (ii) on the day that a Loan Asset ceases to be a Subject Loan Asset pursuant to the last
paragraph of the definition thereof, in each case, the Administrative Agent will determine and notify the Servicer of any amended Assigned
Value with respect to such Subject Loan Asset on such date; and 

6 

(3) If
the Borrower disagrees with the amended Assigned Value given to a Subject Loan Asset pursuant to clause (iii)(2) 
 above, then the Borrower may dispute such Assigned Value pursuant to the procedures set forth in the last proviso of this definition; 

provided that the Administrative Agent
may continue to amend the Assigned Value for such Eligible Loan Asset only if the credit quality of such Eligible Loan Asset has continued
to deteriorate (regardless of whether such deterioration is sufficient to trigger a Value Adjustment Event) in the reasonable determination
of the Administrative Agent; provided , further , that, for the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent may not amend
any Assigned Value solely due to a decline in the Index; provided , further , that, the Borrower may request that the Assigned
Value be re-evaluated by the Administrative Agent for any Eligible Loan Asset at any time; provided , further , that such
Assigned Value may not increase above 100 of the Outstanding Balance of such Loan Asset; provided further that following any reduction
to the Assigned Value of an Eligible Loan Asset, if the Borrower disagrees with the Administrative Agent s determination of the
Assigned Value of such Eligible Loan Asset, the Borrower may (at its expense) request a new valuation from a Valuation Firm chosen by
the Administrative Agent to value such Eligible Loan Asset. If the value determined by such Valuation Firm is greater than the Administrative
Agent s determination of the Assigned Value, such Valuation Firm s valuation shall become the Assigned Value of such Loan
Asset until the occurrence (if any) of a subsequent Value Adjustment Event. 

The Administrative Agent shall
promptly notify the Servicer of any change effected by the Administrative Agent of the Assigned Value of any Loan Asset (including,
for the avoidance of doubt, any change in the Assigned Value of a Loan Asset pursuant to clause (iii) 
 above) and neither the Borrower nor the Servicer shall have any obligation to make any calculations hereunder
giving effect to such lower Assigned Value until the Servicer has received such notice. 

Assignment
and Acceptance has the meaning assigned to that term in Section
12.04(a) . 

AUD means
the lawful currency of Australia. 

AUD Advance 
means an Advance denominated in AUD. 

Availability 
means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (a) the Borrowing Base over (b) the Advances Outstanding
on such day. 

Available
Collections means the sum of all Interest Collections and all Principal Collections received with respect to the Collateral;
 provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, Available Collections shall not include amounts on deposit in the Unfunded
Exposure Account that do not represent proceeds of Permitted Investments. 

7 

Available
Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, any tenor for such Benchmark
or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, as applicable, that is or may be used for determining
the length of a Remittance Period pursuant to this Agreement as of such date ; provided 
that, for the avoidance of doubt, the Available Tenor utilized for any Benchmark hereunder will be a term equivalent to one (1)
month . 

Bankruptcy
Code means Title 11, United States Code, 11 U.S.C. 101 et seq ., as amended from time
to time. 

Bankruptcy
Event means an event that shall be deemed to have occurred with respect to a Person if either: 

(i) 
 a case or other proceeding shall be commenced, without the application or consent of such Person, in any court, seeking the liquidation,
reorganization, debt arrangement, dissolution, winding up, or composition or readjustment of debts of such Person, the appointment of
a trustee, receiver, custodian, liquidator, assignee, sequestrator or the like for such Person or all or substantially all of its assets,
or any similar action with respect to such Person under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, winding up or composition
or adjustment of debts, and such case or proceeding shall continue undismissed, or unstayed and in effect, for a period of sixty (60)
consecutive days; or an order for relief in respect of such Person shall be entered in an involuntary case under the federal bankruptcy
laws or other similar laws now or hereafter in effect; or 

(ii) 
 such Person shall commence a voluntary case or other proceeding under any Bankruptcy Laws now or hereafter in effect, or shall
consent to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator (or other similar
official) for such Person or all or substantially all of its assets, or shall make any general assignment for the benefit of creditors,
or shall fail to, or admit in writing its inability to, pay its debts generally as they become due, or, if a corporation or similar entity,
its board of directors or members shall vote to implement any of the foregoing. 

Bankruptcy
Laws means the Bankruptcy Code and all other applicable liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, moratorium, rearrangement,
receivership, insolvency, reorganization, suspension of payments, or similar debtor relief laws from time to time in effect affecting
the rights of creditors generally. 

Bankruptcy
Proceeding means any case, action or proceeding before any court or other Governmental Authority relating to any Bankruptcy
Event. 

BBSW 
means, for any day during a Remittance Period, with respect to any AUD Advance (or portion thereof), the rate per annum 
(carried out to the fifth decimal place) equal to the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the offered rate that
appears on the Reuters Screen BBSW Page (or any applicable successor or substitute page) at approximately 11:00 a.m., Sydney time on
such day, for deposits in AUD with a term equivalent to one month; provided that if such rate is not available at any such
time for any reason, then BBSW with respect to any Advance shall be the rate at which AUD deposits of AUD5,000,000 and
for a one-month maturity are offered by the principal Sydney office of any bank (which may be the Administrative Agent) reasonably
selected by the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds on the basis of the discount amount at which the Administrative
Agent is then offering to purchase AUD denominated bankers acceptances that have a comparable aggregate face amount to the
Advances Outstanding in AUD at approximately 11:00 a.m., Sydney time, on the applicable day (or, if such day is not a Business Day,
on the immediately preceding Business Day); provided , further , that, in the event that the rate as so determined above
shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. BBSW shall always be determined by the
Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

8 

BDC Parent 
means Golub Capital BDC, Inc., in its capacity as a holder of membership interests in the Borrower. 

BDC Tax Distribution 
means any distribution made by the Borrower (i) to allow BDC Parent to pay any unpaid Taxes then due and owing resulting from the income
of the Borrower claimed on the tax reporting of BDC Parent or (ii) to the extent necessary to allow BDC Parent to make sufficient distributions
to qualify as a regulated investment company under the Code and to otherwise minimize or eliminate federal or state income or excise taxes
payable by BDC Parent in or with respect to any taxable year of BDC Parent (or any calendar year, as relevant). 

Benchmark 
means with respect to (a) Dollar Advances (i) initially LIBOR (Dollar) and (ii) on and after a Benchmark Replacement Date, the Benchmark
Replacement (Dollar) in effect on such Benchmark Replacement Date, (b) GBP Advances, (i) initially LIBOR
(GBP) and (ii) on and after a Screen Rate Replacement Event, the Replacement Benchmark (GBP) SONIA
Rate , (c) Euro Advances, EURIBOR, (d) CAD Advances, CDOR and , 
(e) with respect to AUD Advances, BBSW , (f) SEK Advances, STIBOR, (g) DKK Advances,
the CIBOR Rate, (h) NOK Advances, the NIBOR Rate and (i) CHF Advances, the RFR pursuant to Schedule VI ; provided that,
if a Benchmark Transition Event or, as the case may be, an Early Opt-in Election and the Benchmark Replacement Date with respect thereto
have occurred with respect to LIBOR (Dollar) or the related then-current Benchmark, then the related Benchmark means the
Benchmark Replacement (Dollar) or the applicable replacement for the related then-current Benchmark, respectively; provided , further ,
that, in the event that the rate resulting from the sum of any Benchmark plus, if applicable, the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment shall
be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 

Benchmark
Replacement (Dollar) means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be
determined by the Administrative Agent on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date: 

(1) the sum of: (a) Term SOFR and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment with respect thereto; 

(2) the sum of: (a) Daily Simple SOFR and (b) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 

(3) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental
Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 

9 

(4) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and
the Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any
industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar denominated secured financings or securitizations
relating to the relevant asset class, as applicable at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 

provided that, in the
case of clause (1) of this definition, such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is displayed on a screen or other information service that
publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 

If at any time the Benchmark
Replacement (Dollar) as determined pursuant to clause (1), (2), (3) or (4) of this definition would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark
Replacement (Dollar) will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 

Benchmark
Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative
Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 

(1) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be
a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected, endorsed or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; or 

(2) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the
Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or
determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement
for U.S. dollar denominated secured financing or securitization transactions relating to the relevant asset class, as applicable at such
time. 

Benchmark
Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement (Dollar), any technical, administrative
or operational changes (including but not limited to changes to the definition of Business Day, the definition of Remittance
Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment,
conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative
or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark
Replacement (Dollar) and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market
practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible
or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement (Dollar) exists,
in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent determines is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration
of this Agreement. 

10 

Benchmark
Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 

(1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later
of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of
such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available
Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 

(2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date of the
public statement or publication of information referenced therein; 

(3) in the case of clause (4) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the fifth (5th)
Business Day following the date of such Servicing Report; or 

(4) in the case of an Early Opt-in Election, the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early
Opt-in Election is provided to the other parties hereto. 

For the avoidance of doubt,
(i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect
of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination
and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to
any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors
of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark
Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark
(solely with respect to LIBOR (Dollar) or a Benchmark Replacement (Dollar)): 

(1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark
(or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all
Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or
such component thereof); 

(2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of
such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component),
a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator
of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark
(or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is
no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

11 

(3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of
such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or
such component thereof) are no longer representative; or 

(4) the Asset Replacement Percentage is greater than 50 , as reported in the most recent Servicing Report. 

For the avoidance of doubt,
a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication
of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or a published component
used in the calculation thereof). 

Beneficial Ownership
Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

Beneficial Ownership
Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 

Benefit Plan Investor 
means a benefit plan investor as defined in Department of Labor regulation 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101, as modified by Section
3(42) of ERISA, and includes an employee benefit plan that is subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of Title I of ERISA,
a plan that is subject to Section 4975 of the Code, and an entity the underlying assets of which are deemed to include plan assets. 

Borrower 
means Golub Capital BDC Funding II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, together with its permitted successors and assigns in such
capacity. 

Borrower Certificate
of Formation means the Certificate of Formation of the Borrower, dated November 20, 2018. 

Borrower Collection
Account means the Collection Account established for the benefit of the Borrower (and not a Securitization Subsidiary thereof). 

Borrower Consent 
means the resolutions of Golub Capital BDC, Inc., in its capacity as designated manager of the Borrower, dated November 27, 2018. 

Borrower LLC Agreement 
means the amended and restated limited liability company agreement of the Borrower, dated February 1, 2019. 

Borrowing Base 
means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the lowest of: 

12 

(i) 
 (a) the sum of the products of (x) the lower of (1) the Weighted Average Advance Rate for all Eligible Loan Assets as of such
date and (2) the Maximum Portfolio Advance Rate as of such date, multiplied by (y) the Aggregate Adjusted Borrowing Value as of
such date, plus (b) the amount on deposit in the Principal Collection Subaccount as of such date plus (c) the amount on
deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account (such amount not to exceed the Aggregate Unfunded Exposure Amount) minus (d) the Unfunded
Exposure Equity Amount; 

(ii) 
 (a) the Aggregate Adjusted Borrowing Value as of such date, minus (b) the Minimum Equity Amount, plus (c) the amount
on deposit in the Principal Collection Subaccount as of such date, plus (d) the amount on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account
(such amount not to exceed the Aggregate Unfunded Exposure Amount) minus (e) the Unfunded Exposure Equity Amount; or 

(iii) 
 the Facility Amount minus the Aggregate Unfunded Exposure Amount plus the amount on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure
Account (such amount not to exceed the Aggregate Unfunded Exposure Amount). 

provided that any Loan Asset which is owned by a Securitization
Subsidiary which has closed a Securitization and has been released from all Liens created under the Transaction Documents shall not be
included in the calculation of Borrowing Base . 

Borrowing
Base Certificate means a certificate prepared by the Borrower setting forth the calculation of the Borrowing Base as
of the applicable date of determination, substantially in the form of Exhibit
B hereto. 

Borrowing
Base Deficiency means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the positive difference, if any, of (i) the
Advances Outstanding on such date over (ii) the Borrowing Base. 

Borrowing
Base Deficiency Increase has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 2.06(d) . 

Breakage
Fee 
means, for Advances Outstanding which are repaid (in whole or in part) on any date other than a Payment Date, the breakage costs, if any,
related to such repayment, based upon the assumption that the applicable Lender funded its loan commitment in the applicable London
interbank offered rate or the euro interbank offered rate market (or, to the extent a
different Benchmark applies, such Benchmark) and using any reasonable attribution or averaging methods which the Lender
deems appropriate and practical, it hereby being understood that the amount of any loss, costs or expense payable by the Borrower to any
Lender as Breakage Fee shall be determined in the respective Lender ' s
reasonable discretion and shall be conclusive absent manifest or demonstrable error. 

Bridge
Loan means any loan that (a) is unsecured and incurred in connection with a merger, acquisition, consolidation or sale of
all or substantially all of the assets of a person or similar transaction and (b) by its terms, is required to be repaid within one
(1) year of the incurrence thereof with proceeds from additional borrowings or other refinancings. 

13 

Broadly Syndicated
Loan means any First Lien Loan as of the related Cut-Off Date with (a) EBITDA of 75,000,000 or greater and (b) an observable
quote with a bid depth of at least three (3) from LoanX Mark-It Partners or Loan Pricing Corporation or as otherwise designated by the
Lender on a name-by-name basis. 

Business
Day 
means a day of the year other than (a) Saturday and or
a Sunday and or 
(b) any other day (x) on which commercial banks in (i) 
New York, New York or (ii) solely , 
with respect to actions any
act required to be taken by the Collateral Agent , in
 accordance with this Agreement, the city in which the offices corporate
trust office of the Collateral Agent are is 
located are authorized or required by applicable law, regulation or executive order to close or (y)
with respect to any determinations relating to an Alternative Currency Advance, on which banks are not open for dealings (i)
 in Dollar or GBP deposits in the
relevant currency in the London interbank market ,
England, (ii) in Euro deposits, DKK deposits, NOK deposits, CHF deposits or SEK deposits in the Euro-zone interbank market, (iii) in CAD
deposits in Toronto, Canada or (iv) in AUD deposits in Sydney, Australia . 

CAD 
means the lawful currency of Canada. 

CAD
Advance means an Advance denominated in CAD. 

Capital
Lease Obligations means, with respect to any entity, the obligations of such entity to pay rent or other amounts under
any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations
are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet of such entity under GAAP, and the amount of such
obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP. 

Capital Stock 
means any and all shares, interest, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of share capital of a corporation, any and
all similar ownership interests in a Person (other than a corporation), and any and all warrants, rights or options to purchase any of
the foregoing. 

Cash Interest
Coverage Ratio means, with respect to any Loan Asset (other than a Recurring Revenue Loan) for any period, the meaning
of Interest Coverage Ratio or any comparable definition in the Underlying Instruments for such Loan Asset, and in the case
that Interest Coverage Ratio or such comparable definition is not defined in such Underlying Instruments, the ratio of (a)
EBITDA for the applicable test period, to (b) cash interest for the applicable test period, as calculated by the Servicer in accordance
with the Servicing Standard using information from and calculations consistent with the relevant compliance statements and financial reporting
packages provided by the relevant Obligor as per the requirements of the related Underlying Instruments. 

14 

CDOR 
means, for any day during a Remittance Period, with respect to any CAD Advance (or portion thereof), the rate per annum (carried out
to the fifth decimal place) equal to the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the offered rate that appears on the
Bloomberg Professional Service CDOR Page (or any applicable successor page) at approximately 11:00 a.m., Toronto time on such day
for deposits in CADs with a term equivalent to one month; provided that if such rate is not available at any such time for
any reason, then CDOR with respect to any Advance shall be the rate at which CAD deposits of CAD5,000,000 and for a
one-month maturity are offered by the principal Toronto office of the Administrative Agent or the principal Toronto office of any
bank reasonably selected by the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds on the basis of the discount amount at which the
Administrative Agent is then offering to purchase CAD denominated bankers acceptances that have a comparable aggregate face
amount to the Advances Outstanding in CAD at approximately 11:00 a.m., Toronto time, on the applicable day (or, if such day is not a
Business Day, on the immediately preceding Business Day); provided , further , that, in the event that the rate as so
determined above shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. CDOR shall always be
determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

Central
Bank Rate means The Bank of England's Bank Rate as published by the Bank of England from time to time. 

Central
Bank Rate Adjustment means, in relation to the Central Bank Rate prevailing at close of business on any RFR Banking Date, the mean
(calculated by the Administrative Agent) of the Central Bank Rate Spreads for the five most immediately preceding RFR Banking Days for
which SONIA was available, excluding the days with the highest (and if there is more than one highest spread, only one of those highest
spreads) and lowest spreads (or if there is more than one lowest spread, only one of those lowest spreads) to the Central Bank Rate. 

Central
Bank Rate Spread means, in relation to any RFR Banking Day, the difference (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) calculated
by the Administrative Agent between (a) SONIA for that RFR Banking Day, and (b) the Central Bank Rate prevailing at close of business
on that RFR Banking Day. 

Change in Law 
means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation
or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application
thereof by any Governmental Authority, (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having
the force of law) by any Governmental Authority or (d) any change in any generally accepted accounting principles or regulatory accounting
principles and affecting the application of any law, rule, regulation or treaty referred to in clause (a) or (b) above. 

Change
of Control means an event that shall be deemed to have occurred if any of the following occur: 

(a) 
 with respect to the Borrower, Golub Capital BDC, Inc. at any time for any reason ceases to own, directly or indirectly, 100 of
the issued and outstanding membership interests of the Borrower (as the same may be adjusted for any combination, recapitalization or
reclassification into a greater or smaller number of shares or units), free and clear of all Liens, rights, options, warrants or other
similar agreements or understandings; 

15 

(b) 
 the Management Agreement shall fail to be in full force and effect; and 

(c) 
 the dissolution, termination or liquidation, in whole or in part, transfer or other disposition, in each case, of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Borrower, the Originator or the Servicer, as applicable. 

CIBOR
Rate means for any day during a Remittance Period, with respect to any DKK Advance (or portion thereof), the rate per annum (carried
out to the fifth decimal place) equal to the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the offered rate that appears on the Bloomberg
screen page or any applicable successor or substitute page providing rate quotations comparable to those currently provided on such page
of such service equal to the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the offered rate that appears on at approximately 11:00
a.m. (Copenhagen, Danish time) on such day for deposits in DKK with a term equivalent to one month; provided that if such rate is not
available at any such time for any reason, CIBOR Rate with respect to any DKK Advance shall be the rate at which DKK deposits
of DKK5,000,000 and for a one-month maturity are offered by the principal Copenhagen office of any bank (which may be the Administrative
Agent) reasonable selected by the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds at approximately 11:00 a.m. (Copenhagen time) on
the applicable day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, on the immediately preceding Business Day); provided, further that, in the
event that the rate as so determined above shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement.
CIBOR Rate shall always be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest effort. 

CHF 
means the lawful currency of Switzerland. 

CHF
Advance means an Advance denominated in CHF. 

Closing
Date means February 1, 2019. 

Closing
Date Asset means a Loan Asset owned by the Borrower (or which the Borrower has entered into a binding commitment to
acquire) on the Closing Date. 

Code 
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

Collateral 
means, collectively, the Collateral Portfolio and each Securitization Subsidiary Collateral Portfolio. 

Collateral
Agent means Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, not in its individual capacity, but solely as collateral agent pursuant
to the terms of this Agreement, together with its successor and assigns in such capacity. 

Collateral Agent
Expenses means the expenses set forth in the Wells Fargo Fee Letter and any other accrued and unpaid expenses (including attorneys'
fees, costs and expenses) and indemnity amounts payable by the Borrower or any Securitization Subsidiary to the Collateral Agent under
the Transaction Documents. 

Collateral Agent
Fees means the fees due to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Wells Fargo Fee Letter. 

16 

Collateral
Agent Termination Notice has the meaning assigned to that term in Section
10.05 . 

Collateral
Custodian means Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, not in its individual capacity, but solely as collateral custodian
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity. 

Collateral Custodian
Expenses means the expenses set forth in the Wells Fargo Fee Letter and any other accrued and unpaid expenses (including attorneys'
fees, costs and expenses) and indemnity amounts payable by the Borrower or any Securitization Subsidiary to the Collateral Custodian under
the Transaction Documents. 

Collateral Custodian
Fees means the fees due to the Collateral Custodian pursuant to the Wells Fargo Fee Letter. 

Collateral
Custodian Termination Notice has the meaning assigned to that term in Section
11.05 . 

Collateral
Portfolio means all right, title, and interest (whether now owned or hereafter acquired or arising, and wherever located)
of the Borrower in, to and under all accounts, cash and currency, chattel paper, tangible chattel paper, electronic chattel paper, copyrights,
copyright licenses, equipment, fixtures, contract rights, general intangibles, instruments, certificates of deposit, certificated securities,
uncertificated securities, financial assets, securities entitlements, commercial tort claims, deposit accounts, inventory, investment
property, letter-of-credit rights, software, supporting obligations, accessions, or other property of the Borrower, including, all right,
title and interest of the Borrower in the following (in each case excluding the Retained Interest and the Excluded Amounts): 

(i) 
 the Loan Assets, and all monies due or to become due in payment under such Loan Assets on and after the related Cut-Off Date, including,
but not limited to, all Available Collections; 

(ii) 
 the Related Assets with respect to the Loan Assets referred to in clause (i) above; 

(iii) 
 the Controlled Accounts and all Permitted Investments purchased with funds on deposit in the Controlled Accounts; 

(iv) 
 all of the Borrower s ownership interests in each Securitization Subsidiary; 

(v) 
 the Assigned Documents; 

(vi) 
 each Purchase and Sale Agreement; and 

(vii) 
 all income and Proceeds of the foregoing. 

The Collateral Portfolio 
shall not include any Non-Levered Loan Asset, the Contribution Account or the funds on deposit therein. 

17 

Collection
Account means, collectively, (i) a trust account (account
number 82612100 at the Account Bank) entitled Collection Account, in the name of the Borrower subject to the lien and control
of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and each subaccount that may be established from time to time, including
the Interest Collection Subaccount and the Principal Collection Subaccount and (ii) each trust account at the Account Bank in the name
of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the applicable Securitization Subsidiary and under the sole dominion and control of the Collateral
Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties (it being understood, however, that the Servicer shall be able to request distributions
and releases therefrom in accordance herewith); provided that the funds deposited therein (including any interest and earnings
thereon) from time to time shall constitute the property and assets of the Borrower or the applicable Securitization Subsidiary, and
the Borrower or the applicable Securitization Subsidiary shall be solely liable for any Taxes payable with respect to the Collection
Account. 

Collection
Date means the date on which the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Advances Outstanding have been repaid
in full and all Yield and Fees and all other Obligations (other than unmatured contingent obligations, for which no claim has been made)
have been paid in full, and the Borrower shall have no further right to request any additional Advances. 

Commitment 
means, with respect to each Lender, (i) during the Revolving Period, the amount set forth opposite such Lender's name on Annex
A hereto (as such amount may be revised from time to time) or the amount set forth as such Lender's Commitment on the
Assignment and Acceptance relating to such Lender, as applicable, and (ii) during the Amortization Period, such Lender's Pro Rata Share
of the aggregate Advances Outstanding, in each case, as such amount may be increased or reduced pursuant to Section 2.16 . 

Commitment Termination
Date means the earliest to occur of (a) April 12, 2024 and (b) the Facility Maturity Date. 

Compounded
SOFR means the compounded average of SOFRs for the applicable Corresponding Tenor, with the rate, or methodology
for this rate, and conventions for this rate (which, for example, may be compounded in arrears with a lookback and/or suspension period
as a mechanism to determine the interest amount payable prior to the end of each Remittance Period or compounded in advance) being established
by the Administrative Agent in accordance with: 

(1) the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate selected or recommended
by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining compounded SOFR; provided that: 

(2) if, and to the extent that, the Administrative Agent determines that Compounded SOFR cannot be
determined in accordance with clause (1) above, then the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate that have been
selected by the Administrative Agent giving due consideration to any industry-accepted market practice for similar U.S. dollar denominated
secured financing or securitization transactions relating to the relevant asset class, as applicable at such time. 

18 

Concentration Denominator 
means the higher of (a) the Target Portfolio Amount and (b) an amount equal to the sum of the Adjusted Borrowing Values of all Eligible
Loan Assets included as part of the Collateral on such date. 

Concentration Limitations 
means, as of any date of determination, for the purposes of determining the Excess Concentration Amount and after giving effect to all
additions and removals of Eligible Loan Assets on such date: 

(a) 
 not more than 4.0 of the Concentration Denominator may consist of Eligible Loan Assets that are issued by a single Obligor and
its Affiliates, except that: 

(i) 
 up to 7.5 of the Concentration Denominator may consist of Eligible Loan Assets issued by each of the two (2) largest Obligors
and their Affiliates provided that such Eligible Loan Assets are First Lien Loans or Unitranche Loans); and 

(ii) 
 up to 5.0 of the Concentration Denominator may consist of Eligible Loan Assets issued by each of the next five (5) largest Obligors
and their respective Affiliates; 

(b) 
 not more than 12.0 of the Concentration Denominator may consist of Eligible Loan Assets that are issued by Obligors that belong
to any single Industry Classification, except that: 

(i) 
 up to 30.0 20.0 
of the Concentration Denominator may consist of Eligible Loan Assets issued by Obligors that belong to the largest Industry Classification;
 provided that, if the largest Industry Classification is the Software 
Industry Classification, up to 35 of the Concentration Denominator may consist of Eligible Loan Assets that belong to such Industry Classification; 

(ii) 
 up to 25.0 17.5 
of the Concentration Denominator may consist of Eligible Loan Assets issued by Obligors that belong to the second largest Industry Classification;
 and 

(iii) 
 up to 15.0 of the Concentration Denominator may consist of Eligible Loan Assets issued by Obligors that belong to the third largest
Industry Classification; and 

(iv) 
 Eligible Loan Assets issued by Obligors that belong to: (a) Airlines ,
(b) Oil, Gas Consumable Fuels and (c) Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure may constitute up to 5.0 of the
Concentration Denominator per Industry Classification and 10.0 of the Concentration Denominator in the aggregate; 

(c) 
 not more than 5.0 of the Concentration Denominator may consist of Eligible Loan Assets that are Delayed Draw Loan Assets; 

(d) not
more than 20.0 15.0 
of the Concentration Denominator may consist of Eligible Loan Assets that are Cov-Lite Loan Assets that are (i) issued by an Obligor
that has a most recently reported EBITDA as of the Cut-Off Date of greater than the lesser of 40,000,000 and an amount to be
determined by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion and reflected in the related Approval Notice on an asset-by-asset
basis and (ii) not Broadly Syndicated Loans; 

19 

(e) 
 not more than 45.0 of the Concentration Denominator may consist of Eligible Loan Assets with a Total Leverage Ratio of greater
than 6.50:1.00 as of the Cut-Off Date; 

(f) 
 not more than 20.0 of the Concentration Denominator may consist of Eligible Loan Assets that are Recurring Revenue Loans; 

(g) 
 not more than 5.0 10.0 
of the Concentration Denominator may consist of Eligible Loan Assets that are PIK Loan Assets , including
Eligible Loan Assets which become PIK Loan Assets as the result of a Material Modification (provided that such percentage
limitation shall not include any Eligible Loan Asset that has become a PIK Loan Asset during after 
the Specified Period, except to the extent such Loan Asset constitutes a PIK Loan Asset during an interest
accrual period (as such term or any comparable term is defined in the related Underlying Instruments), that commences following
the Specified Period Cut-Off Date ); 

(h) 
 not more than 25.0 40.0 
of the Concentration Denominator may consist of Eligible Loan Assets that are denominated in an Eligible Currency other than Dollars;
and 

(i) 
 not more than 25.0 40.0 
of the Concentration Denominator may consist of Eligible Loan Assets that are domiciled in an Eligible Country other than the United States,
except that: 

(i) 
 Eligible Loan Assets that are domiciled in Canada or the United Kingdom in
the aggregate may constitute up to 25.0 40.0 
of the Concentration Denominator; and 

(ii) 
 Eligible Loan Assets that are domiciled in an Eligible Country other than the United States, Canada or the United Kingdom may
constitute up to 15.0 24.0 
of the Concentration Denominator; and 

(j) 
 not more than 10.0 of the Concentration Denominator may consist of Eligible Loan Assets that are FLLO Loans or Second Lien Loans; 

(k) 
 not more than 5.0 of the Concentration Denominator may consist of Eligible Loan Assets that are fixed rate Loan Assets; and 

(l) 
 not more than 15 of the Concentration Denominator may consist of Eligible Loan Assets other than Recurring Revenue Loans that
are issued by an Obligor that has a most recently reported EBITDA as of the Cut-Off Date of less than 10,000,000. 

Connection Income
Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise
Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 

20 

Constituent
Documents means in respect of any Person, the certificate or articles of formation or organization, the limited liability
company agreement, operating agreement, partnership agreement, joint venture agreement or other applicable agreement of formation or
organization (or equivalent or comparable constituent documents) and other organizational documents and by-laws and any certificate
of incorporation, certificate of formation, certificate of limited partnership and other agreement, similar instrument filed or made
in connection with its formation or organization, in each case, as the same may be amended, modified, supplemented, restated or
replaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, the Constituent Documents 
of the Borrower include, the Borrower Consent, the Borrower Certificate of Formation and the Borrower LLC Agreement. 

Contribution Account 
means a trust account (account number 82612108 at the Account Bank) in the name of the Borrower (which account may have subaccounts to
receive collections in currencies other than Dollars). 

Control
Agreement means (i) that certain Securities Account Control Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Borrower,
the Account Bank and the Collateral Agent, which agreement relates to the Controlled Accounts and the Contribution Account and (ii) each
Securities Account Control Agreement among the applicable Securitization Subsidiary, the Account Bank and the Collateral Agent. 

Controlled
Accounts means the Collection Account, each Eligible Currency Account and the Unfunded Exposure Account. 

Corresponding
Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest
payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 

Cov-Lite Loan Asset 
means a Loan Asset that is not subject to any Maintenance Covenants; provided that a Loan Asset shall not constitute a Cov-Lite
Loan Asset if the Underlying Instruments contain a cross-default or cross-acceleration provision to, or such Loan Asset is pari passu 
with another loan of the Obligor that requires the Obligor to comply with one or more Maintenance Covenants. 

Currency
Disruption Event means the occurrence of any of the following with respect to any Eligible Currency: (a) any Lender
shall have notified the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Servicer and the Borrower of a determination by such Lender that
it would be contrary to law or to the directive of any central bank or other Governmental Authority (whether or not having the force
of law) to obtain such Eligible Currency in the applicable market to fund any Advance, (b) any Lender shall have notified the Administrative
Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Servicer and the Borrower of a determination by such Lender that the rate at which such Eligible Currency
is being offered to such Lender in the applicable market (i) does not accurately reflect the cost to such Lender of making, funding or
maintaining any Advance or (ii) has been permanently discontinued or for which adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining
such rate or (c) any Lender shall have notified the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Servicer and the Borrower of the
inability of such Lender, as applicable, to obtain such Eligible Currency or such other rate in the applicable market to make, fund or
maintain any Advance. 

21 

Cut-Off
Date means, (a) (i) with respect to each Closing Date Asset, the Closing Date and (ii) with respect to each Loan Asset
that is not a Closing Date Asset, the date such Loan Asset is committed to be acquired by the Borrower and (b) solely for purposes of
determining the new Assigned Value or Advance Rate, Material Modification, First Lien Loan, Value Adjustment Event in respect of an asset
for which the Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf) has requested that the Administrative Agent reset the Advance Rate or a new Assigned
Value in connection with a Redetermination Request, the Reset Cut-Off Date. 

Daily
Non-Cumulative Compounded RFR Rate means, in relation to any RFR Banking Day during a Remittance Period for GBP Advances, the percentage
rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the methodology set out in Schedule IX. 

Daily
Rate means, for any RFR Banking Day: 

(a) SONIA
for that RFR Banking Day; or 

(b) if
SONIA is not available for that RFR Banking Day, the percentage rate per annum which is the aggregate of: 

(i) the
Central Bank Rate for that RFR Banking Day; and 

(ii) the
applicable Central Bank Rate Adjustment; or 

(c) if
paragraph (b) above applies but the Central Bank Rate for that RFR Banking Day is not available, the percentage rate per annum which is
the aggregate of: 

(i) the
most recent Central Bank Rate for a day which is no more than five (5) RFR Banking Days before that RFR Banking Day; and 

(ii) the
applicable Central Bank Rate Adjustment, 

rounded,
in either case, to four decimal places and if, in either case, that rate is less than zero, the Daily Rate shall be deemed to be zero. 

Daily
Simple SOFR means, for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which may include a lookback) being established
by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body
for determining Daily Simple SOFR for business loans at such times; provided that, if the Administrative Agent decides
that any such convention is not administratively feasible, then the Administrative Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable
discretion. 

22 

Debt-to-Recurring-Revenue
Ratio means, with respect to any Loan Asset that is a Recurring Revenue Loan for any period, the meaning of
 Debt-to-Recurring Revenue Ratio or any comparable definition in the Underlying Instruments for each Loan Asset, and in
any case that Debt-to-Recurring Revenue Ratio or such comparable definition is not defined in such Underlying
Instruments, the ratio of (a) Indebtedness of the related Obligor less Unrestricted Cash, to (b) Recurring Revenue, as
calculated by the Servicer in accordance with the Servicing Standard using information from and calculations consistent with the
relevant compliance statements and financial reporting packages provided by the relevant Obligor as per the requirements of the
related Underlying Instruments; provided that, in the event of a lack of any such information necessary to calculate the
Debt-to-Recurring Revenue Ratio, the Debt-to-Recurring Revenue Ratio shall be a ratio calculated by the Administrative Agent in its
sole discretion after consultation with the Servicer. 

Defaulted Loan 
means any Loan Asset as to which any one of the following events has occurred: 

(a) 
 (i) an Obligor payment default, other than in respect of expenses, occurs under such Loan Asset that continues and has not been
cured after giving effect to any grace period applicable thereto or (ii) a default has occurred under the Underlying Instruments and any
applicable grace period has expired and the holders of such Loan Asset have accelerated the repayment of the Loan Asset (but only until
such acceleration has been rescinded) in the manner provided in the Underlying Instruments, but in no event more than five (5) Business
Days, after the applicable due date under the related Underlying Instruments; 

(b) 
 a Bankruptcy Event with respect to the related Obligor; 

(c) 
 any payment default, other than in respect of expenses, occurs under any other senior or pari passu obligation for borrowed
money of the related Obligor that continues and has not been cured after giving effect to any grace period applicable thereto, but in
no event more than five (5) Business Days, after the applicable due date under the related agreement (including in respect of the acceleration
of the debt under the applicable agreement); 

(d) 
 such Loan Asset has (x) a rating by S P of CC or below or SD or (y) a Moody's probability of default
rating (as published by Moody's) of D or LD or, in each case, had such ratings before they were withdrawn by S P
or Moody's, as applicable; 

(e) 
 a Responsible Officer of the Servicer or any Loan Party has actual knowledge that such Loan Asset is pari passu or junior
in right of payment as to the payment of principal and/or interest to another debt obligation of the same Obligor which has (i) a rating
by S P of CC or below or SD or (ii) a Moody's probability of default rating (as published by Moody's) of D 
or LD, and in each case such other debt obligation remains outstanding provided that both the Loan Asset and such
other debt obligation are full recourse obligations of the applicable Obligor); or 

(f) 
 the Servicer determines that all or a material portion of such Loan Asset is uncollectible or otherwise places it on non-accrual
status in accordance with the policies and procedures of the Servicer and the Servicing Standard. 

23 

Defaulting
Lender means any Lender that: (i) has failed to fund any of its obligations to made Advances within two (2) Business Days
following the applicable Advance Date, (ii) has notified the Administrative Agent or the Borrower that it does not intend to comply
with such funding obligations or has made a public statement to that effect with respect to such funding obligations hereunder or
under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (iii) has, for two (2) or more Business Days, failed, in good faith, to
confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent, in response to a written request of the Administrative Agent, that it will comply
with its funding obligations hereunder or (iv) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, become subject to a
Bankruptcy Event. 

Delayed
Draw Loan Asset means a Loan Asset that (a) requires the Borrower to make one or more future advances to the Obligor
pursuant to the related Underlying Instruments, (b) specifies a maximum amount that can be borrowed on one or more fixed borrowing dates
and (c) does not permit the re-borrowing of any amounts previously repaid by the Obligor; but any such Loan Asset will be a Delayed Draw
Loan Asset to the extent of such commitments and only until all commitments by the Borrower to make advances to the Obligor expire or
are terminated or are reduced to zero. 

Determination
Date means, with respect to each Payment Date, the 10th Business Day preceding such Payment Date. 

DIP Loan 
means any Loan Asset (a) with respect to which the related Obligor is a debtor-in-possession as defined under the Bankruptcy Code, (b)
which has the priority allowed pursuant to Section 364 of the Bankruptcy Code and (c) the terms of which have been approved by a court
of competent jurisdiction. 

Disbursement
Request means a disbursement request from the Borrower to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit C in connection with a disbursement
request from the Unfunded Exposure Account in accordance with Section 2.04(d)
 or a disbursement request from the Principal Collection Subaccount in accordance with Section
2.18 , as applicable. 

Discretionary Sale 
has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 2.07(b) . 

Disqualified Institution 
means any financial institution, fund or Person that, in each case is primarily engaged in the business of originating or acquiring middle
market loans (including with respect to acting in an advisory or management capacity with respect to any fund that originates or acquires
middle market loans). 

Diversity Score 
means, as of any day, a single number that indicates collateral concentration in terms of both issuer and industry concentration, calculated
as set forth in Schedule VI hereto, as such Schedule VI may be updated at the option of the Administrative Agent in its
sole discretion. 

DKK 
mean lawful currency of Denmark. 

DKK
Advance means an Advance denominated in DKK. 

Dollar Advance 
means an Advance denominated in Dollars. 

24 

Dollar
Equivalent means, (a) for any amount denominated in Dollars, such amount and (b) for any amount denominated in any other
currency, (i) with respect to any amount relating to an Advance or other amounts due under this Agreement, the equivalent amount
thereof in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent at such time on the basis of the current spot rate determined by the
Administrative Agent in a commercially reasonable manner using the lower of (A) the current spot rate (B) the spot rate as of the
date of the applicable Advance and (ii) with respect to any amount relating to any Loan Asset, the equivalent amount thereof in
Dollars determined by the Servicer using the Spot Rate. 

Dollars 
means, and the conventional signifies, the lawful currency of the United States of America. 

Early Opt-in Election 
means, with respect to any Dollar Advance, if the then-current Benchmark is LIBOR (Dollar), the occurrence of the joint election by the
Administrative Agent and the Borrower to trigger a fallback from LIBOR (Dollar) and the provision by the Administrative Agent of written
notice of such election to other parties hereto. 

EBITDA 
means, with respect to any period and any Loan Asset other than a Recurring Revenue Loan, the meaning of EBITDA, Adjusted
EBITDA or any comparable term in the Underlying Instruments for such Loan Asset (together will all add-backs and exclusions as
designated in such Underlying Instruments), and in any case that EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA or such comparable term
is not defined in such Underlying Instruments, an amount, for the principal Obligor on such Loan Asset and any of its parents or Subsidiaries
that are obligated pursuant to the Underlying Instruments for such Loan Asset (determined on a consolidated basis without duplication
in accordance with GAAP) equal to net income from continuing operations for such period plus (a) cash interest expense, (b) income
taxes, (c) depreciation and amortization for such period (to the extent deducted in determining earnings from continuing operations for
such period), (d) amortization of intangibles (including, but not limited to, goodwill, financing fees and other capitalized costs),
to the extent not otherwise included in clause (c) above, other non-cash charges and organization costs, (e) extraordinary losses
in accordance with GAAP, and (f) any other item the Borrower and the Administrative Agent mutually deem to be appropriate. 

25 

Effective
Advance Rate means, as of any date of determination, (a) the aggregate principal amount of all Advances Outstanding on such date
divided by (b) the sum of (i) the Aggregate Adjusted Borrowing Value on such date plus (ii) the amount of Principal Collections on deposit
in the Principal Collection Account on such date minus (iii) the Aggregate Unfunded Exposure Amount on such date plus (iv) the amount
on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account on such date. 

Eighth Amendment
Effective Date April 13, 2021. 

Eligibility Criteria 
means the criteria set forth in Schedule II hereto. 

Eligible
Country is defined on Schedule II hereto. 

Eligible Currency 
means GBPs, CADs, Euros, AUDs , SEKs, NOKs, DKKs, CHFs and Dollars. 

Eligible
Currency Accounts means the segregated trust accounts designated as [CURRENCY] Eligible Currency Account in
the name of the Borrower subject to the Lien of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, including any sub
account thereof; provided that the funds deposited therein (including any interest and earnings thereon) from time to time
shall constitute the property and assets of the Borrower, and the Borrower shall be solely liable for any Taxes payable with respect
to each Eligible Currency Account. For the avoidance of doubt, there shall be one Eligible Currency Account (which may include
subaccounts, including a principal collection and interest collection subaccount) for each Eligible Currency other than Dollars. 

Eligible
Loan Asset means, as of any date of determination, a Loan Asset in respect of which each of the applicable criteria
contained in Section 4.02 and Schedule
II hereto is true and correct as of such date. In no event shall a Non-Levered Loan Asset be an Eligible Loan Asset hereunder. 

Environmental
Laws means any and all laws, rules, orders, regulations, statutes, ordinances, guidelines, codes, decrees, or other
legally binding requirements (including, without limitation, principles of common law) of any Governmental Authority, regulating, relating
to or imposing liability or standards of conduct concerning pollution, the preservation or protection of the environment, natural resources
or human health (including employee health and safety), or the generation, manufacture, use, labeling, treatment, storage, handling,
transportation or release of, or exposure to, Materials of Environmental Concern, as has been, is now, or may at any time hereafter be,
in effect. 

Equity
Cure Notice has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(c) . 

26 

Equity Interests 
means, with respect to any Person, its equity ownership interests, its common stock and any other capital stock or other equity ownership
units of such Person authorized from time to time, and any other shares, options, interests, participations or other equivalents (however
designated) of or in such Person, whether voting or nonvoting, including common stock, options, warrants, preferred stock, phantom stock,
membership units (common or preferred), stock appreciation rights, membership unit appreciation rights, convertible notes or debentures,
stock purchase rights, membership unit purchase rights and all securities convertible, exercisable or exchangeable, in whole or in part,
into any one or more of the foregoing. 

Equity
Security means (a) any equity security or any other security that is not eligible for purchase by a Loan Party as an
Eligible Loan Asset and (b) any security purchased as part of a unit with an Eligible Loan Asset and that itself is not eligible
for purchase by a Loan Party as an Eligible Loan Asset. 

ERISA 
means the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time. 

ERISA
Affiliate means (a) any corporation that is a member of the same controlled group of corporations (within the meaning
of Section 414(b) of the Code) as the relevant Person, (b) a trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control (within
the meaning of Section 414(c) of the Code) with that Person, or (c) solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the
Code, a member of the same affiliated service group (within the meaning of Section 414(m) of the Code) as, or that otherwise is aggregated
under Section 414(o) of the Code with, that Person, any corporation described in clause
(a) above or any trade or business described in clause (b) 
above. 

ERISA Event 
means (a) with respect to a Pension Plan, any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder,
other than events for which the thirty (30) day notice period has been waived; (b) a withdrawal by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates
from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section
4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation of operations that is treated as a termination under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) the failure to
satisfy the minimum funding standards (within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived,
with respect to a Pension Plan; (d) the failure to make any required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan; (e) the incurrence by the Borrower
or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to a complete or partial withdrawal by the Borrower
or any of its ERISA Affiliates from a Multiemployer Plan, written notification of the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates concerning
the imposition of any withdrawal liability, as such term is defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA, as a result of a complete
or partial withdrawal from a Multiemployer Plan or written notification that a Multiemployer Plan is insolvent or is in reorganization
within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA or in endangered or critical status (within the meaning of Section 432
of the Code or Section 305 of ERISA); (f) an event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination
of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (g) the filing under Section 4041(c) of ERISA
of a notice of intent to terminate a Pension Plan, the treatment of a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan amendment as a termination under
Section 4041 or Section 4041A of ERISA, or the receipt by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates from the PBGC of any notice relating
to the intention to terminate a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (h) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect
to the termination of any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan, other than for the payment of plan contributions or PBGC premiums due but
not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates; or (i) the occurrence of a non-exempt prohibited
transaction (within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) which could result in liability to the Borrower or
any of its ERISA Affiliates. 

27 

EURIBOR 
means, for any day during a Remittance Period, with respect to any Euro Advance (or portion thereof), the rate per annum (carried out
to the fifth decimal place) equal to the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the offered rate that appears on the page
of the Reuters Screen (or any applicable successor page) at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, on such day that displays an average
European Money Markets Institute Settlement Rate (such page currently being EURIBOR01) for deposits in Euros with a term equivalent to
one month; provided that if such rate is not available at any such time for any reason, then EURIBOR with respect
to any Advance shall be the rate at which Euro deposits of 5,000,000 and for a one-month maturity are offered by the principal
London office of the Administrative Agent or the principal London office of any bank reasonably selected by the Administrative Agent
in immediately available funds in the Euro-zone interbank market at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, on the applicable day (or,
if such day is not a Business Day, on the immediately preceding Business Day); provided , further , that, in the event that
the rate as so determined above shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. EURIBOR
shall always be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

Euro 
means the lawful currency of the Member States of the European Union that have adopted and retain the single currency in accordance with
the treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from time to time; provided that, if any member state or states ceases
to have such single currency as its lawful currency (such member state(s) being the Exiting State(s) ), such term
shall mean the single currency adopted and retained as the lawful currency of the remaining member states and shall not include any successor
currency introduced by the Exiting State(s). 

Euro Advance 
means an Advance denominated in Euro. 

Event
of Default has the meaning assigned to that term in Section
7.01 . 

Excepted
Persons has the meaning assigned to that term in Section
12.12(a) . 

Excess Concentration
Amount means, as of any date of determination, with respect to all Loan Assets included in the Collateral, the amount by which
the sum of the Adjusted Borrowing Values of such Loan Assets exceeds any applicable Concentration Limitations, to be calculated without
duplication, after giving effect to any sales, purchases or substitutions of Loan Assets as of such date; provided that with respect
to any Loan Asset or portion thereof, if more than one Concentration Limitation would be exceeded, the Concentration Limitation that would
result in the highest Excess Concentration Amount shall be used to determine the Excess Concentration Amount. 

Exchange
Act means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

28 

Existing Golub BDC
CLO means (i) each of the CLOs approved by the Administrative Agent and identified on Schedule VII (as such Schedule
VII may be updated from time to time by the Borrower), (ii) any existing and future special purpose vehicle borrower under a credit
facility or total return swap undertaken by Golub Capital BDC, Inc. or an Affiliate thereof or (iii) any future special purpose vehicle
(which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall include any future CLO) that is a wholly or partly owned subsidiary of Golub Capital BDC, Inc.
or an Affiliate thereof. 

Excluded
Amounts means (a) any amount received in the Collection Account with respect to any Loan Asset included as part of the
Collateral, which amount is attributable to the payment of any Tax, fee or other charge imposed by any Governmental Authority on such
Loan Asset or on any Related Collateral and (b) any amount received in the Collection Account or other Controlled Account representing
(i) a reimbursement of insurance premiums, (ii) any escrows relating to Taxes, insurance and other amounts in connection with Loan Assets
which are held in an escrow account for the benefit of the Obligor and the secured party pursuant to escrow arrangements under the Underlying
Instruments, (iii) amounts received in the Collection Account with respect to any Loan Asset retransferred or substituted for upon the
occurrence of a Warranty Breach Event or that is otherwise replaced by a Substitute Eligible Loan Asset, or that is otherwise sold or
transferred by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.07 , to the extent
such amount is attributable to a time after the effective date of such replacement or sale, (iv) any interest accruing on a Loan Asset
prior to the related Cut-Off Date that was not purchased by the Borrower and is for the account of the Person from whom the Borrower
purchased such Loan Asset, and (v) amounts deposited into the Collection Account in error. 

Excluded Taxes 
means (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by the Recipient's net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes imposed on the Recipient,
and branch profits Taxes imposed on the Recipient, in each case, (i) by the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under
the laws of which such Recipient is organized or in which its principal office is located or, in the case of any Lender, in which its
applicable lending office is located or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of any Lender, U.S. federal withholding
Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender
becomes a party hereto or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section
2.11 , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender's assignor immediately before such Lender became a party
hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient's failure to comply
with Section 2.11(g) , and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 

FATCA means
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any amended or successor versions of Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code that are substantively
comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), as of the date of this Agreement, and any current or future regulations or
official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code (or any amended or successor version
described above). 

Facility Amount 
means the aggregate Commitments as then in effect, which on the Eighth Amendment Effective Date shall be 75,000,000, as such amount may
be increased pursuant to Section 2.21 or reduced pursuant to Section 2.16(b) ; provided that, at all times (a) when
an Event of Default exists and is continuing and (b) during the Amortization Period, the Facility Amount shall mean the aggregate Advances
Outstanding at such time. 

29 

Facility Maturity
Date means the earliest of (a) the Business Day designated by the Borrower to the Lender pursuant to Section 2.16(b) 
to terminate this Agreement, (b) the Stated Maturity or (c) the date on which the Facility Maturity Date is declared (or is deemed to
have occurred automatically) pursuant to Section 7.01 . 

Fees 
means (a) the Unused Fee and (b) the fees payable to each Lender pursuant to the terms of any Lender Fee Letter. 

Financial
Asset has the meaning specified in Section 8-102(a)(9) of the UCC. 

Financial
Covenant Test means a test that will not be satisfied if as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, Golub Capital BDC,
Inc. fails to maintain GAAP net assets (as reflected in its 10Q or 10K without any deductions) in an amount at least equal to 250,000,000,
as increased by 50 of the net proceeds of any equity offerings by Golub Capital BDC, Inc. consummated after the Closing Date (excluding,
for the avoidance of doubt, any net proceeds of any equity offerings by Golub Capital BDC, Inc. in connection with any merger consummated
in accordance with Section 5.04(a) ). 

Financial Sponsor 
means any Person, including any subsidiary of such Person, whose principal business activity is acquiring, holding and selling investments
(including controlling interests) in otherwise unrelated companies that each are distinct legal entities with separate management, books
and records and bank accounts, whose operations are not integrated with one another and whose financial condition and creditworthiness
are independent of the other companies so owned by such Person. 

First
Lien Loan means any Loan Asset (a) that is secured by a valid and perfected first priority Lien on substantially all
of the Obligor's assets constituting Related Collateral, subject to any expressly permitted Liens under the Underlying Instrument for
such Loan Asset or such comparable definition if permitted liens is not defined therein, (b) that provides that the payment
obligation of the Obligor on such Loan Asset is either senior to, or pari passu with, and is not (and cannot by its terms become)
subordinate in right of payment to all other Indebtedness of such Obligor (other than customary super priority facilities),
(c) for which Liens on the Related Collateral securing any other outstanding Indebtedness of the Obligor (excluding expressly permitted
Liens described in clause (a) above but including Liens securing second lien loans) is expressly subject to and contractually
or structurally subordinate to the priority Liens securing such First Lien Loan, (d) that the Servicer determines in accordance with
the Servicing Standard that the value of the Related Collateral (or the enterprise value) and ability to generate cash flow on or about
the time of origination equals or exceeds the Outstanding Balance of the Loan Asset plus the aggregate outstanding balances of all other
Indebtedness of equal seniority secured by the same Related Collateral, (e) for which the Senior Leverage Ratio as of the Cut-Off Date
is less than 4.50:1.00, and (f) that is not a Second Lien Loan, Unitranche Loan (other than a Unitranche Loan described in the proviso
of the definition thereof) or FLLO Loan. 

30 

FLLO
Loan means any Loan Asset that would constitute a First Lien Loan (without regard to clause (f) of the definition thereof)
except that, at any time prior to and/or after an event of default under the Underlying Instrument, such Loan Asset will be paid after
one or more tranches of first lien loans issued by the Obligor have been paid in full in accordance with a specified waterfall or other
priority of payments as specified in the Underlying Instrument, an agreement among lenders or other applicable agreement ;
provided that, if the ratio of the Outstanding Balance of the first out portion to the EBITDA of the Obligor is less than
or equal to 1.00:1.00, such Loan Asset shall be designated as a First Lien Loan unless the Administrative Agent objects to such designation
in its sole discretion and provides written notice thereof to the Servicer in the related Approval Notice . 

Floor 
means, for any transaction under this Agreement, the benchmark rate floor (which may be zero), if any, provided for in this Agreement
with respect to LIBOR (Dollar) as determined for such transaction. 

Foreign Plan 
means any employee benefit plan, program, policy, arrangement or agreement maintained or contributed to or by, or entered into with, the
Borrower with respect to employees outside the United States. 

Funding Business
Day means a day of the year other than (a) Saturday and Sunday and (b) any other day on which commercial banks in
New York, New York or the city in which the offices of Collateral Agent are located are authorized or required by applicable law,
regulation or executive order to close. 

GAAP 
means generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time in the United States. 

GBP means
the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 

GBP Advance 
means an Advance denominated in GBP. 

Governmental
Authority means, with respect to any Person, any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof,
any central bank (or similar monetary or regulatory authority) thereof, any body or entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial,
taxing, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government and any court or arbitrator having jurisdiction over such
Person. 

Governmental
Plan has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 4.01(x) . 

Grant or
 Granted means to grant, bargain, sell, convey, assign, transfer, mortgage, pledge, create and grant a security interest
in and right of setoff against, deposit, set over and confirm. A Grant of the Collateral, or of any other instrument, shall include all
rights, powers and options (but none of the obligations) of the granting party thereunder, including (solely after the occurrence and
continuance of an Event of Default), the immediate continuing right to claim for, collect, receive and receipt for principal and interest
payments in respect of the Collateral, and all other monies payable thereunder, to give and receive notices and other communications,
to make waivers or other agreements, to exercise all rights and options, to bring proceedings in the name of the granting party or otherwise,
and generally to do and receive anything that the granting party is or may be entitled to do or receive thereunder or with respect thereto. 

31 

Increased
Amount Date has the meaning assigned to that term in Section
2.21 . 

Increased Costs 
means any amounts required to be paid by the Borrower to an Affected Party pursuant to Section 2.10 . 

Increasing
Lender has the meaning assigned to that term in Section
2.21 . 

Indebtedness 
means: 

(a) with
respect to any Obligor under any Loan Asset, without duplication, (i) all obligations of such entity for borrowed money or with
respect to deposits or advances of any kind, (ii) all obligations of such entity evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar
instruments, (iii) all obligations of such entity under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property
acquired by such entity, (iv) all obligations of such entity in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services
(excluding current accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (v) all indebtedness of others secured by (or for
which the holder of such indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property owned
or acquired by such entity, whether or not the indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed, (vi) all guarantees by such entity of
indebtedness of others, (vii) all Capital Lease Obligations of such entity, (viii) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such
entity as an account party in respect of letters of credit and letters of guaranty and (ix) all obligations, contingent or
otherwise, of such entity in respect of bankers' acceptances, in each case, excluding (to the extent not included in the definition
of Indebtedness in the Underlying Instruments or included in the calculation of Senior Leverage Ratio or Total
Leverage Ratio) (a) letters of credit, to the extent undrawn or otherwise cash collateralized, bankers acceptances and surety
bonds, whether or not matured (unless such indebtedness constitutes drawn and unreimbursed amounts), (b) the principal balance
(including capitalized interest if applicable) of holdco notes, seller notes and convertible notes that constitute subordinated
indebtedness, (c) earn-outs and similar deferred purchase price, but only so long as such earn-outs and similar deferred purchase
price remain contingent in nature or, if no longer contingent in nature, does not remain past due for more than ten (10) Business
Days following the due date therefor, (d) working capital and similar purchase price adjustments in connection with acquisitions not
prohibited hereunder, (e) royalty payments made in the ordinary course of business in respect of licenses (to the extent such
licenses are otherwise permitted), (f) accruals for payroll and other non-interest bearing liabilities incurred in the ordinary
course of business, (g) deferred rent obligations, (h) all indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other title
retention agreement with respect to property acquired by such Person (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or lender
under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property), (i) all obligations of such
Person under commodity purchase or option agreements or other commodity price hedging arrangements, in each case whether contingent
or matured, (j) all obligations of such Person under any foreign exchange contract, currency swap agreement, interest rate swap, cap
or collar agreement or other similar agreement or arrangement designed to alter the risks of that Person arising from fluctuations
in currency values or interest rates, in each case whether contingent or matured, and (k) all obligations of such Person to
purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise make any payment in respect of any disqualified stock in such Person or any other
Person, valued, in the case of redeemable preferred interests, at the greater of its voluntary or involuntary liquidation preference
plus accrued and unpaid dividends; and 

32 

(b) 
 for all other purposes, with respect to any Person at any date, (i) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money or with respect
to deposits or advances of any kind, (ii) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments,
(iii) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property acquired by such
Person, (iv) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding current accounts
payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (v) all indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the holder of such indebtedness
has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not
the indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed, (vi) all guarantees by such Person of indebtedness of others, (vii) all Capital Lease
Obligations of such Person, (viii) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person as an account party in respect of letters
of credit and letters of guaranty and (ix) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers' acceptances ,
but expressly excluding any obligation of such Person to fund any Loan Asset constituting a Delayed Draw Loan Asset . 

Indemnified
Amounts has the meaning assigned to that term in Section
8.01 . 

Indemnified
Party has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 8.01 . 

Indemnified
Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of
any obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a) , Other Taxes. 

Indemnifying
Party has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 8.04 . 

Independent
Manager means a natural person who, (a) for the five (5)-year period prior to his or her appointment as Independent
Manager, has not been, and during the continuation of his or her service as Independent Manager is not: (i) an employee, director, stockholder,
member, manager, partner or officer of a Loan Party or any of its respective Affiliates (other than his or her service as an Independent
Manager of such Loan Party or other Affiliates that are structured to be bankruptcy remote (ii) a customer or supplier
of a Loan Party or any of its Affiliates (other than his or her service as an Independent Manager of such Loan Party or other Affiliates
that are structured to be bankruptcy remote or (iii) any member of the immediate family of a person described in (i) or
(ii), and (b) has prior experience as an Independent Manager for a corporation or limited liability company whose charter documents required
the unanimous consent of all Independent Managers thereof before such corporation or limited liability company could consent to the institution
of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against it or could file a petition seeking relief under any applicable federal or state law
relating to bankruptcy. 

Index means
the S P/LSTA U.S. Leveraged Loan 100 Index, any successor index thereto or any comparable nationally recognized U.S. leveraged loan
index. 

33 

Indorsement 
has the meaning specified in Section 8-102(a)(11) of the UCC, and Indorsed 
has a corresponding meaning. 

Industry Classification 
means any of the industry categories set forth in Schedule V hereto, including any modifications that may be made thereto or additional
categories that may be subsequently established by reference to the September 30, 2018 S P Dow Jones Indices and MSCI Inc. Global
Industry Classification Standard; provided that the Administrative Agent has provided its prior written consent to any such modification
or additional category. 

Initial
Advance means the first Advance made pursuant to Article
II . 

Instrument 
has the meaning specified in Section 9-102(a)(47) of the UCC. 

Insurance
Policy means, with respect to any Loan Asset, an insurance policy covering liability and physical damage to, or loss
of, the Related Collateral. 

Interest
Collection Subaccount means, collectively, (i) a sub-account (account number 82612101 at the Account Bank) of the Collection
Account entitled Interest Collection Subaccount, into which Interest Collections shall be segregated and (ii) each sub-account
of the Collection Account of each Securitization Subsidiary into which Interest Collections shall be segregated. 

Interest
Collections means, with respect to any date of determination, without duplication, the sum of: 

(a) all
payments of interest and delayed compensation (representing compensation for delayed settlement) received in cash by a Loan Party during
the related Remittance Period on the Loan Assets, including the accrued interest received in connection with a sale thereof during the
related Remittance Period; 

(b) all
principal and interest payments received by a Loan Party during the related Remittance Period on Permitted Investments purchased with
Interest Collections; 

(c) all
fees received by a Loan Party during the related Remittance Period; and 

(d) any
equity contributions classified as Interest Collections by the contributing equityholder. 

Investment Criteria 
means with respect to each Loan Asset acquired by the Borrower, compliance with each of the requirements set forth below: 

(a) no
Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default is continuing; 

(b) such
Loan Asset is an Eligible Loan Asset; 

(c) there
is no uncured Borrowing Base Deficiency (unless a Loan Asset is being acquired in connection with the cure of any Borrowing Base Deficiency);
and 

34 

(d) the
Weighted Average Life Test is satisfied or, if not satisfied, would be maintained or improved; 

provided that the acquisition
of Non-Levered Loan Assets will not be required to comply with the Investment Criteria. 

Joinder Supplement 
means an agreement among the Borrower, a Lender and the Administrative Agent in the form of Exhibit M (appropriately completed)
delivered in connection with a Person becoming a Lender hereunder after the Closing Date. 

Lender 
means (a) Morgan Stanley and (b) any Lender, and/or any other Person to whom a Lender assigns any part of its rights and obligations
under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the terms of Section
12.04 . 

Lender
Fee Letter means each fee letter agreement that shall be entered into by and among the Borrower, the Servicer, the applicable
Lender and/or the Administrative Agent in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

LIBOR
(Dollar) means, for any day during a Remittance Period, with respect to any Advance in Dollars (or portion thereof), the
rate per annum (carried out to the fifth decimal place) equal to the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the
offered rate that appears on the page of the Reuters Screen (or any applicable successor page) at approximately 11:00 a.m., London
time on such day that displays an average ICE Benchmark Administration Interest Settlement Rate (such page currently being LIBOR01)
for deposits in Dollars with a term equivalent to one (1) month; provided that if such rate is not available at any such time
for any reason (other than in connection with a Benchmark Replacement (Dollar)), then LIBOR with respect to any Advance
in Dollars shall be the rate at which Dollar deposits of 5,000,000 for a one (1)-month maturity are offered by the principal London
office of the Administrative Agent or the principal London office of any bank reasonably selected by the Administrative Agent in
immediately available funds in the London interbank market at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, on the applicable day (or, if
such day is not a Business Day, on the immediately preceding Business Day); provided , further , that
in the event that the rate as so determined above shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this
Agreement. LIBOR shall always be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest
or demonstrable error. 

LIBOR
(GBP) means, for any day during a Remittance Period, with respect to any Advance in GBPs (or portion thereof),
the rate per annum (carried out to the fifth decimal place) equal to the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the
offered rate that appears on the page of the Reuters Screen (or any applicable successor page) at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time
on such day that displays an average ICE Benchmark Administration Interest Settlement Rate (such page currently being LIBOR01) for deposits
in GBPs with a term equivalent to one (1) month; provided that if such rate is not available at any such time for any reason (other
than in connection with a Replacement Benchmark (GBP)), then LIBOR with respect to any Advance in GBPs the rate at which GBP
deposits of 2,500,000 and for a one (1)-month maturity are offered by the principal London office of the Administrative Agent or
the principal London office of any bank reasonably selected by the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds in the London interbank
market at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, on the applicable day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, on the immediately preceding
Business Day); provided further that in the event that the rate as so determined above shall be less than zero,
such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. . LIBOR shall always
be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest or demonstrable error. 

Lien 
means any mortgage or deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, collateral assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory
or other), charge, claim, preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement in the nature of a security interest
of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale, lease or other title retention agreement, sale subject to a repurchase
obligation, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and any financing lease having substantially the
same economic effect as any of the foregoing) or the filing of or agreement to give any financing statement perfecting a security interest
under the UCC or comparable law of any jurisdiction. 

Loan
Asset means any leveraged or commercial loan acquired by a Loan Party, but excluding, as applicable, the Retained Interest
and Excluded Amounts. 

Loan
Asset Checklist means an electronic or hard copy, as applicable, of a checklist delivered by or on behalf of the Borrower
to the Collateral Custodian, for each Loan Asset, of all applicable Required Loan Documents to be included within the respective Loan
File. 

Loan
Asset Schedule means the Loan Asset Schedule identifying the Loan Assets delivered by the Borrower or Servicer to the
Collateral Custodian and the Administrative Agent. Each such schedule shall set forth the applicable information specified on Schedule
IV, which shall also be provided to the Collateral Custodian in electronic format acceptable to the Collateral Custodian . 

Loan
Assignment has the meaning set forth in the applicable Purchase and Sale Agreement. 

Loan
File means, with respect to each Loan Asset, a file containing (a) each of the documents and items as set forth on the
Loan Asset Checklist with respect to such Loan Asset and (b) copies of any other Records relating to such Loan Assets and Related Asset
pertaining thereto. 

Loan
Party means, collectively and individually as the context requires, the Borrower and each Securitization Subsidiary
party hereto. 

Lookback
Period means five RFR Banking Days. 

LSTA means
the Loan Syndications and Trading Association (or any successor organization thereto). 

Maintenance Covenant 
means, as of any date of determination, a covenant by the Obligor of a Loan Asset to comply with one or more financial covenants during
each reporting period applicable to such Loan Asset, whether or not any action by, or event relating to, the Obligor occurs after such
date of determination; provided that a covenant that otherwise satisfies the definition hereof and only applies when amounts are
outstanding under the related Loan Asset shall be a Maintenance Covenant. 

35 

Management Agreement 
means the Second Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement, dated August 5, 2014, by and between Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and
GC Advisors LLC. 

Margin
Stock means margin stock as such term is defined in Regulation T, U or X of the Federal Reserve Board. 

Material
Adverse Effect means, with respect to any event or circumstance, a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial
condition, operations, performance or properties of the Originator, the Servicer or any Loan Party, (b) the validity, enforceability
or collectability of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or the validity, enforceability or collectability of the Loan Assets
generally or any material portion of the Loan Assets, (c) the rights and remedies of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian,
the Account Bank, the Administrative Agent, any Lender and the Secured Parties with respect to matters arising under this Agreement or
any other Transaction Document, (d) the ability of each of the Borrower, each Securitization Subsidiary, the Originator and the Servicer
to perform their respective obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or (e) the status, existence, perfection,
priority or enforceability of the Collateral Agent's lien on the Collateral Portfolio or any Securitization Subsidiary Collateral Portfolio.
 The occurrence of one or more Qualifying Value Adjustment Events with respect to the Loan Assets shall
not be deemed to be the sole cause of a Material Adverse Effect hereunder. 

Materials of Environmental
Concern means any material, substance or waste that is listed, regulated, or otherwise defined as hazardous, toxic, radioactive,
a pollutant or a contaminant (or words of similar regulatory intent or meaning) under applicable Environmental Law, or which could give
rise to liability under any Environmental Law. 

Material
Modification means any amendment or waiver of, or modification or supplement with respect to, an Underlying Instrument
governing an Eligible Loan Asset executed or effected on or after the Cut-Off Date for such Eligible Loan Asset (or, in the case of clause
(d) below, a change to any other Indebtedness of the Obligor, as applicable) that is not consented to by the Administrative Agent
in writing which: 

(a) 
 reduces or forgives any or all of the principal amount due under such Eligible Loan Asset; 

(b) 
 extends or delays the stated maturity date for such Eligible Loan Asset by more than three (3) calendar months; 

(c) 
 waives one or more interest payments, permits any interest due in cash to be deferred or capitalized and added to the principal
amount of such Eligible Loan Asset (other than any deferral or capitalization already allowed by the terms of the Underlying Instruments
of any Eligible Loan Asset as of the Cut-Off Date) or reduces the amount of interest due (in each case, other than in connection with
any prepayment); 

36 

(d) 
 (i) contractually or structurally subordinates such Eligible Loan Asset by operation of a priority of payments, turnover provisions,
the transfer of assets in order to limit recourse to the related Obligor or the granting of Liens on any Related Collateral, (ii) increases
the commitment amount of any loan senior or pari passu with such Eligible Loan Asset other than in connection with any increase
permitted by the related Underlying Instruments as of the related Cut-Off Date or ii iii the Obligor thereof incurs any additional Indebtedness under a separate loan facility which was not in place as of the Cut-Off Date which
is senior to or pari passu with such Eligible Loan Asset; provided that,
this clause (d) shall exclude any loans modified pursuant to a United States federal government assistance program, so long as such loan
is less than or equal to the greater of (i) 2.5x the average total monthly payments (as defined pursuant to the applicable federal government
assistance program) and (ii) 5.0 of such loan commitment; 

(e) 
 substitutes, alters or releases any material portion of the Related Collateral securing such Eligible Loan Asset (excluding a release
in connection with a payoff of all or a portion of such Eligible Loan Asset) and any such substitution, alteration or release, as determined
in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent, materially and adversely affects the value of such Eligible Loan Asset; or 

(f) amends,
waives, forbears, supplements or otherwise modifies (i) the meaning of Senior Leverage Ratio, Cash Interest
Coverage Ratio, Total Leverage Ratio, EBITDA, Permitted Liens , Recurring
Revenue , Debt-to-Recurring-Revenue Ratio or any respective comparable terms in the Underlying Instruments for
such Eligible Loan Asset (to the extent such financial covenants or terms are included in the Underlying Instruments) or (ii) any
term or provision of such Underlying Instruments referenced in or utilized in the calculation of the Senior Leverage
Ratio, Cash Interest Coverage Ratio, Total Leverage Ratio, EBITDA, Permitted
Liens , Recurring Revenue , Debt-to-Recurring-Revenue Ratio or any respective comparable terms for
such Eligible Loan Asset, in the case of either clause (i) or (ii) above, in a manner that, in the sole discretion of
the Administrative Agent, is materially adverse to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the value of such Eligible Loan
Asset. 

Maximum Portfolio
Advance Rate means, as of any date of determination, (i) during the Revolving Period, the advance rate corresponding to the
Diversity Score of the Loan Assets included in the Collateral as of such date, as set forth below and (ii) thereafter, the Weighted Average
Advance Rate as of such date: 

Diversity Score 
 Maximum Portfolio Advance Rate 
 
 x 3.0 
 0 
 
 3.0 10.0 
 62.5 

37 

Measurement Date 
means each of the following dates: (a) the Closing Date; (b) each Reporting Date occurring in a calendar month in which a Payment Date
does not occur (a Monthly Reporting Date ); (c) each Determination Date; (d) the last day of each Remittance Period;
(e) the date as of which an Advance or reduction of the Advances Outstanding is requested; (f) the date as of which a release of Principal
Collections is requested pursuant to Section 2.18 ; (g) the date of any Discretionary Sale described in Section 2.07(a) ;
(h) the date as of which the Servicer obtains actual knowledge of a decrease in the Assigned Value of any Loan Asset if such knowledge
is obtained prior to noon on such date or, otherwise, prior to noon on the next succeeding Business Day; (i) the last day of the Revolving
Period; and (j) the date on which funds on deposit in the Principal Collection Subaccount are converted into another Eligible Currency
pursuant to Section 2.17(f)(iii) . 

Minimum Equity Amount 
means (a) , as
of any date of determination, the greater of (A) 28,125,000 and (B) the aggregate Adjusted Borrowing Value of all Eligible Loan Assets
issued by each of the three (3) largest Obligors, as of such date of determination, and their respective Affiliates. 

Minimum Utilization 
means (a) during the Ramp-Up Period, 0 (b) during the period after the Ninth
Amendment Effective Date and before November 30, 2021, 0 , (c) other than during the period described in clause (b) of this definition, 
after the Ramp-Up Period but prior to the end of the Revolving Period, 65 of the Facility Amount, and c d thereafter, 0 . 

Monthly Determination
Date means, with respect to each Monthly Reporting Date, the 10 th Business Day preceding such Monthly Reporting
Date. 

Moody's 
means Moody's Investors Service, Inc. (or its successors in interest). 

Morgan Stanley 
means Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A., and its successors and assigns. 

Multiemployer
Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which the applicable Person
or any ERISA Affiliate of that Person contributed or had any obligation to contribute, or with respect to which such Person or ERISA
Affiliate has any liability (whether actual or contingent). 

Net Purchased Loan
Balance means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to (a) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Loan Assets
acquired by any Loan Party prior to such date minus (b) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Loan Assets (other than Warranty
Loan Assets and Non-Levered Loan Assets) repurchased or substituted by the Originator prior to such date. 

New
Commitments has the meaning assigned to that term in Section
2.21 . 

NIBOR
Rate means for any day during a Remittance Period, with respect to any NOK Advance (or portion thereof), the rate per annum (carried
out to the fifth decimal place) equal to the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the offered rate that appears on the Bloomberg
screen page or any applicable successor or substitute page providing rate quotations comparable to those currently provided on such page
of such service equal to the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the offered rate that appears on at approximately 11:00
a.m. (Norway time) on such day for deposits in NOK with a term equivalent to one month; provided that if such rate is not available at
any such time for any reason, NIBOR Rate with respect to any NOK Advance shall be the rate at which NOK deposits of NOK5,000,000
and for a one-month maturity are offered by the principal Norwegian office of any bank (which may be the Administrative Agent) reasonable
selected by the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds at approximately 11:00 a.m. (Norway time) on the applicable day (or,
if such day is not a Business Day, on the immediately preceding Business Day); provided, further that, in the event that the rate as so
determined above shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. NIBOR Rate shall always
be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest effort. 

38 

Ninth
Amendment Effective Date July 30, 2021. 

No-Action Relief 
means the no-action letter issued on September 7, 2018 by the staff of the Division of Investment Management by the Securities and Exchange
Commission to Golub Capital BDC, Inc., Golub Capital Investment Corporation and GC Advisors LLC. 

No-Action Relief
Assets has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 2.14(a) . 

NOK 
means the lawful currency of Norway. 

NOK
Advance means an Advance denominated in NOK. 

Non-Approval
Event means, as of any date of determination prior to the
one-year anniversary of the Ninth Amendment Effective Date , an event that (a) will be deemed to have occurred if the
quotient of (i) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of the Loan Assets out 
of the last fifteen (15) Eligible Loan Assets (other than with respect to clause 1 of the definition thereof) submitted by the
Borrower to the Administrative Agent which the Administrative Agent has rejected divided by (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Balance
of such fifteen (15) Loan Assets, is greater than 50 and (b) will be continuing until the conditions set forth in clause (a) of
this definition are no longer satisfied ; provided that, until fifteen (15) Eligible Loan
Assets have been submitted to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, the ratio of clause (a)(i) over clause (a)(ii) shall be
deemed to be zero . 

Non-Levered
Loan Asset has the meaning assigned to that term in Schedule
II . 

Noteless
Loan means a Loan Asset with respect to which the Underlying Instruments (a) do not require the Obligor to execute and
deliver a promissory note to evidence the Indebtedness created under such Loan Asset or (b) require any holder of the Indebtedness created
under such Loan Asset to affirmatively request a promissory note from the related Obligor (and none has been requested with respect to
such Loan Asset held by a Loan Party). 

Notice
of Borrowing means an irrevocable written notice of borrowing from the Borrower to the Administrative Agent substantially
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D . 

Notice
of Exclusive Control has the meaning given to such term in the Control Agreement. 

39 

Notice
of Reduction means a notice of a reduction of the Advances Outstanding pursuant to Section
2.16 , substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E . 

Obligations 
means all present and future indebtedness and other liabilities and obligations (howsoever created, arising or evidenced, whether direct
or indirect, absolute or contingent, or due or to become due) of the Borrower or any Securitization Subsidiary to the Lenders, the Administrative
Agent, the Account Bank, the Secured Parties, the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Custodian arising under this Agreement and/or any
other Transaction Document and shall include, all liability for Yield and principal of the Advances Outstanding, Breakage Fees, Prepayment
Premiums, indemnifications and other amounts due or to become due by the Borrower to the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral
Agent, the Collateral Custodian, the Secured Parties and the Account Bank under this Agreement and/or any other Transaction Document,
including any Lender Fee Letter , any Prepayment Premium and costs
and expenses payable by the Borrower to the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, the Account Bank, the Collateral Agent or the Collateral
Custodian, including attorneys' fees, costs and expenses, including interest, fees and other obligations that accrue after the commencement
of an insolvency proceeding (in each case whether or not allowed as a claim in such insolvency proceeding). 

Obligor 
means, with respect to a Loan Asset, the Person who is obligated to repay such Loan Asset (including, if applicable, a guarantor thereof),
and whose assets are primarily relied upon by the Borrower at the time such Loan Asset was originated or purchased by the Borrower as
the source of repayment of such Loan Asset. 

Obligor
Information means, with respect to any Obligor, (a) the legal name and tax identification number of such Obligor, (b) the
jurisdiction in which such Obligor is domiciled, (c) the audited financial statements for such Obligor for the three prior fiscal
years (or such shorter period of time that the Obligor has been in existence), (d) the Servicer's internal credit memo with respect
to the Obligor and the related Loan Asset, including explanation of any EBITDA adjustments and detailed projections of free cash
flow through maturity, (e) any lender presentations and confidential information memorandum received by the Servicer, (f) the annual
report for the most recent fiscal year of such Obligor, (g) a company forecast for such Obligor including plans related to capital
expenditures, (h) the financials for the most recent fiscal quarter, (i) the business model, company strategy and names of known
peers of such Obligor, (j) the shareholding pattern and details of the management team of such Obligor, (k) details of any banking
facilities and the debt maturity schedule of such Obligor and (l) Underlying Instruments. 

OFAC means
the U.S. Department of Treasury's Office of Foreign Asset Control. 

Officer's
Certificate means a certificate signed by the president, the secretary, an assistant secretary, the chief financial
officer or any vice president, as an authorized officer, of any Person. 

Opinion
of Counsel means a customary written opinion of counsel, which opinion and counsel are acceptable to the Administrative
Agent in its sole discretion. 

40 

Originator 
means Golub Capital BDC, Inc., a Delaware corporation, in its capacity as the Originator hereunder and as the seller under the Originator
Purchase and Sale Agreement, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity. 

Originator Purchase
and Sale Agreement means that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, between the Originator,
as the seller, and the Borrower, as the purchaser. 

Other Connection
Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient
and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party
to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction
pursuant to or enforced any Transaction Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Advance or Transaction Document). 

Other Taxes 
means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made
under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest
under, or otherwise with respect to, any Transaction Document. 

Outstanding
Balance means, as of any date of determination, (a) if a Loan Asset is denominated and payable in Dollars as of such
date, the outstanding principal balance of such Loan Asset, and (b) if a Loan Asset is denominated and payable in an Eligible Currency
other than Dollars, the equivalent in Dollars of the outstanding principal balance of such Loan Asset as of such date, determined by
the Servicer using the Spot Rate (or, for purposes of daily reporting by the Collateral Agent, the Spot Rate as determined by the Collateral
Agent pursuant to clause (y) of the definition thereof), in each case exclusive of any PIK Interest or accrued interest on such Loan
Asset as of such date; provided that, for purposes of calculating the Outstanding Balance of any PIK Loan Asset, principal
payments received on such Loan Asset shall first be applied to reducing or eliminating any outstanding PIK Interest or accrued interest. 

Pari Passu Provisions 
means, in relation to any amount payable pursuant to Section 2.04 : 

(i) 
 (v) in the case of any item (or items) ranking pari passu denominated in Dollars, the Borrower shall use an amount of Dollars
from the Available Collections to make payments in Dollars to meet such item or items, (w) in the case of any item (or items) ranking
pari passu denominated in Euro, the Borrower shall use an amount of Euro from the Available Collections to make payments in Euro to meet
such item or items, (x) in the case of any item (or items) ranking pari passu denominated in GBP, the Borrower shall use an amount of
GBP from the Available Collections to make payments in GBP to meet such item or items, (y) in the case of any item (or items) ranking
pari passu denominated in CAD, the Borrower shall use an amount of CAD from the Available Collections to make payments in CAD to meet
such item or items and (z) in the case of any item (or items) ranking pari passu denominated in AUD, the Borrower shall use an amount
of AUD from the Available Collections to make payments in AUD to meet such item or items; 

41 

(ii) 
 (x) if there is an insufficient aggregate amount comprised in the Available Collections to meet any such item (or items) ranking
pari passu denominated in Dollars, the Borrower shall exchange a sufficient amount denominated in an Eligible Currency other than Dollars
from the Available Collections, if such is available after application of any amounts in such Eligible Currency in respect of any items
ranking pari passu subject to and in accordance with Section 2.04 , into Dollars at the Spot Rate to meet such item or items, (y)
if there is an insufficient aggregate amount comprised in the Available Collections to meet any such item (or items) ranking pari passu
denominated in an Eligible Currency other than Dollars, the Borrower shall exchange a sufficient amount denominated in Dollars from the
Available Collections, if such is available after application of any Dollar amounts in respect of any items ranking pari passu subject
to and in accordance with Section 2.04 , into such Eligible Currency at the Spot Rate to meet such item or items, or (z) if there
is an insufficient aggregate amount comprised in the Available Collections to meet any such item (or items) ranking pari passu denominated
in an Eligible Currency other than Dollars, the Borrower shall exchange a sufficient amount denominated in any other Eligible Currency
other than such Eligible Currency and Dollars from the Available Collections, if such is available after application of any amounts in
the other Eligible Currency in respect of any items ranking pari passu subject to and in accordance with Section 2.04 , into such
Eligible Currency at the Spot Rate to meet such item or items, in the case of (x), (y) and (z), subject to such exchange being sufficient
to pay any remaining item (or items) ranking pari passu denominated in (in the case of (x)) Dollars or (in the case of (y) or (z)) an
Eligible Currency other than Dollars, and provided that where such amounts are insufficient, all payments for such item (or items) ranking
pari passu shall be made in accordance with clause (iii) below); and 

(iii) 
 if there is an insufficient aggregate amount in the Available Collections to meet all items ranking pari passu in full, then the
relevant shortfall shall be borne proportionately between such items, and in such circumstances, the Available Collections (determined
in Dollars, with amounts in an Eligible Currency other than Dollars converted into Dollars by the Servicer at the Spot Rate) to be applied
in respect of such items ranking pari passu shall be applied in respect of such items, pro rata (based on the percentage of the aggregate
amount payable in respect of all such items represented by each such item, in each case, determined in Dollars, with amounts in an Eligible
Currency other than Dollars converted into Dollars by the Servicer at the Spot Rate). 

Participant Register 
has the meaning set forth in Section 12.04(a). 

Patriot Act 
means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, P.L.
107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001). 

Payment 
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.01(k)(i). 

42 

Payment
Date means the 23rd calendar day of each January, April, July and October, unless such day is not a Business Day, in
which case the following Business Day, commencing in April, 2019; provided that the final Payment Date shall occur on the Collection
Date. 

Payment
Notice has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.01(k)(ii). 

Payment
Recipient has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.01(k)(i). 

PBGC means
the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation established pursuant to Subtitle A of Title IV of ERISA (or any successor). 

Pension
Plan means an employee pension benefit plan as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA, other than
a Multiemployer Plan, that is subject to Title IV or ERISA and is sponsored or maintained by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of the
Borrower or to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of the Borrower contributes or has an obligation to contribute, or has any liability
(whether actual or contingent). 

Permitted Investments 
means, as of any date of determination: 

(a) 
 direct interest bearing obligations of, and interest bearing obligations guaranteed as to timely payment of principal and interest
by, the United States or any agency or instrumentality of the United States, the obligations of which are backed by the full faith and
credit of the United States; 

(b) 
 demand or time deposits in, certificates of deposit of, demand notes of, or bankers' acceptances issued by any depository institution
or trust company organized under the laws of the United States or any State thereof (including any federal or state branch or agency of
a foreign depository institution or trust company) and subject to supervision and examination by federal and/or state banking authorities
(including, if applicable, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian or the Administrative Agent or any agent thereof acting in its
commercial capacity); provided that the short-term unsecured debt obligations of such depository institution or trust company at
the time of such investment are rated at least A-1 by S P and P-1 by Moody's; 

(c) 
 commercial paper that (i) is payable in an Eligible Currency and (ii) is rated at least A-1 by S P and P-1 
by Moody's; and 

(d) 
 units of money market funds rated in the highest credit rating category by any nationally recognized statistical rating organization,
including S P and Moody's. 

No Permitted Investment shall
have an f, r, p, pi, q, sf or t subscript affixed
to its S P rating. Any such investment may be made or acquired from or through the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent or
any of their respective Affiliates, or any entity for whom the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent, the Account Bank, the Collateral
Custodian or any of their respective Affiliates provides services and receives compensation (so long as such investment otherwise meets
the applicable requirements of the foregoing definition of Permitted Investment at the time of acquisition). The Collateral Agent and
Collateral Custodian shall have no obligation to determine or oversee compliance with the foregoing. 

43 

Permitted
Liens means any of the following as to which no enforcement, collection, execution, levy or foreclosure proceeding shall
have been commenced: (a) Liens for state, municipal or other local Taxes if such Taxes shall not at the time be due and payable or if
a Person shall currently be contesting the validity thereof in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves
in accordance with GAAP have been provided on the books of such Person, (b) Liens imposed by law, such as materialmen's, warehousemen's,
mechanics', carriers', workmen's and repairmen's Liens and other similar Liens, arising by operation of law in the ordinary course of
business for sums that are not overdue or are being contested in good faith, (c) with respect to agented Loan Assets, security interests,
liens and other encumbrances in favor of the lead agent, the collateral agent or the paying agent on behalf of all holders of indebtedness
of such Obligor under the related facility, (d) with respect to any Loan Assets, restrictions on transfer set forth in the applicable
Underlying Instrument and (e) Liens granted pursuant to or by the Transaction Documents. 

Permitted Seller 
means any subsidiary of Golub Capital BDC, Inc. 

Person 
means an individual, partnership, corporation (including a statutory or business trust), limited liability company, joint stock company,
trust, unincorporated association, sole proprietorship, joint venture, government (or any agency or political subdivision thereof) or
other entity. 

PIK
Interest means interest accrued on a Loan Asset that is added to the principal amount of such Loan Asset instead of
being paid as cash interest as it accrues. 

PIK
Loan Asset means a Loan Asset which provides for a portion of the interest that accrues thereon to be added to the principal
amount of such Loan Asset for some period of time prior to such Loan Asset requiring the current cash payment of such previously capitalized
interest, which cash payment shall be treated as an Interest Collection at the time it is received and which does not have a required
all in current cash payment of at least 3.0 per annum . 

Pledge Agreement 
means the Pledge Agreement among the Borrower, each Securitization Subsidiary and the Collateral Agent pursuant to which the Borrower
pledges all of the Capital Stock owned by it in each Securitization Subsidiary to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured
Parties. 

Politically
Exposed Person means a natural person currently or formerly entrusted with a senior public role or function (e.g., a
senior official in the executive, legislative, military, administrative, or judicial branches of government), an immediate family
member of a prominent public figure, a known close associate of a prominent public figure, or any corporation, business or other
entity that has been formed by, or for the benefit of, a prominent public figure. Immediate family members include family within
one-degree of separation of the prominent public figure (e.g., spouse, parent, sibling, child, step-child, or in-law). Known close
associates include those widely- and publicly-known close business colleagues and personal advisors to the prominent public figure,
in particular financial advisors or persons acting in a fiduciary capacity. 

44 

Post-Specified
Period means the period from and including March 18, 2021 to but excluding September 17, 2021. 

Prepayment
Premium means, in the event that this Agreement is terminated or the Facility Amount is permanently reduced, in each
case, pursuant to Section 2.16(b) , prior to the one (1) year anniversary of the Eighth Amendment Effective Date, an amount equal
to 101.0 of either (x) the Facility Amount, in the case of such termination, or (y) the amount of such reduction, in the case of such
permanent reduction of the Facility Amount and, in each case, such amounts shall be payable pro rata to each Lender at the time
of such termination or such reduction, as applicable; provided that the Prepayment Premium shall be calculated without giving
effect to the proviso in the definition of Facility Amount. 

Principal
Collection Subaccount means, collectively, (i) a sub-account (account number 82612102 at the Account Bank) of the Collection
Account entitled Principal Collection Subaccount, into which Principal Collections shall be segregated and (ii) each sub-account
of the Collection Account of each Securitization Subsidiary into which Principal Collections shall be segregated. 

Principal
Collections means with respect to any date of determination, all amounts received by a Loan Party during the related
Remittance Period that do not constitute Interest Collections and any other amounts that have been designated as Principal Collections
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (but not including the proceeds of any liquidations, sales, dispositions or securitizations of
Non-Levered Loan Assets that the Servicer directs to be deposited into the Contribution Account). 

Pro
Rata Share means, with respect to each Lender, the percentage obtained by dividing the Commitment of such Lender (or,
following the termination thereof, the outstanding principal amount of all Advances of such Lender), by the aggregate Commitments of
all the Lenders (or, following the termination thereof, the aggregate Advances Outstanding). 

Proceeds 
means, with respect to any property included in the Collateral, all property that is receivable or received when such property is collected,
sold, liquidated, foreclosed, exchanged, or otherwise disposed of, whether such disposition is voluntary or involuntary, and includes
all rights to payment with respect to such Collateral including any insurance relating thereto. 

Published
Rate Replacement Event means, in relation to SONIA: 

(a) the methodology, formula or other means of determining SONIA
has, in the opinion of the Required Lenders and the Borrowers, materially changed; 

(b) the administrator of SONIA or its supervisor publicly announces
that such administrator is insolvent; or information is published in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however described,
of or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, regulatory or judicial body which reasonably
confirms that the administrator of SONIA is insolvent; provided that, in each case, at that time, there is no successor administrator
to continue to provide SONIA; 

(c) the administrator of SONIA publicly announces that it has
ceased or will cease, to provide SONIA permanently or indefinitely and, at that time, there is no successor administrator to continue
to provide SONIA; 

45 

(d) the supervisor of the administrator of SONIA publicly announces
that SONIA has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 

(e) the administrator of SONIA or its supervisor announces that
SONIA may no longer be used; 

(f) the administrator of SONIA (or the administrator of an interest
rate which is a constituent element of SONIA) determines that SONIA should be calculated in accordance with its reduced submissions or
other contingency or fallback policies or arrangements and either: 

(i) the circumstance(s) or event(s) leading to such determination
are not (in the opinion of the Required Lenders and the Borrowers) temporary; or 

(ii) 
 SONIA is calculated in accordance with any such policy or arrangement for a period no less than five (5) RFR Banking Days; or 

in the opinion
of the Required Lenders and the Borrowers, SONIA is otherwise no longer appropriate for the purposes of calculating interest under this
Agreement. 

Purchase
and Sale Agreement means, individually or collectively as the context requires, (a) the Originator Purchase and Sale
Agreement and (b) each Securitization Subsidiary Purchase and Sale Agreement. 

Purchase Price 
means, with respect to any Loan Asset, an amount (expressed as a percentage of par) equal to the greater of (a) zero and (b) the actual
price paid by a Loan Party in the applicable Eligible Currency for such Loan Asset; provided that if the actual price paid by such
Loan Party for such Loan Asset (i) is greater than or equal to 97 of par and such Loan Party purchased such Loan Asset within three months
of the origination of such Loan Asset or (ii) exceeds 100 of par, in each case, the Purchase Price shall be deemed to be 100 . 

Qualifying
Value Adjustment Event has the meaning assigned to that term in clause (iii)(1) of the definition of Assigned
Value. 

Ramp-Up Period 
means the earlier to occur of (a) the period beginning on the February 22, 2021 and ending on the three-month anniversary thereof and
(b) the closing date of each Existing Golub BDC CLO approved in writing by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion and ending
on the four-month anniversary thereof. 

Recipient 
means the Administrative Agent and any Lender, as applicable. 

Records 
means all documents relating to the Loan Assets, including books, records and other information executed in connection with the origination
or acquisition of the Loan Assets or maintained with respect to the Loan Assets and the related Obligors that a Loan Party, the Originator
or the Servicer have generated, in which such Loan Party has acquired an interest pursuant to a Purchase and Sale Agreement or in which
such Loan Party or the Originator have otherwise obtained an interest (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any investment committee
memorandums or related material utilized by any of the Originator, the Servicer or such Loan Party in connection with the origination
or acquisition of such Loan Asset). 

Recurring Revenue 
means, with respect to any Eligible Loan Assets that are Recurring Revenue Loans, the definition of annualized recurring revenue used
in the Underlying Instruments for each such Eligible Loan Asset, or any comparable term for Revenue , Recurring Revenue 
or Adjusted Revenue in the Underlying Instruments for each such Eligible Loan Asset or if there is no such term in the Underlying
Instruments, all recurring maintenance, service, support, hosting, subscription and other revenues identified by the Servicer (including,
without limitation, software as a service subscription revenue), of the related Obligor and any of its parents or Subsidiaries that are
obligated with respect to such Eligible Loan Asset pursuant to its Underlying Instruments (determined on a consolidated basis without
duplication in accordance with GAAP). 

46 

Recurring Revenue
Loan means an Eligible Loan Asset that is underwritten based on the Recurring Revenue of the Obligor, as determined by the
Administrative Agent in its sole discretion after consultation with the Servicer and designated as such in the related Approval Notice. 

Redetermination
Request means a request of the Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf) to the Administrative Agent for the Administrative
Agent to determinate a new Advance Rate or Assigned Value for a Loan Asset following a Redetermination Event. 

Redetermination
Event means an event identified as such by the Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf on a Redetermination Request). 

Reference Time 
with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is LIBOR (Dollar), 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the
day that is two London banking days preceding the date of such setting, or (2) if such Benchmark is not LIBOR (Dollar), the time determined
by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 

Register 
has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 2.13 . 

Registered 
means a debt obligation that is in registered form for U.S. federal income tax purposes within the meaning of Section 881(c)(2)(B)(i)
of the Code and the Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder and that is issued after July 18, 1984; provided that a certificate
of interest in a grantor trust shall not be treated as Registered unless each of the obligations or securities held by the trust was
issued after that date. 

Related Asset 
means, with respect to each Loan Asset, all right, title and interest of the Borrower in and to: 

(a) any
amounts on deposit in any deposit accounts, cash reserve, collection, custody or lockbox accounts securing the Loan Assets; 

(b) all
rights with respect to the Loan Assets to which the Originator and/or the Borrower, as applicable, is entitled as lender under the applicable
Underlying Instruments; 

(c) the
Controlled Accounts, together with all cash and investments in each of the foregoing other than amounts earned on investments therein; 

(d) any
Related Collateral securing a Loan Asset, all payments paid in respect thereof and all monies due or to become due and paid in respect
thereof after the applicable Cut-Off Date and all liquidation proceeds; 

(e) all
Required Loan Documents, the Loan Files related to any Loan Asset, any Records, and the documents, agreements, and instruments included
in the Loan Files or Records; 

(f) all
Insurance Policies with respect to any Loan Asset; 

47 

(g) all
Liens, guaranties, indemnities, warranties, letters of credit, accounts, bank accounts and property subject thereto from time to time
purporting to secure or support payment of any Loan Asset, together with all UCC financing statements, mortgages or similar filings signed
or authorized by an Obligor relating thereto; 

(h) all
records (including computer records) with respect to the foregoing; and 

(i) all
collections, income, payments, proceeds and other benefits of each of the foregoing. 

Related Collateral 
means, with respect to a Loan Asset, any property or other assets designated and pledged or mortgaged as collateral to secure repayment
of such Loan Asset, as applicable, including, mortgaged property and/or a pledge of the stock, membership or other ownership interests
in the related Obligor and all Proceeds from any sale or other disposition of such property or other assets. 

Release
Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.07(c) . 

Relevant
Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York,
or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of
New York, or any successor thereto. 

Relevant Nominating
Body means any applicable central bank, regulator or other supervisory authority or a group of them, or any working group or
committee sponsored or chaired by, or constituted at the request of, any of them or the Financial Stability Board. 

Remittance
Period 
means , a i as to the initial Payment Date, the period beginning on , and including, the Closing Date
and ending on, and including, the Determination Date immediately preceding such Payment Date and b ii as to any subsequent Payment Date, the period beginning , and including, on the first
day after the most recently ended Remittance Period and ending on, and including, the Determination Date immediately preceding such Payment
Date, or, with respect to the final Remittance Period, the Collection Date. 

Replacement Benchmark
(GBP) Reference Rate means a benchmark reference 
rate which is: (a) 

(a) formally designated, nominated or recommended as the replacement for LIBOR
(GBP) SONIA by: (i)

(i) the administrator of LIBOR (GBP) SONIA 
(provided that the market or economic reality that such benchmark reference 
rate measures is the same as that measured by LIBOR (GBP) SONIA );
or (ii) 

(ii) 
 any Relevant Nominating Body, and if replacements have, at
 the relevant time, been formally designated, nominated or recommended under both clause (i) and
 clause (ii) paragraphs ,
 the Replacement Benchmark (GBP) Reference
 Rate will be the replacement under clause paragraph (ii)
 above; (b) 

(b) 
 in the opinion of the Administrative
Agent Required
Lenders and the Borrower, generally accepted in the international or any relevant domestic syndicated loan markets as the
appropriate successor to LIBOR (GBP) SONIA ;
or (c) 

in the opinion of the Administrative Agent Required
 Lenders and the Borrower Borrowers ,
 an appropriate successor to LIBOR (GBP) SONIA . 

48 

Replacement
Servicer has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 6.01(c) . 

Reporting
Date means with respect to any calendar month, the 23rd day of such calendar month, commencing in February 2019; provided
 that, in each case, if such day is not a Business Day then the Reporting Date shall occur on the following Business Day. 

Reporting Period 
means each period beginning on the day following the preceding Monthly Determination Date or Determination Date, as applicable and ending
on the earliest of the next Determination Date or Monthly Determination Date. 

Required
Lenders means (a) Morgan Stanley (as a Lender hereunder) and its successors and assigns and (b) the other Lenders, if
any, representing, together with Morgan Stanley, an aggregate of at least 51 of the aggregate Commitments of the Lenders then in effect. 

Required Loan Documents 
means, for each Loan Asset, the following documents or instruments, all as specified on the related Loan Asset Checklist: 

(a) 
 (i) the original executed promissory note or, in the case of a lost note, a copy of the executed underlying promissory note accompanied
by an original executed affidavit and indemnity endorsed by the Borrower in blank (and an unbroken chain of endorsements from each prior
holder of such promissory note to the Borrower), or (ii) if such promissory note is not issued in the name of the Borrower or is a Noteless
Loan, an executed copy of each assignment and assumption agreement, transfer document or instrument relating to such Loan Asset evidencing
the assignment of such Loan Asset from any prior third party owner thereof to the Borrower and from the Borrower in blank; and 

(b) 
 copies of the executed (i) guaranty, (ii) Underlying Instrument, (iii) if applicable, acquisition agreement (or similar agreement)
and (iv) security agreement or other agreement that secures the obligations represented by such Loan Asset, in each case as set forth
on the Loan Asset Checklist. 

Reset Cut-Off Date 
means the date following the submission of a Redetermination Request on which the Administrative Agent assigns a new Assigned Value or
Advance Rate in connection with an Eligible Loan Asset. 

Responsible
Officer means, with respect to any Person, any duly authorized officer of such Person (or in the case of the Borrower, the
Servicer, the Originator or any Affiliate thereof, any duly authorized senior officer) with direct responsibility for the administration
of this Agreement and also, with respect to a particular matter, any other duly authorized officer of such Person to whom such matter
is referred because of such officer's knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject. 

Restricted
Junior Payment means (a) any dividend or other distribution, direct or indirect, on account of any class of membership interests
of the Borrower now or hereafter outstanding, except a dividend paid solely in interests of that class of membership interests or in
any junior class of membership interests of the Borrower (other than dividends or distributions of amounts on deposit in the Contribution
Account that were not utilized to acquire Non-Levered Loan Assets or the proceeds of the sale of a Non-Levered Loan Asset; (b) any redemption,
retirement, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value, direct or indirect, of any class of membership
interests of the Borrower now or hereafter outstanding, (c) any payment made to redeem, purchase, repurchase or retire, or to obtain
the surrender of, any outstanding warrants, options or other rights to acquire membership interests of the Borrower now or hereafter
outstanding, and (d) any payment of management fees by the Borrower. For the avoidance of doubt, (x) payments and reimbursements due
to the Servicer in accordance with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document do not constitute Restricted Junior Payments, (y)
(I) distributions by the Borrower to holders of its membership interests of Loan Assets or of cash or other proceeds relating thereto
which have been substituted by the Borrower in accordance with this Agreement, (II) distributions by the Borrower of amounts received
in accordance with Section 2.04 or with respect to any Advance, or (III) distributions that constitute BDC Tax Distributions and (z)
(I) returns of amounts deposited into the Contribution Account to the Originator, which amounts were not utilized to acquire Non-Levered
Loan Assets or (II) distributions of the proceeds of the sale of a Non-Levered Loan Asset, shall, in each case, not constitute Restricted
Junior Payments. 

49 

Retained
Interest means, with respect to any Loan Asset that is transferred to a Loan Party, (a) all of the obligations, if any,
of the agent(s) under the documentation evidencing such Loan Asset and (b) the applicable portion of the interests, rights and obligations
under the documentation evidencing such Loan Asset that relate to such portion(s) of the indebtedness and interest in other obligations
that are owned by another lender. 

Revenue 
means, with respect to any Eligible Loan Assets that are Recurring Revenue Loans, the definition of annualized recurring revenue used
in the Underlying Instruments for each such Eligible Loan Asset, or any comparable term for Revenue or Adjusted Revenue 
in the Underlying Instruments for each such Eligible Loan Asset; provided that if there is no such term in the Underlying Instruments,
revenue for the related Obligor and any of its parents or Subsidiaries that are obligated with respect to such Eligible Loan Asset pursuant
to its Underlying Instruments (determined on a consolidated basis without duplication in accordance with GAAP) for the most recent four
fiscal quarter period for which financial statements have been delivered. 

Review
Criteria has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 11.02(b)(i) . 

Revolving
Loan means a loan that is a line of credit or contains an unfunded commitment arising from an extension of credit to
an Obligor, pursuant to the terms of which amounts borrowed may be repaid and subsequently reborrowed. 

Revolving
Period means the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending on the earlier to occur of (a) the Commitment Termination
Date and (b) the Facility Maturity Date. 

RFR
Banking Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for general business in London. 

S P 
means Standard Poor's Ratings Group, a Standard Poor's Financial Services LLC business (or its successors in interest). 

Sanctions 
means economic and trade sanctions administered or enforced by any of the following authorities: OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, the
European Union, Her Majesty's Treasury (United Kingdom) or the United Nations Security Council. 

Screen
Rate Replacement Event means, in relation to LIBOR (GBP): (a) the methodology, formula or other means of
determining that LIBOR (GBP) has, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower materially changed; (b)(i)(A) the
administrator of LIBOR (GBP) or its supervisor publicly announces that such administrator is insolvent or (B) information is
published in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however described, of or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange,
regulatory authority or similar administrative, regulatory or judicial body which reasonably confirms that the administrator of
LIBOR (GBP) is insolvent, provided that, in each case, at that time, there is no successor administrator to continue
to provide LIBOR (GBP) (ii) the administrator of LIBOR (GBP) publicly announces that it has ceased or will cease, to provide LIBOR
(GBP) permanently or indefinitely and, at that time, there is no successor administrator to continue to provide LIBOR (GBP) (iii)
the supervisor of the administrator of LIBOR (GBP) publicly announces that LIBOR (GBP) has been or will be permanently or
indefinitely discontinued or (iv) the administrator of LIBOR (GBP) or its supervisor announces that LIBOR (GBP) may no longer be
used; (c) the administrator of LIBOR (GBP) determines that LIBOR (GBP) should be calculated in accordance with its reduced
submissions or other contingency or fallback policies or arrangements and either: (i) the circumstance(s) or event(s) leading to
such determination are not (in the opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower) temporary or (ii) LIBOR (GBP) is calculated
in accordance with any such policy or arrangement for a period no less than 30 days; or (d) in the opinion of the Administrative
Agent and the Borrower, LIBOR (GBP) is otherwise no longer appropriate for the purposes of calculating interest under this
Agreement. 

Second Lien Loan 
means any Loan Asset (a) that is secured by a valid and perfected Lien on substantially all of the Obligor's assets constituting Related
Collateral for such Loan Asset, subject only to the prior Lien provided to secure the obligations under a first lien loan
and any other expressly permitted Liens under the Underlying Instrument for such Loan Asset, including any permitted liens 
as defined in such Underlying Instrument, or such comparable term if permitted liens is not defined therein, (b) that, except
for the express lien priority provisions under the documentation of the first lien lenders (including super priority facilities
permitted thereunder, if any), is either senior to, or pari passu with, all other Indebtedness of such Obligor, and (c) that the
Servicer determines in accordance with the Servicing Standard that the value of the Related Collateral (or the enterprise value and ability
to generate cash flow) on or about the time of origination equals or exceeds the Outstanding Balance of the Loan Asset plus the aggregate
outstanding balances of all other Indebtedness of equal or greater seniority secured by the same Related Collateral (including, without
limitation, the outstanding principal balance of the first lien loan). 

50 

Secured
Obligations has the meaning assigned to that term in Section
2.12(a) . 

Secured
Party means each of the Administrative Agent, each Lender, each Affected Party, each Indemnified Party, the Collateral
Custodian, the Collateral Agent, the Account Bank and, with respect to any expenses incurred in connection with its duties hereunder,
the Servicer. 

Securities
Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Securitization 
means any private or public term or conduit securitization transaction undertaken by any Loan Party that is secured, directly or indirectly,
primarily by Loan Assets currently or formerly owned by a Loan Party or any portion thereof or any interest therein released from the
Lien of this Agreement, including, without limitation, any collateralized loan obligation or collateralized debt obligation offering or
other asset securitization or term facility, for which Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. or an Affiliate thereof acts as an underwriter
or placement agent. 

Securitization Subsidiary 
means an entity wholly-owned by the Borrower formed for the sole purpose of owning Loan Assets in anticipation of a Securitization. For
the avoidance of doubt, no Person shall be a Securitization Subsidiary after such Person completes a Securitization and the Lien on its
Securitization Subsidiary Collateral Portfolio is released in accordance with the terms hereof. 

Securitization Subsidiary
 Collateral Portfolio means, with respect to any Securitization
Subsidiary party hereto, all right, title, and interest (whether now owned or hereafter acquired or arising, and wherever located) of
such Securitization Subsidiary in, to and under all accounts, cash and currency, chattel paper, tangible chattel paper, electronic chattel
paper, copyrights, copyright licenses, equipment, fixtures, contract rights, general intangibles, instruments, certificates of deposit,
certificated securities, uncertificated securities, financial assets, securities entitlements, commercial tort claims, deposit accounts,
inventory, investment property, letter-of-credit rights, software, supporting obligations, accessions, or other property of such Securitization
Subsidiary, including, all right, title and interest of such Securitization Subsidiary in the following (in each case excluding the Retained
Interest and the Excluded Amounts): 

(i) 
 the Loan Assets, and all monies due or to become due in payment under such Loan Assets on and after the related Cut-Off Date, including,
but not limited to, all Available Collections; 

(ii) 
 the Related Assets with respect to the Loan Assets referred to in clause (i) above; 

(iii) 
 the Controlled Accounts and all Permitted Investments purchased with funds on deposit in the Controlled Accounts; 

(iv) 
 the Assigned Documents; 

(v) 
 each Purchase and Sale Agreement; and 

(vi) 
 all income and Proceeds of the foregoing. 

The Securitization
Subsidiary Collateral Portfolio shall not include any Non-Levered
Loan Asset, the Contribution Account or the funds on deposit therein. 

51 

Securitization Subsidiary
Joinder means an agreement among the Borrower, a Securitization Subsidiary and the Administrative Agent in the form of Exhibit
N (appropriately completed) delivered in connection with a Person becoming a Securitization Subsidiary hereunder after the Closing Date. 

Securitization Subsidiary
 Purchase and Sale Agreement means each Purchase and Sale Agreement,
in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, among the Borrower, as the Seller, and the applicable
Securitization Subsidiary, as the purchaser. 

SEK 
means the lawful currency of Sweden. 

SEK
Advance means an Advance denominated in SEK. 

Senior
Leverage Ratio means, with respect to any Loan Asset (other than a Recurring Revenue Loan) for any period, the meaning
of Senior Leverage Ratio or any comparable term in the Underlying Instruments for each Loan Asset (subject to the exclusions
in the definition of Indebtedness), and in any case that Senior Leverage Ratio or such comparable term is not defined in
such Underlying Instruments, the ratio of (a) first lien senior secured (or such applicable lien or applicable level within the capital
structure) Indebtedness (including first lien last out loans) less Unrestricted Cash to (b) EBITDA, as calculated by the Servicer in
accordance with the Servicing Standard using information from and calculations consistent with the relevant compliance statements and
financial reporting packages provided by the relevant Obligor as per the requirements of the related Underlying Instruments. 

Servicer 
means, as of any date of determination, the Person then authorized, pursuant to Section
6.01 to service, administer, and collect on the Loan Assets and exercise rights and remedies in respect of the same. 

Servicer
Certificate has the meaning assigned to that term in Section
6.08(c) . 

Servicer
Default means the occurrence of any one or more of the following events: 

(a) 
 any failure by the Servicer to make any payment, transfer or deposit into the Collection Account (including with respect to bifurcation
and remittance of Interest Collections and Principal Collections) or the Unfunded Exposure Account (other than Indemnities being disputed
in good faith), as required by any Transaction Documents, which continues unremedied for a period of two (2) Business Days; 

(b) 
 any failure by the Servicer to deliver any required Servicing Report on or before the date such report is required to be made or
given under the terms of this Agreement and such failure continues unremedied for a period of two (2) Business Days; 

(c) 
 any Change of Control with respect to the Servicer, any merger of the Servicer into another Person (where the Servicer is not a
surviving entity) or any assignment of the Servicer's role without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion
shall occur; 

(d) 
 any assignment of the rights or obligations as Servicer hereunder to any Person without the prior written consent of
the Administrative Agent, which consent may be withheld by the Administrative Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; 

(e) 
 any representation, warranty or certification made by the Servicer (in each case, solely in its capacity as Servicer) in any Transaction
Document or in any certificate delivered pursuant to any Transaction Document, upon which the Administrative Agent or the Lenders have
relied to their detriment, shall prove to have been incorrect when made, which has a Material Adverse Effect and continues to be unremedied
for a period of thirty (30) days; provided that the delivery of a certificate or other report which corrects any inaccuracy contained
in a previous report or certification shall be deemed to cure such inaccuracy as of the date of delivery of such updated report or certificate
and any and all inaccuracies arising from continuation of such initial inaccurate report or certificate shall cure any breach or failure
arising therefrom as of the date of such failure; 

52 

(f) 
 except as otherwise provided in this definition of Servicer Default, any failure on the part of the Servicer (in each
case, solely in its capacity as Servicer) duly to (i) observe or perform any other covenants or agreements of the Servicer set forth in
this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents to which the Servicer is a party (including any delegation of the Servicer's duties
that is not permitted by Section 6.01 of this Agreement) or (ii) comply
with the Servicing Standard regarding the servicing of the Collateral Portfolio or any Securitization Subsidiary Collateral Portfolio,
and, in each case, the same continues unremedied for a period of five (5) Business Days (if such failure can be remedied) after the earlier
to occur of (x) the date on which written notice of such failure is given or (y) the date on which the Servicer acquires knowledge thereof; 

(g) 
 a Bankruptcy Event shall occur with respect to the Servicer; 

(h) 
 (i) the rendering of one or more judgments, decrees or orders by a court or arbitrator of competent jurisdiction for the payment
of money in excess individually or in the aggregate of 1,000,000 against the Servicer, and the Servicer shall not have either (a) discharged
or provided for the discharge of any such judgment, decree or order in accordance with its terms or (b) perfected a timely appeal of such
judgment, decree or order and caused the execution of same to be stayed during the pendency of the appeal; (ii) any action shall be legally
taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of the Servicer to enforce any such judgment; or (iii) the Servicer shall
have made payments of amounts in excess of 1,000,000 in the settlement of any litigation, claim or dispute (excluding payments actually
made from insurance proceeds); 

(i) 
 an Event of Default shall occur and be continuing; or 

(j) 
 any other event which has caused a Material Adverse Effect on the assets, liabilities, financial condition, prospects (whether
financial or otherwise), business or operations of the Servicer or the ability of the Servicer to meet its obligations under the Transaction
Documents to which it is a party. 

Servicer ERISA
Event means (a) with respect to a Pension Plan, any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA or the regulations
issued thereunder, other than events for which the thirty (30) day notice period has been waived; (b) a withdrawal by the Servicer
or any of its ERISA Affiliates from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial
employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation of operations that is treated as a termination under Section
4062(e) of ERISA; (c) the failure to satisfy the minimum funding standards (within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code or Section
302 of ERISA), whether or not waived, with respect to a Pension Plan; (d) the failure to make any required contribution to a
Multiemployer Plan; (e) the incurrence by the Servicer or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with
respect to a complete or partial withdrawal by the Servicer or any of its ERISA Affiliates from a Multiemployer Plan, written
notification of the Servicer or any of its ERISA Affiliates concerning the imposition of any withdrawal liability, as such term is
defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA, as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from a Multiemployer Plan or
written notification that a Multiemployer Plan is insolvent or is in reorganization within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA or in
 endangered or critical status (within the meaning of Section 432 of the Code or Section 305 of ERISA); (f)
an event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee
to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (g) the filing under Section 4041(c) of ERISA of a notice of intent to
terminate a Pension Plan, the treatment of a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041 or
Section 4041A of ERISA, or the receipt by the Servicer or any of its ERISA Affiliates from the PBGC of any notice relating to the
intention to terminate a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (h) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with
respect to the termination of any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan, other than for the payment of plan contributions or PBGC
premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon the Servicer or any of its ERISA Affiliates; or (i) the occurrence
of a non-exempt prohibited transaction (within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) which could result
in liability to the Servicer or any of its ERISA Affiliates. 

Servicer
Pension Plan means an employee pension benefit plan as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA, other
than a Multiemployer Plan, that is subject to Title IV of ERISA and is sponsored or maintained by the Servicer or any ERISA Affiliate
of the Servicer or to which the Servicer or any ERISA Affiliate of the Servicer contributes or has an obligation to contribute, or has
any liability (whether actual or contingent). 

53 

Servicer
Removal Notice has the meaning assigned to that term in Section
6.01(b) . 

Servicing Fee 
means the fee payable to the Servicer on each Payment Date in arrears in respect of each Remittance Period, which fee shall be equal to
the product of (a) 0.50 per annum , (b) the arithmetic mean of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Loan Assets on
the first day and on the last day of the related Remittance Period and (c) the actual number of days in such Remittance Period, divided
by 360; provided that, in the sole discretion of the Servicer, the Servicer may, from time to time, waive all or any portion
of the Servicing Fee payable on any Payment Date. 

Servicing
Report has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 6.08(b) . 

Servicing
Standard means, with respect to any Loan Assets included in the Collateral, to service and administer such Loan Assets
in accordance with Applicable Law, the terms of this Agreement, the Underlying Instruments and, to the extent consistent with the foregoing,
with the same care, skill, prudence and diligence with which the Servicer services and administers loans for its own account or for the
account of others. 

Similar
Law has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 4.01(x) . 

SLA
Threshold Amount has the meaning assigned to that term in the definition of Subject Loan Asset. 

SOFR 
with respect to any day means the secured overnight financing rate published for such day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as
the administrator of the benchmark, (or a successor administrator) on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s Website. 

Solvent 
means, as to any Person as of any date of determination, having a state of affairs such that all of the following conditions are met:
(a) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater than the amount of such Person's liabilities (including disputed, contingent
and unliquidated liabilities) as such value is established and liabilities evaluated for purposes of Section 101(32) of the Bankruptcy
Code; (b) the present fair saleable value of the property of such Person in an orderly liquidation of such Person is not less than the
amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts and other liabilities as they become absolute
and matured; (c) such Person is able to realize upon its property and pay its debts and other liabilities (including disputed, contingent
and unliquidated liabilities) as they mature in the normal course of business; (d) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe
that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Person's ability to pay as such debts and liabilities mature; and (e) such Person
is not engaged in a business or a transaction, and does not propose to engage in a business or a transaction, for which such Person's
property assets would constitute unreasonably small capital. 

Specified
Period means the period from and including June 18, 2020 to but excluding March 18, 2021. 

SONIA 
means SONIA (sterling overnight index average) reference rate displayed on the relevant screen of any authorized distributor of that reference
rate. 

SONIA
Rate means, in relation to any RFR Banking Day during a Remittance Period of a GBP Advance, the percentage rate per annum which
is the aggregate of: (a) the Daily Non-Cumulative Compounded RFR Rate for that RFR Banking Day; and (b) 0.0326 . If any day during a Remittance
Period for a GBP Advance is not an RFR Banking Day, the SONIA Rate on that GBP Advance for that day will be the rate applicable to the
immediately preceding RFR Banking Day 

Specified
Borrowing Base Deficiency means, a Borrowing Base Deficiency (i) that occurs solely as a result of a reduction in Assigned Value
for any reason other than as a result of the occurrence of a Value Adjustment Event of any of the types described clause (i) of the definition
of Assigned Value and (ii) the amount of which is less than the product of (a) 2.5 multiplied by (b) the Borrowing Base
immediately prior to such reduction in Assigned Value; provided that, if (x) the Effective Advance Rate is greater than 70.0 or (y) the
Diversity Score is less than 3, at the occurrence of such Borrowing Base Deficiency, then such Borrowing Base Deficiency shall not constitute
a Specified Borrowing Base Deficiency. 

54 

Spot Rate 
means, as of any date of determination, with respect to the conversion of any Eligible Currency (other than Dollars), (x) for an actual
currency exchange, the applicable currency Dollar spot rate obtained by the Servicer through customary banking channels including the
Collateral Custodian s own banking facilities or (y) for all other purposes, the applicable currency Dollar spot rate that appeared
on the Bloomberg screen for such currency (A) if such date is a Determination Date, at the end of such date or (B) otherwise, at the end
of the immediately preceding Business Day; provided that, solely with respect to the calculation of the Unused Fee on each day
for the related Remittance Period and for the calculation in clause (b) of the definition of Yield , the Advances Outstanding
in any Eligible Currency other than Dollars shall be converted at the foreign currency-dollar spot rate that appeared on the Bloomberg
screen for such Eligible Currency as of the Determination Date immediately preceding such day. 

Standby Investment 
means the Wells Fargo Institutional Money Market Account (Cusip 992925917). 

State 
means one of the fifty states of the United States or the District of Columbia. 

Stated Maturity 
means April 12, 2026. 

STIBOR 
means for any day during a Remittance Period, with respect to any SEK Advance (or portion thereof), the rate per annum (carried out to
the fifth decimal place) equal to the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the offered rate that appears on the Bloomberg
screen page or any applicable successor or substitute page providing rate quotations comparable to those currently provided on such page
of such service equal to the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the offered rate that appears on at approximately 11:00
a.m. (Stockholm, Sweden time) on such day for deposits in SEK with a term equivalent to one month; provided that if such rate is not available
at any such time for any reason, STIBOR with respect to any SEK Advance shall be the rate at which SEK deposits of SEK5,000,000
and for a one-month maturity are offered by the principal Stockholm office of any bank (which may be the Administrative Agent) reasonable
selected by the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds at approximately 11:00 a.m. (Stockholm time) on the applicable day
(or, if such day is not a Business Day, on the immediately preceding Business Day); provided, further that, in the event that the rate
as so determined above shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. STIBOR shall always
be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest effort. 

Structured Finance
Obligation means any obligation of a special purpose vehicle secured directly by, referenced to, or representing ownership of,
a pool of receivables or other assets, including collateralized debt obligations and single asset repackages. 

Subject
Loan Asset means, as of any date of determination during the Specified Period, (I) any Eligible Loan
Asset (a) with respect to which one or more Qualifying Value Adjustment Events have occurred and (b) with an origination date prior
to the Specified Period or (II) any other Eligible Loan Asset designated as a Subject Loan Asset by the Borrower with the consent of
the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion; provided that, (i) subject to clause
(ii) , if, during the Specified Period, the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Subject Loan Assets exceeds
50.0 of the sum of (x) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Loan Assets plus (y) aggregate Principal
Collections on deposit in the Controlled Accounts as of such date (the sum of clauses (x) and (y) ,
the SLA Threshold Amount ), and subsequently is reduced to an amount less than
50.0 of the SLA Threshold Amount, then additional Eligible Loan Assets satisfying the requirements of this definition may be
designated as Subject Loan Assets in the order in which the related Qualifying Value Adjustment Events occur with respect to such
Loan Assets, in each case, at the discretion of the Borrower, (ii) if on any date of determination, multiple Eligible Loan Assets
become subject to Qualifying Value Adjustments Events on the same date of determination such that the aggregate Outstanding Balance
of all Subject Loan Assets would exceed 50.0 of the SLA Threshold Amount, then (A) the Borrower shall determine which such Eligible
Loan Assets will constitute Subject Loan Assets so long as the Borrower provides the Administrative Agent with written notice of
such determination within three (3) Business Day of the date on which the Borrower provides the Administrative Agent with notice of
the related Qualifying Value Adjustment Event in respect of the Loan Asset it wishes to designate as a Subject Loan Asset
pursuant to this clause (ii)(A) and (B) otherwise, the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, shall determine which such
Eligible Loan Assets will constitute Subject Loan Assets and (iii) in the event that a portion of any single Eligible Loan Asset
would cause the aggregate amount of Subject Loan Assets by Outstanding Balance to exceed 50 of the SLA Threshold Amount, only the
portion of such Eligible Loan Asset not in excess of 50 of the SLA Threshold Amount shall be deemed to be a Subject Loan Asset. 

55 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if, during the Specified Period, the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Subject Loan Assets exceeds 50.0 of the SLA
Threshold Amount, the Borrower may elect that one or more Subject Loan Assets no longer be classified as a Subject Loan Asset (although
such designated Subject Loan Assets will remain subject to the decreased Advance Rate per the definition thereof); provided that
(i) upon such election, the Administrative Agent may amend the Assigned Value for such Eligible Loan Asset in its sole discretion and
(ii) the Borrower shall only be permitted to make such election in the order in which such Loan Assets were designated Subject Loan Assets
beginning with the most recent such designation and in sequential order thereafter. At any time during the Specified Period, if the aggregate
Outstanding Balance of all Subject Loan Assets is less than 50.0 of the SLA Threshold Amount, a Loan Asset that was previously a Subject
Loan Asset prior to being re-designated by the Borrower pursuant to this paragraph may, at the Borrower s election, be classified
as a Subject Loan Asset again (for the avoidance of doubt, such Loan Asset would retain its then-current Assigned Value at the time of
its re-designation as a Subject Loan Asset). 

Subsidiary 
means with respect to a Person, a corporation, partnership or other entity of which shares of stock or other ownership interests having
ordinary voting power (other than stock or such other ownership interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency)
to elect a majority of the board of directors or other managers of such corporation, partnership or other entity are at the time owned,
or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. 

Substitute
Eligible Loan Asset means each Eligible Loan Asset Granted by a Loan Party to the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the
Secured Parties, pursuant to Section 2.07(c)(ii) . 

Synthetic Security 
means a security or swap transaction that has payments associated with either payments of interest and/or principal on a reference obligation
or the credit performance of a reference obligation. 

Target Portfolio
Amount means, 120,000,000. 

Tax Expense Cap 
means, for any Payment Date, a per annum amount equal to 50,000. 

Taxes 
means any present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), charges, assessments
or fees of any nature (including interest, penalties, and additions thereto) that are imposed by any Governmental Authority. 

Term
SOFR means, for the applicable Corresponding Tenor as of the applicable Reference Time, the forward-looking term rate
based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. 

Termination/Reduction
Notice means each notice required to be delivered by the Borrower in respect of any termination of this Agreement or any permanent
reduction of the Facility Amount, in the form of Exhibit F . 

Total
Leverage Ratio means, with respect to any Loan Asset (other than a Recurring Revenue Loan) for any period, the meaning
of Total Leverage Ratio or any comparable term in the Underlying Instruments for each Loan Asset (subject to the exclusions
in the definition of Indebtedness), and in any case that Total Leverage Ratio or such comparable term is not defined in such
Underlying Instruments, the ratio of (a) Indebtedness less Unrestricted Cash, to (b) EBITDA, as calculated by the Servicer in
accordance with the Servicing Standard using information from and calculations consistent with the relevant compliance statements and
financial reporting packages provided by the relevant Obligor as per the requirements of the related Underlying Instruments. 

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, any Assignment and Acceptance, each Purchase and Sale Agreement, each Control Agreement,
each Securitization Subsidiary Joinder, the Pledge Agreement, the Wells Fargo Fee Letter, each Lender Fee Letter and each document, instrument
or agreement related to any of the foregoing. 

56 

U.S. Tax Compliance
Certificate has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 2.11(g)(i)c. 

UCC 
means the Uniform Commercial Code as from time to time in effect in the specified jurisdiction. 

Unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement (Dollar) excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment with respect
thereto. 

Underlying Instruments 
means the loan agreement, credit agreement or other agreement pursuant to which a Loan Asset has been issued or created and each other
agreement that governs the terms of or secures the obligations represented by such Loan Asset or of which the holders of such Loan Asset
are the beneficiaries. 

Unfunded Exposure
Account means, collectively, (i) a trust account (account number 82612107 at the Account Bank) entitled Unfunded Exposure
Account, in the name of the Borrower subject to the lien and control of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties
and (ii) each trust account established for a Securitization Subsidiary in the name of the Collateral Agent and under the sole dominion
and control of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties (it being understood, however, that the Servicer shall be able
to request distributions and releases therefrom in accordance herewith); provided that the funds deposited therein (including any
interest and earnings thereon) from time to time shall constitute the property and assets of the applicable Loan Party and such Loan Party
shall be solely liable for any Taxes payable with respect to the Unfunded Exposure Account. 

Unfunded
Exposure Amount means, as of any date of determination, with respect to a Delayed Draw Loan Asset, an amount equal to
the aggregate amount of all unfunded commitments associated with such Loan Asset as of such date. 

Unfunded Exposure
Amount Shortfall has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 2.02(f) . 

Unfunded Exposure
Equity Amount means, on any date of determination, an amount equal to: 

(i) for
all Eligible Loan Assets which have any unfunded commitments, the aggregate sum of the products of (a) the Unfunded Exposure Amount for
each such Eligible Loan Asset multiplied by (b) the difference of (x) 100 minus (y) the Advance Rate for each such Eligible
Loan Asset; 

plus 

(ii) for
all Eligible Loan Assets which have any unfunded commitments, the aggregate sum of the products of (a) (x) 100 minus the Assigned
Value for each such Loan Asset multiplied by (y) the Unfunded Exposure Amount of each such Loan Asset multiplied by (b)
the Advance Rate for each such Eligible Loan Asset. 

United
States means the United States of America. 

United
States Tax Person means a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 

Unitranche
Loan means any Loan Asset (a) that is secured by a valid and perfected first priority Lien on substantially all of the
Obligor s assets constituting Related Collateral for such Loan Asset, subject to expressly permitted Liens, including any permitted
liens as defined in the Underlying Instrument for such Loan Asset or such comparable definition if permitted liens 
is not defined therein and (b) that provides that the payment obligation of the Obligor on such Loan Asset is either senior to, or pari
passu with, all other indebtedness of such Obligor; provided that any Loan Asset that would otherwise constitute a First Lien
Loan but for clause (e) of the definition thereof shall constitute a First Lien Loan and any Loan Asset that would satisfy the
definition of both Unitranche Loan and First Lien Loan shall constitute a First Lien Loan. 

Unmatured
Event of Default means any event that, if it continues uncured, will, with lapse of time, notice or lapse of time and
notice, constitute an Event of Default. 

57 

Unrestricted Cash 
means, (a) with respect to any Loan Asset, the meaning of Unrestricted Cash or any comparable term in the Underlying Instruments
for the applicable Loan Asset and (b) in any case that Unrestricted Cash or such comparable term is not defined in such Underlying
Instruments or otherwise as applicable in this Agreement, cash and cash equivalents of the applicable Person available for use for general
corporate purposes and not held in any reserve account or legally or contractually restricted for any particular purposes or uses. 

Unused
Fee has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 2.09 . 

Unused
Fee Rate means (a) during the Ramp-Up Period, a rate equal to 0.25 per annum and ,
 (b) thereafter during
the period after the Ninth Amendment Effective Date and before November 30 2021, a rate equal to 0.25 per annum , and (c) other
than during the period described in clause (b) of this definition, after the Ramp-Up Period , a rate equal to 0.50 per
annum . 

Valuation Firm 
means the nationally recognized accounting firm or valuation firm chosen in accordance with the definition of Approved Valuation Firm. 

Valuation Standard 
means a standard that will be satisfied if an Approved Valuation Firm uses one or a combination of credit-based methodologies that are
generally acceptable in the market as commercially reasonable practices to derive a fair assessment of the current market fair 
value of an Eligible Loan Asset; provided that such assessment shall take into consideration, but not be limited to, the following: 

(a) 
 the financial performance and outlook of the Obligor of such Eligible Loan Asset; 

(b) 
 a fundamental analysis to value the Obligor of such Eligible Loan Asset which may be based on discounted cash flow and a multiples-based
approach based on comparable companies in the relevant sector or another generally accepted methodology for valuing companies in the relevant
sector; and 

(c) 
 any other facts or circumstances deemed relevant by the Approved Valuation Firm, including such facts and circumstances that constitute
the basis for a Value Adjustment Event with respect to such Eligible Loan Asset, if applicable. 

Value
Adjustment Event means, with respect to any Loan Asset, the occurrence of any one or more of the following events after
the related Cut-Off Date: 

(a) 
 (i) the Cash Interest Coverage Ratio with respect to such Loan Asset on any date reported under the Underlying Instrument decreases
by more than 20.0 from the Cash Interest Coverage Ratio as calculated on the applicable Cut-Off Date, (ii) the Total Leverage Ratio with
respect to such Loan Asset (other than in the case of a Recurring Revenue Loan) on any date reported under the Underlying Instrument increases
by more than 20.0 from the same Total Leverage Ratio as calculated on the applicable Cut-Off Date, or (iii) in the case of any Recurring
Revenue Loan, the Debt-to-Recurring-Revenue Ratio with respect to such Loan Asset on any date reported under the Underlying Instrument
increases by more than 20.0 from the Debt-to-Recurring-Revenue Ratio calculated on the applicable Cut-Off Date; 

(b) 
 an Obligor payment default, other than in respect of expenses, occurs under such Loan Asset that continues and has not been cured
after giving effect to any grace period applicable thereto; 

(c) 
 any payment default, other than in respect of expenses, occurs under any other senior or pari passu obligation for borrowed
money of the related Obligor; 

(d) 
 a Bankruptcy Event with respect to the related Obligor (after giving effect to any applicable grace or cure period thereunder); 

58 

(e) 
 the related Obligor fails to deliver to the Borrower or the Servicer any financial reporting information (i) as required by the
Underlying Instruments of such Loan Asset (after giving effect to any applicable grace or cure period thereunder) and (ii) with a frequency
of at least quarterly; provided that such financial reporting information shall be provided no later than (A) with respect to quarterly
financial information for the first, second or third quarter of any fiscal year, (I) for the first and second quarters of fiscal year
2020, ninety (90) days after the end of each such quarter, and (II) thereafter, sixty (60) days after the end of each quarter, and (B)
with respect to annual financial information for any fiscal year, (I) for the fiscal year ending on December 31, 2019, two hundred and
ten (210) days after the end of such fiscal year, but only if unaudited financial reporting is delivered prior to the date that is one
hundred and eighty (180) days following the end of such fiscal year, and otherwise, one hundred and eighty (180) days after the end of
such fiscal year and (II) thereafter, one hundred and twenty eighty 120 180 days after
the end of each fiscal year (in each case, unless waived or otherwise agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion in
writing); 

(f) 
 the occurrence of a Material Modification not previously approved in writing by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion
with respect to such Loan Asset; 

(g) 
 with respect to any Recurring Revenue Loan, the related Obligor s last quarter annualized
Revenue is less than the minimum covenant, if any, specified in the Underlying Instrument any
additional Value Adjustment Event as determined by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion with written notice thereof provided
to the Servicer and specified in the applicable Approval Notice (and which is signed by the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower); provided 
that if the Servicer has not signed such Approval Notice then such Recurring Revenue Loan shall be deemed to have not been approved by
the Administrative Agent ; or 

(h) 
 the Servicer determines that all or a material portion of such Loan Asset is uncollectible or otherwise places it on non-accrual
status in accordance with the policies and procedures of the Servicer and the Servicing Standard. 

Warranty
Breach Event means, as to any Loan Asset, (a) the discovery that, as of the related Cut-Off Date, such Loan Asset did
not satisfy the definition of Eligible Loan Asset or there otherwise existed a breach of any representation or warranty relating
to such Loan Asset or (b) the applicable Loan Party fails to satisfy Section
3.02(a)(ii) or Section 3.04(b) , as applicable, with respect to
such Loan Asset. 

Warranty
Breach Loan Asset means any Loan Asset with respect to which a Warranty Breach Event has occurred. 

Weighted Average
Advance Rate means, as of any date of determination with respect to all Eligible Loan Assets included in the Aggregate Adjusted
Borrowing Value, the number obtained by (a) summing the products obtained by multiplying (i) the Advance Rate of each Eligible
Loan Asset by (ii) such Eligible Loan Asset's contribution to the Aggregate Adjusted Borrowing Value and dividing (b) such sum
by the Aggregate Adjusted Borrowing Value. 

Weighted Average
Life means, as of any date of determination, the number obtained by (a) for each Eligible Loan Asset, multiplying the
amount of each scheduled distribution of principal to be paid after such determination date by the number of years (rounded to
the nearest hundredth) from such determination date until such scheduled distribution of principal is due; (b) summing all of the
products calculated pursuant to clause (a) above; and (c) dividing the sum calculated pursuant to clause (b) above
 by the sum of all scheduled distributions of principal due on all the Eligible Loan Assets as of such determination date. 

59 

Weighted Average
Life Test means a test that will be satisfied on any date of determination if the Weighted Average Life of all Eligible Loan
Assets as of such date is less than or equal to nine (9) years minus the number of years (rounded to the nearest quarter year)
that have elapsed since the later of (a) the Closing Date and (b) the most recent facility renewal date, if applicable. 

Wells Fargo Fee Letter 
means the Wells Fargo Fee Schedule, dated as of November 29, 2018, agreed to by the Borrower. 

Yield 
means the sum of the following, payable on each Payment Date: 

(a) 
 with respect to any previously ended Remittance Period and each Eligible Currency, the sum for each day in such Remittance Period
of amounts determined in accordance with the following formula (but only to the extent that such amounts were not previously paid to the
Lenders): 

YR x L 
D 

where: YR 
 = 
 the Yield Rate applicable to such Advance on such day during such Remittance Period; 

L 
 = 
 the outstanding principal amount of such Advance on such day; and 

D 
 = 
 360 or, to the extent that the Yield Rate is the Benchmark Replacement
 (Dollar) or Replacement Benchmark (GBP) , the number of days in the accounting year applicable to such Benchmark Replacement
 (Dollar) or Replacement Benchmark (GBP), as applicable ; 

plus 

(b) 
 with respect to any previously ended Remittance Period and each Eligible Currency, the sum for each day in such Remittance Period
of amounts determined in accordance with the following formula (but only to the extent that such amounts were not previously paid to the
Lenders): 

AM x L 
D 

60 

where: AM 
 = 
 the Applicable Margin applicable on such day; 

L 
 = 
 the
greater of (a) the Minimum Utilization minus the Advances Outstanding on such day, and (b) 0; and 

D 
 = 
 360
 or, to the extent that the Yield Rate is the Benchmark Replacement (Dollar) or Replacement Benchmark
(GBP), the number of days in the accounting year applicable to such Benchmark Replacement (Dollar) or Replacement Benchmark (GBP), as
applicable ; 

provided that (i) no provision of this
Agreement shall require the payment or permit the collection of Yield in excess of the maximum permitted by Applicable Law and (ii) Yield
shall not be considered paid by any distribution if at any time such distribution is later required to be rescinded by the Lender to the
Borrower or any other Person for any reason including, such distribution becoming void or otherwise avoidable under any statutory provision
or common law or equitable action, including, any provision of the Bankruptcy Code. 

Yield
Rate means, for any Advance in any Eligible Currency, as of any date of determination during any Remittance Period applicable
to such Advance, an interest rate per annum equal to the Benchmark on such date plus the Applicable Margin. 

Zero-Coupon Obligation 
means any loan that, at the time of purchase, does not by its terms provide for the payment of cash interest. 

Section 1.02 
 Other Terms . 

(a) All capitalized terms used which are not specifically defined shall have the meanings provided in Article 9 of the UCC in effect
on the date hereof to the extent the same are used or defined therein. 

(b) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance
with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; provided that, if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests
an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date hereof in GAAP or in the application
thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an
amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP
or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before
such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. 

Section 1.03 
 Computation of Time Periods . Unless otherwise stated in this Agreement, in the computation of a period of time from a specified
date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including and the words to and until 
each mean to but excluding. 

61 

Section 1.04 
 Interpretation . 

In each Transaction Document,
unless a contrary intention appears: 

(a) The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. 

(b) Whenever
the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. 

(c) The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without
limitation. 

(d) The
word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. 

(e) The word law shall be construed as referring to all statutes, rules, regulations, codes and other laws (including official
rulings and interpretations thereunder having the force of law or with which affected Persons customarily comply), and all judgments,
orders and decrees, of all Governmental Authorities. 

(f) Unless
the context requires otherwise (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed
as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as amended, modified, supplemented, restated or replaced from time to time
in accordance with the terms thereof (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, modifications, supplements, restatements or replacements
set forth herein), (ii) any definition of or reference to any statute, rule or regulation shall be construed as referring thereto as
from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (including by succession of comparable successor laws), (iii) any reference
herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person's successors and assigns (subject to any restrictions on assignment set
forth herein) and, in the case of any Governmental Authority, any other Governmental Authority that shall have succeeded to any or all
functions thereof, (iv) the words herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import, shall
be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (v) all references herein to Articles,
Sections, Exhibits, Annexes and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits, Annexes and Schedules
to, this Agreement and (vi) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect
and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 

(g) Unless
expressly stated otherwise, any decision, consent, approval, waiver or other determination to be made at the discretion of the Administrative
Agent (or any Lender) shall be in its sole discretion. 

(h) All
calculations required to be made hereunder with respect to the Loan Assets and the Borrowing Base shall be made on a trade date basis. 

62 

(i) Reference to any time means New York, New York time (unless expressly specified otherwise). 

(j) Any
reference to close of business means 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time. 

(k) Other than as set forth herein, any use of the term knowledge or actual knowledge in this Agreement shall
mean actual knowledge of a Responsible Officer after reasonable inquiry. 

(l) For purposes of this Agreement, an Event of Default or Servicer Default shall be deemed to be continuing until it is waived in
accordance with Section 12.01(a) or cured in accordance with the terms hereof. 

(m) Any
and all calculations herein with respect to the Loan Assets and all determinations as to whether an Loan Asset is an Eligible Loan Asset
shall be made on the basis of information (as to the terms of the Underlying Instruments with respect to each such Loan Asset) and upon
reports of payments, if any, received on such Loan Asset that are furnished by or on behalf of the Obligor of such Loan Asset and, to
the extent they are not manifestly in error, such information or reports may be conclusively relied upon by the Borrower, the Servicer
and the Originator in making such calculations and determinations. 

(n) For
all purposes of this Agreement with respect to the calculation of EBITDA, Cash Interest Coverage Ratio, Debt-to-Recurring-Revenue Ratio,
Revenue, Senior Leverage Ratio or Total Leverage Ratio at any time, each such calculation shall be made utilizing the most recent financial
information and calculations for the testing period required to be reported pursuant to the Underlying Instruments of the Obligors received
by the Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf) and such calculation of EBITDA, Cash Interest Coverage Ratio, Debt-to-Recurring-Revenue
Ratio, Senior Leverage Ratio or Total Leverage Ratio shall be deemed to remain the same for each day of such testing period (unless otherwise
specified, in each case, by the Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf)). 

(o) The
Obligations shall be joint and several obligations of each Loan Party in all respects. 

Section 1.05 
 Currency Conversion . For purposes of (i) complying with any requirement of this Agreement stated in Dollars and (ii) calculating
any ratio or other test set forth in this Agreement, the amount of any Loan Asset denominated in an Eligible Currency other than Dollars
shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of such amount of such Eligible Currency. 

Section 1.06 Computation
of Covenants . Unless otherwise expressly stated in this Agreement, if at any time any change in generally accepted accounting principles
(including the adoption of IFRS) would affect the computation of a Value Adjustment Event or Material Modification, Borrower and Administrative
Agent shall negotiate in good faith to amend such covenant to preserve the original intent in light of such change; provided ,
that, until so amended, such term shall continue to be computed in accordance with the application of generally accepted accounting principles
prior to such change. 

63 

ARTICLE
II 

THE FACILITY 

Section 2.01 
 Advances . 

(a) Advances .
From time to time from the Closing Date until the end of the Revolving Period, the Borrower may request that the Lenders make Advances
secured by the Collateral, in an aggregate amount up to the Availability as of such date, to the Borrower (or to a Securitization Subsidiary
as directed by the Borrower) for the purpose of (x) purchasing Eligible Loan Assets, (y) depositing funds in the Unfunded Exposure Account
in an amount up to the Unfunded Exposure Amount of the related Delayed Draw Loan Asset or (z) making a distribution of such amounts to
the holders of the membership interests of the Borrower. Under no circumstances shall any Lender be required to make any Advance if after
giving effect to such Advance and the addition to the Collateral of the Eligible Loan Assets being acquired by the Borrower using the
proceeds of such Advance, (i) an Event of Default exists or would result therefrom or (ii) a Borrowing Base Deficiency exists or would
result therefrom. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Lender shall be obligated to provide the Borrower with aggregate
funds in connection with an Advance that would exceed such Lender's unused Commitment then in effect. 

(b) Promissory
Note . Upon the request of any Lender, the Borrower shall promptly execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note of the Borrower
(in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) evidencing the Advances of such Lender with appropriate
insertions as to the date and principal amount. 

(c) Borrowing Base Certificate . On each Reporting Date, the Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf) will provide a Borrowing
Base Certificate, updated as of such date, to the Administrative Agent and each Lender (with a copy to the Collateral Agent). On the Business
Day immediately following receipt of notice by the Administrative Agent that the Assigned Value of an Eligible Loan Asset is changed,
the Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf) will deliver an adjusted Borrowing Base Certificate to the Administrative Agent and each
Lender. 

Section 2.02 
 Procedure for Advances . 

(a) During
the Revolving Period, the Lenders will make Advances on any Funding Business Day at the request of the Borrower, subject to and in accordance
with the terms and conditions of Sections 2.01 and 2.02 and subject to the provisions of Article III hereof. 

64 

(b) For
each Advance, the Borrower shall deliver an irrevocable written notice in the form of a Notice of Borrowing to the Administrative
Agent and each Lender, with a copy to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Custodian, no later than noon on (i) the proposed
Advance Date for Dollar Advances, (ii) the Funding Business Day prior to the proposed Advance Date for CAD Advances, Euro Advances
and GBP Advances (or such shorter period as agreed to from time to time by the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders) and , (iii)
the Funding Business Day two (2) Funding Business Days prior to the proposed Advance Date for AUD Advances and
(iv) the Funding Business Day two (2) Funding Business Days prior to the proposed Advance Rate for CHF Advances, DKK
Advances, NOK Advances, SEK Advances;; provided that, if such Notice of Borrowing is delivered later than noon, in the case
of an Advance made in Dollars, such Notice of Borrowing shall be deemed to have been received on the following Funding Business Day.
Each Notice of Borrowing shall include a duly completed Borrowing Base Certificate (updated to the date such Advance is requested
and giving pro forma effect to the Advance requested and the use of the proceeds thereof) and an updated Loan Asset Schedule,
and shall specify: 

(i) the
proposed aggregate amount of such Advance; provided that the amount of such Advance must be at least equal to the Dollar Equivalent
of 500,000 in such Eligible Currency; 

(ii) 
 the proposed date of such Advance; 

(iii) 
 a representation that all conditions precedent for an Advance described in Article III hereof have been satisfied; provided
 that, in connection with any Notice of Borrowing in respect of the acquisition by the Borrower of a loan asset constituting a newly
originated loan, where the related Advance is to be remitted to the Principal Collection Subaccount, the conditions set forth in Section
3.02(a)(ii) shall not apply, excepting that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the requirements set forth in the proviso of Section
3.02(a)(ii) shall apply; 

(iv) the
amount of cash that will be funded by the Originator into the Unfunded Exposure Account in connection with any Delayed Draw Loan Asset
funded by such Advance, if applicable; 

(v) whether
such Advance should be remitted to the Principal Collection Subaccount, the Unfunded Exposure Account, or (subject to completion of customary
 know your customer and anti-money laundering and sanctions diligence), the account of the Originator or a Securitization
Subsidiary; and 

(vi) the
proposed Eligible Currency of such Advance. 

On the date of each Advance,
upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Article III , each Lender shall, in accordance with the Notice of Borrowing,
either make available to the Borrower, by (A) if the related Notice of Borrowing was delivered at least one Funding Business Day prior
to such date, 2:00 p.m., New York City time, and (B) if the related Notice of Borrowing was delivered on such date, no later than the
close of business on such date, (x) an amount equal to such Lender's Pro Rata Share of such Advance, for deposit by the Collateral Agent
into the Principal Collection Subaccount or (y) an amount equal to such Lender's Pro Rata Share of such Advance, for deposit by the Collateral
Agent into the Unfunded Exposure Account, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, each Advance and related increase in the Advances
Outstanding shall be allocated ratably to each Lender in accordance with their respective Lender's Pro Rata Share as in effect before
such increase. Any Lender which fails to remit its Pro Rata Share in connection with any Advance in accordance with this Section 2.02 
shall constitute a Defaulting Lender, and the Borrower shall have all rights available to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.19 . 

65 

(c) Each
Advance shall bear interest at the applicable Yield Rate. 

(d) Subject to Section 2.16 and the other terms, conditions, provisions and limitations set forth herein (including, the payment
of the Prepayment Premium, as applicable), the Borrower may borrow, repay or prepay and reborrow Advances without any penalty, fee or
premium on and after the Closing Date and prior to the end of the Revolving Period. 

(e) The
obligation of each Lender to remit its Pro Rata Share of any Advance shall be several from that of each other Lender and the failure
of any Lender to so make such amount available to the Borrower shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation hereunder. 

(f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein (including, without limitation, the existence of an Unmatured Event of Default
or a Borrowing Base Deficiency), if, on the last day of the Revolving Period, the amount on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account is
less than the Aggregate Unfunded Exposure Amount, the Borrower shall request an Advance in the amount of such shortfall (the Unfunded
Exposure Amount Shortfall ). Following receipt of a Notice of Borrowing (which shall specify the account details of the Unfunded
Exposure Account where the funds will be made available), each Lender shall fund its Pro Rata Share of such Unfunded Exposure Amount Shortfall
in accordance with Section 2.02(b) , notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein (including, without limitation, the Borrower s
failure to satisfy any of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 3.02 other than an Event of Default. 

Section 2.03 
 Determination of Yield . The Administrative Agent shall determine the Yield in respect of all Advances (including unpaid
Yield related thereto, if any, due and payable on a prior Payment Date) to be paid by the Borrower on each Payment Date for the related
Remittance Period and shall advise the Servicer thereof on or prior to the fifth (5th) Business Day prior to such Payment Date. 

Section 2.04 
 Remittance Procedures . The Servicer shall instruct the Collateral Agent by delivery of the Servicing Report and, if the
Servicer fails to do so, the Administrative Agent may instruct the Collateral Agent, to apply funds on deposit in the Controlled Accounts,
subject to Pari Passu Provisions, as described in this Section 2.04 ; provided that, at any time after delivery of a Notice
of Exclusive Control, the Administrative Agent shall instruct the Collateral Agent to apply funds on deposit in the Controlled Accounts
as described in this Section 2.04 . 

(a) Interest
Payments prior to an Event of Default . Prior to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent becoming aware of the occurrence of an Event
of Default or prior to the occurrence of the Facility Maturity Date, on each Payment Date, the Collateral Agent shall (as directed pursuant
to the first paragraph of this Section 2.04 (x) transfer all
Interest Collections in all Interest Collection Accounts to the Interest Collection Account of the Borrower (such transfer constituting
a deemed dividend of all such amounts by each such Securitization Subsidiary to the Borrower in proportion with its percentage ownership
of the outstanding shares of such Securitization Subsidiary) and (y) transfer Interest Collections held by the Account Bank in the Collection
Account, in accordance with the Servicing Report, to the following Persons in the following amounts, calculated as of the most recent
Determination Date, and priority: 

66 

(i) to
the payment of Taxes, registration and filing fees then due and owing by the Borrower that are attributable solely to the operations
of the Borrower; provided that the aggregate amounts payable under this clause (i) shall not exceed the Tax Expense
Cap; 

(ii) 
 to the payment of accrued and unpaid Administrative Expenses; provided that the aggregate amounts payable under this clause
(ii) shall not exceed the Administrative Expense Cap; 

(iii) 
 to the Servicer, in payment in full of all accrued and unpaid Servicing Fees; 

(iv) 
 pro rata , in accordance with the amounts due under this clause (iv) , to each Lender, all Yield, the Unused Fee, and
any Breakage Fees that are accrued and unpaid as of the last day of the related Remittance Period; 

(v) to
pay the Advances Outstanding to the extent necessary to eliminate any outstanding Borrowing Base Deficiency on a pro forma basis
after giving effect to all payments through this clause (v) ; 

(vi) pro
rata , to each Lender and the Administrative Agent, as applicable, all accrued and unpaid fees, expenses (including attorneys' fees,
costs and expenses), Increased Costs and indemnity amounts payable by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or any Lender under the
Transaction Documents; 

(vii) to
pay the Advances Outstanding, together with any applicable Prepayment Premium not paid pursuant to Section 2.04(b)(iii) , in connection
with any complete refinancing or termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 2.16(b) , until paid in full; 

(viii) to the payment of any Administrative Expenses, to the extent not paid pursuant to clause (ii) above due to the limitation
contained therein; 

(ix) to pay to the Servicer, all reasonable expenses incurred in connection with the performance of its duties under the Transaction
Documents; 

(x) to pay to the Valuation Firm all accrued and unpaid fees and expenses; 

(xi) 
 to pay any BDC Tax Distribution; and 

(xii) so long as, to the Administrative Agent s, Servicer s and Borrower s knowledge, no Unmatured Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing, to the Borrower, any remaining amounts as Interest Collections. 

67 

(b) Principal
Payments prior to an Event of Default . Prior to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent becoming aware of the occurrence of an Event
of Default or prior to the occurrence of the Facility Maturity Date, on each Payment Date the Collateral Agent shall (as directed pursuant
to the first paragraph of this Section 2.04 (x) transfer all Principal Collections in all Principal Collections Accounts to the
Principal Collections Account of the Borrower (such transfer constituting a deemed dividend of all such amounts by each such Securitization
Subsidiary to the Borrower in proportion with its percentage ownership of the outstanding shares of such Securitization Subsidiary) and
(y) transfer Principal Collections held by the Account Bank in the Collection Account, in accordance with the Servicing Report, to the
following Persons in the following amounts, calculated as of the most recent Determination Date, and priority: 

(i) to
pay amounts due under Section 2.04(a)(i) through Section 2.04(a)(v) , to the extent not paid thereunder; 

(ii) (x)
prior to the end of the Revolving Period (at the discretion of the Servicer), to the Unfunded Exposure Account in an amount necessary
to cause the amount on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account to equal the Aggregate Unfunded Exposure Amount; or (y) after the end
of the Revolving Period, to the Unfunded Exposure Account in an amount necessary to cause the amount on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure
Account to equal the Aggregate Unfunded Exposure Amount; 

(iii) (A) during the Revolving Period, to pay amounts due under Section 2.04(a)(v) but only to the extent not paid in full thereunder
and to the extent necessary to eliminate any outstanding Borrowing Base Deficiency, on a pro forma basis after giving effect to
all payments through this clause (iii) ; or (B) during the Amortization Period, to repay the Advances Outstanding and any accrued
and unpaid Prepayment Premium until paid in full; 

(iv) to
the payment of any Administrative Expenses, to the extent not paid pursuant to clause (i) ; 

(v) to
pay amounts due under Section 2.04(a)(ix) to the extent not paid thereunder; 

(vi) to
pay amounts due under Section 2.04(a)(x) to the extent not paid thereunder; 

(vii) to pay any BDC Tax Distribution: and 

(viii) so
long as, to the Administrative Agent s, Servicer s and Borrower s knowledge, no Unmatured Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing, to the Borrower any remaining amounts. 

68 

(c) Payment
on and after the occurrence of an Event of Default . If the Borrower or the Administrative Agent have become aware that an Event
of Default exists and, in any case, after the declaration, or automatic occurrence, of the Facility Maturity Date, on each Business
Day thereafter the Collateral Agent shall (as directed pursuant to the first paragraph of this Section 2.04 (x) transfer all
collected funds held in all Collection Accounts to the Borrower Collection Account (such transfer constituting (provided such
Securitization Subsidiary is able to pay its debts as they fall due immediately after such transfer) a deemed dividend of all such
amounts by each such Securitization Subsidiary to the Borrower in proportion with its percentage ownership of the outstanding shares
of such Securitization Subsidiary) and (y) transfer collected funds held by the Account Bank in the Collection Account to the
following Persons in the following amounts, calculated as of the prior Business Day, and priority: 

(i) to the payment of Taxes, registration and filing fees then due and owing by the Borrower that are attributable solely to the operations
of the Borrower; provided that the aggregate amounts payable under this clause (i) shall not exceed the Tax Expense Cap; 

(ii) 
 to the payment of accrued and unpaid Administrative Expenses (excluding indemnities); 

(iii) 
 to the Servicer, in payment in full of all accrued and unpaid Servicing Fees but only to the extent that the Servicer is not an
Affiliate of the Borrower, the Originator or GC Advisors LLC; 

(iv) pro
rata , in accordance with the amounts due under this clause (iv) , to each Lender, all Yield, the Unused Fee, and any Breakage
Fees that are accrued and unpaid as of the last day of the related Remittance Period; 

(v) pro
rata , to each Lender and the Administrative Agent, as applicable, all accrued and unpaid fees, expenses (including attorneys' fees,
costs and expenses), Increased Costs and indemnity amounts payable by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or any Lender under the
Transaction Documents; 

(vi) to
pay the Advances Outstanding and any applicable Prepayment Premium until paid in full; 

(vii) to
the payment of any Administrative Expenses, to the extent not paid pursuant to clause (ii) above due to the limitation contained
therein; 

(viii) to the Servicer, in payment in full of all accrued and unpaid Servicing Fees to the extent not paid pursuant to clause (iii) 
above due to the limitation contained therein; 

(ix) to
the Servicer, all reasonable expenses incurred in connection with the performance of its duties under the Transaction Documents; 

(x) to pay to the Approved Valuation Firm all accrued and unpaid fees and expenses; and 

(xi) 
 to the Borrower, any remaining amounts. 

69 

(d) Unfunded
Exposure Account; Delayed Draw Loan Assets . Funds on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account as of any date of determination
may be withdrawn to fund draw requests of the relevant Obligors under any Delayed Draw Loan Asset. Any such draw request made by an
Obligor, along with wiring instructions for the applicable Obligor, shall be forwarded by the Borrower or the Servicer to the
Collateral Agent (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) in the form of a Disbursement Request, and the Collateral Agent shall
instruct the Account Bank to fund such draw request in accordance with the Disbursement Request. As of any date of determination,
the Servicer (or, after delivery of a Notice of Exclusive Control, the Administrative Agent) may cause any amounts on deposit in the
Unfunded Exposure Account that exceed (i) the aggregate of all Unfunded Exposure Equity Amounts prior to the end of the Revolving
Period and (ii) the Aggregate Unfunded Exposure Amount, in each case, to be deposited into the Principal Collection Subaccount as
Principal Collections. 

(e) Insufficiency of Funds . The parties hereby agree that if the funds on deposit in the Collection Account are insufficient
to pay any amounts due and payable on a Payment Date or otherwise, the Borrower shall nevertheless remain responsible for, and shall pay
when due, all amounts payable under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the terms of this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents. The parties further agree that amounts that may be distributed to the Borrower or the holders of
any Equity Interest in the Borrower are fully subordinated and junior to the Obligations of the Borrower to the Secured Parties. In the
event the Borrower is subject to a Bankruptcy Event, any claim that the Borrower or the holders of any Equity Interest in the Borrower
may have with respect to such distributions shall, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein and notwithstanding any objection to,
or rescission of, such filing, be fully subordinate in right of payment to the Obligations of the Borrower to the Secured Parties. The
foregoing sentence and the provisions of Section 2.04 shall constitute a subordination agreement within the meaning
of Section 510(a) of the Bankruptcy Code. The Borrower and the Originator hereby agree that they may only receive distributions from amounts
available pursuant to Sections 2.04(a)(xi) , 2.04(b)(vii) and 2.04(c)(xi) or with respect to any Advance pursuant
to Section 2.01 or the release of any Eligible Currency (other than Dollars) pursuant to this Agreement. 

(f) Repayment
of Obligations . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Borrower shall repay the Advances Outstanding, all
accrued and unpaid Yield, any Breakage Fees, Increased Costs, all accrued and unpaid costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent and
Lenders and all other Obligations (other than unmatured contingent obligations for which no claim has been made) in full on the Facility
Maturity Date. 

(g) Conversion .
The Servicer shall, pursuant to Section 2.17(f) instruct the Collateral Agent, no later than the date immediately preceding each Payment
Date and subject to the Pari Passu Provisions, to convert amounts on deposit in the applicable Collection Account into each Eligible
Currency (pro rata based on available amounts from each other Eligible Currency, unless otherwise directed in writing by the Servicer)
using the Spot Rate to the extent necessary to make payments required in each Eligible Currency pursuant to Section 2.04(a) , Section
2.04(b) and Section 2.04(c) . All risk and expense incident to such conversion is the responsibility of the Borrower, and the
Collateral Agent shall have (x) no responsibility for fluctuations in exchange rates affecting any Collections or conversion thereof
and (y) to the extent it complies with the instructions provided by the Servicer pursuant to the Servicing Standard, no liability for
any losses incurred or resulting from the rates obtained in such foreign exchange transactions. 

70 

Section 2.05 Instructions
to the Collateral Agent and the Account Bank . All instructions and directions given to the Collateral Agent or the Account Bank
by the Servicer, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.04 shall be in writing. The Servicer and the
Borrower shall promptly transmit to the Administrative Agent a copy of all instructions and directions given to the Collateral Agent
or the Account Bank by such party pursuant to Section 2.04 . The Administrative Agent shall promptly transmit to the Servicer
and the Borrower a copy of all instructions and directions given to the Collateral Agent or the Account Bank by the Administrative
Agent pursuant to Section 2.04 . If either the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent disagrees with the computation of
any amounts to be paid or deposited by the Borrower or the Servicer under Section 2.04 or otherwise pursuant to this
Agreement, or upon their respective instructions, it shall so notify the Borrower, the Servicer and the Collateral Agent or the
Administrative Agent, as applicable, in writing and in reasonable detail to identify the specific disagreement. If such disagreement
cannot be resolved within five (5) Business Days, the determination of the Administrative Agent as to such amounts shall be
conclusive and binding on the parties hereto absent manifest or demonstrable error. In the event the Collateral Agent or the Account
Bank receives instructions from the Servicer or the Borrower which conflict with any instructions received from the Administrative
Agent, the Collateral Agent or the Account Bank, as applicable, shall rely on and follow the instructions given by the
Administrative Agent. 

Section 2.06 
 Borrowing Base Deficiency Payments . 

(a) If, on any day prior to the Collection Date, any Borrowing Base Deficiency exists (other than as specified in clause (d) below),
then the Borrower shall eliminate such Borrowing Base Deficiency in its entirety within three (3) Business Days (or such longer period
as set forth herein) of the Borrower receiving written notice from the Administrative Agent of such Borrowing Base Deficiency by effecting
one or more (or any combination thereof) of the following actions in order to eliminate such Borrowing Base Deficiency as of such date
of determination: (i) deposit cash in Dollars into the Principal Collection Subaccount, (ii) repay Advances Outstanding (together with
any Breakage Fees in respect of the amount so prepaid), (iii) to the extent such sales, in conjunction with other actions, eliminated
such Borrowing Base Deficiency, sell Loan Assets in accordance with Section 2.07 , (iv) Grant (or arrange for one or more Securitization
Subsidiaries to Grant) additional Eligible Loan Assets and/or (v) delivery of an Equity Cure Notice (subject to the requirements set forth
in Section 2.06(c) ); provided that, if the Borrower requests to Grant (or arrange for one or more Securitization Subsidiaries
to Grant) another Eligible Loan Asset within three Business Days of such Borrowing Base Deficiency and the Administrative Agent, in its
sole and absolute discretion, does not either reject such Loan Asset or approve such Loan Asset within three Business Days of the Borrower s
request to Grant (or arrange for one or more Securitization Subsidiaries to Grant) such Loan Asset, then the Administrative Agent may,
in its sole and absolute discretion, elect in writing to extend the three Business Day grace period set forth in this Section 2.06 . 

71 

(b) No
later than 4:00 p.m. on the Business Day of the repayment of Advances Outstanding or Grant of additional Eligible Loan Assets pursuant
to Section 2.06(a) , the Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf) shall deliver (i) to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to
the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Custodian) notice of such repayment or Grant and a duly completed Borrowing Base Certificate,
updated to the date such repayment or Grant is being made and giving pro forma effect to such repayment or Grant, and (ii) to
the Administrative Agent, if applicable, a description of any Eligible Loan Asset and each Obligor of such Eligible Loan Asset to be
Granted and an updated Loan Asset Schedule. Failure to deliver any such notice shall not affect the cure of the Borrowing Base Deficiency
 (excluding a Specified Borrowing Base Deficiency) made pursuant
to Section 2.06(a). 

(c) The Borrower may cure a Borrowing Base Deficiency (excluding a Specified
Borrowing Base Deficiency) pursuant to Section 2.06(a)(iv) by delivering a notice to the Administrative Agent within
three (3) Business Days after such Borrowing Base Deficiency (such notice, an Equity
Cure Notice ), subject to the following requirements: 

(i) Such
Equity Cure Notice sets forth evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that the Originator has arranged for funds
to be made available to the Borrower in an aggregate amount sufficient to cure such Borrowing Base Deficiency (which funds may be raised
in connection with such means as is available to the applicable Affiliates of the Originator); and 

(ii) The
amount necessary to cure such Borrowing Base Deficiency is contributed to the Borrower in immediately available funds, and such amount
shall be applied by the Borrower to eliminate such Borrowing Base Deficiency, in each case, within ten (10) Business Days of the date
such Equity Cure Notice is delivered to the Administrative Agent. 

(d) Notwithstanding
anything On any day prior to the contrary
set forth in clause (a) above Facility Maturity Date ,
if a Specified Borrowing Base Deficiency exists on
the last day of the Specified Period and (i) if such Borrowing Base Deficiency is in an amount less than or equal to 7,500,000, then
such Borrowing Base Deficiency will not be required to be cured within three (3) Business Days pursuant to clause (a) above and, as of
any Payment Date during such time as the Borrowing Base Deficiency is not cured pursuant to the terms of clause (a) above, Interest Collections
and Principal Collections shall be used to pay down Advances Outstanding in accordance with Section 2.04(a)(v) 
 and Section 2.04(b)(iii)(A) (in addition to any other combination of cure mechanisms
applied by the Borrower as set forth in clause (a) above) until the earlier of (x) the expiration of the Post-Specified Period and (y)
the date on which such deficiency is cured; and (ii) if such ,
the Borrower may eliminate such Specified Borrowing Base Deficiency is in
 an amount greater than 7,500,000, the Borrower shall, its
entirety within three sixty
 3 60 Business Days calendar days
 of the last day occurrence
 of the such 
Specified Period, cure such deficiency (using any combination of cure mechanisms applied by the Borrower
as set forth in clause (a) above) until the Borrowing Base Deficiency is less than or
equal to 7,500,000 by effecting one or more and or
 any failure to effectuate such cure shall be deemed to be an Event of Default pursuant to
 Section 7.01(j) ), after which, as of any Payment Date during such time as the Borrowing Base
Deficiency is not cured pursuant to the terms of clause (a) above, Interest Collections and Principal Collections shall be used to pay
down Advances Outstanding in accordance with Section 2.04(a)(vi) and Section
2.04(b)(ii)(A) (in addition to any other combination of cure mechanisms applied by the Borrower as set forth in clause
(a) above), until the earlier combination thereof) 
of (x) the expiration of the Post-Specified Period
and (y) the date on which such deficiency is cured. If a following
actions in order to eliminate such Specified Borrowing Base Deficiency exists on any date
of determination during the Post-Specified Period and such Borrowing Base Deficiency is greater than the Borrowing Base Deficiency in
existence on the previous as of such date of determination
 (any such increase in Borrowing Base Deficiency, a Borrowing Base Deficiency
Increase ), it shall be an Event of Default pursuant to Section 7.01(j) if
such Borrowing Base Deficiency has not been reduced in accordance with the provisions set forth in clauses (a), (b) and (c) above by
an : (i) deposit cash in Dollars into the Principal Collection
Subaccount, (ii) repay Advances Outstanding (together with any Breakage Fees in respect of the amount equal
to or greater than so prepaid), (iii) to the applicable
Borrowing Base Deficiency Increase within three (3) Business Days of such later date of determination. If a extent
such sales, in conjunction with other actions, eliminated such Borrowing Base Deficiency exists
after the expiration of the Post-Specified Period, it shall be an Event of Default pursuant to Section 7.01(j) 
 if it has not been remedied , sell Loan Assets 
in accordance with the provisions set forth in clauses (a), (b) Section
2.07 and /or c iv above Grant additional Eligible
Loan Assets . 

72 

Section 2.07 
 Sale of Loan Assets; Affiliate Transactions . 

(a) Substitutions .
The Borrower may, with the consent of the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, replace (or direct any Securitization Subsidiary
to replace) any Loan Asset with an Eligible Loan Asset so long as (i) no event has occurred, or would result from such substitution,
which constitutes an Event of Default and no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such substitution, which constitutes
an Unmatured Event of Default or a Borrowing Base Deficiency and (ii) simultaneously therewith, the Borrower (or a Securitization Subsidiary)
Grants (in accordance with all of the terms and provisions contained herein) a Substitute Eligible Loan Asset. 

(b) Discretionary
Sales . (i) The Borrower shall be permitted to sell (or direct any Securitization Subsidiary to sell) Loan Assets to Persons other
than the Originator or its Affiliates from time to time (such sale, a Discretionary Sale ); provided that
(i) the proceeds of such sale shall be deposited into the Collection Account to be disbursed in accordance with Section 2.04 hereof,
(ii) any sale to an Affiliate of the Originator meets the requirements set forth in Section 2.07(d) below, (iii) after giving
effect to any such sale, no Borrowing Base Deficiency shall exist, (iv) no event has occurred, or would result from such sale, which
constitutes an Unmatured Event of Default and (v) after giving effect to such sale, the Weighted Average Life Test is satisfied or, if
not satisfied, would be maintained or improved. 

(ii) The Borrower shall be
permitted to sell (or direct any Securitization Subsidiary to sell) Non-Levered Loan Assets to any Person at any time without restriction.
The proceeds of such sale may (i) be deposited into the Collection Account to be disbursed in accordance with Section 2.04 here or (ii)
prior to the occurrence and continuation of an Event of Default, deposited into the Contribution Account for distribution to the Originator. 

73 

(iii) The Borrower shall be
permitted to sell (or direct any Securitization Subsidiary to sell) ineligible Loan Assets (including any Equity Security or Margin Stock)
at any time without restriction. In addition, the Borrower may sell (or direct any Securitization Subsidiary to sell) any Loan Asset without
restriction in connection with a termination of this facility. 

(c) Repurchase or Substitution of Warranty Breach Loan Assets . No later than ten (10) Business Days following the earlier of
knowledge by a Loan Party of a Loan Asset becoming a Warranty Breach Loan Asset or receipt by such Loan Party from the Administrative
Agent or the Servicer of written notice thereof, the Borrower shall (or shall cause a Securitization Subsidiary to) either: 

(i) make
a deposit in the applicable Eligible Currency to the Collection Account (for allocation pursuant to Section 2.04 in
immediately available funds in an amount equal to the sum of (x) (i) the then-applicable Advance Rate of such Loan Asset, multiplied
by (ii) the Outstanding Balance of such Loan Asset, plus (y) any expenses or fees with respect to such Loan Asset and
costs and damages incurred by the Administrative Agent or by any Lender in connection with any violation by such Loan Asset of any
Applicable Law (a notification regarding the amount of such expenses or fees to be provided by the Administrative Agent to the
Borrower); provided that (A) the Administrative Agent shall have the right to determine whether the amount so deposited is
sufficient to satisfy the foregoing requirements and (B) the deposit of such funds into the Collection Account may result from the
sale of such Warranty Breach Loan Asset pursuant to Section 2.07(a) ; or 

(ii) 
 with the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, substitute for such Warranty Breach Loan Asset
a Substitute Eligible Loan Asset. 

Upon confirmation of the deposit
of the amounts set forth in Section 2.07(c)(i) into the Collection Account or the delivery by the Borrower of a Substitute Eligible
Loan Asset for each Warranty Breach Loan Asset pursuant to Section 2.07(c)(ii) (the date of such confirmation or delivery, the
 Release Date ), such Warranty Breach Loan Asset and Related
Asset shall be removed from the Collateral and, as applicable, the Substitute Eligible Loan Asset and Related Asset shall be included
in the Collateral. On the Release Date of each Warranty Breach Loan Asset, the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties,
shall automatically and without further action be deemed to release to the Borrower, without recourse, representation or warranty, all
the right, title and interest and any Lien of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties in, to and under the Warranty
Breach Loan Asset and any Related Asset and all future monies due or to become due with respect thereto. 

74 

(d) Conditions
to Sales, Substitutions and Repurchases . Any sales, substitutions or repurchases effected pursuant to Sections 2.07(a) , (b) ,
or (c) shall be subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions (it being understood that a Borrowing Base Deficiency
may be continuing in connection with any sale effected pursuant to Section 2.06(a)(iii) so long as such sales, collectively with
other actions, are sufficient to eliminate such Borrowing Base Deficiency) (as certified in writing to the Administrative Agent and Collateral
Agent by the Borrower): 

(i) the Borrower shall deliver a Borrowing Base Certificate and an updated Loan Asset Schedule to the Administrative Agent in connection
with such sale, substitution or repurchase; 

(ii) 
 the Borrower shall deliver a list of all Loan Assets to be sold, substituted, repurchased; 

(iii) 
 the Borrower shall (A) with respect to sales and repurchases, give one (1) Business Day's notice of such sale or repurchase to
the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent and (B) with respect to substitutions, have received an Approval Notice (for each Loan Asset
added to the Collateral on the related Cut-Off Date); 

(iv) the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any amount to be deposited into the Collection Account in connection with
any sale, substitution or repurchase; 

(v) the
representations and warranties contained in Sections 4.01 , 4.02
 and 4.03 hereof shall continue to be correct in all respects,
except to the extent relating to an earlier date; and 

(vi) any
repayment of Advances Outstanding in connection with any sale, substitution or repurchase of Loan Assets hereunder shall comply with
the requirements set forth in Section 2.16 . 

So long as the conditions
set forth in this clause (d), Section 2.07(b) and Section 2.07(e) , as applicable, are satisfied, in no event shall the sale
price of any Loan Asset sold pursuant to Section 2.07(b) be required to exceed the Adjusted Borrowing Value of such Loan Asset
multiplied by the Advance Rate of such Loan Asset. 

(e) Affiliate
Transactions . 

(i) A Loan Party may sell Loan Assets to Affiliates if such transaction is at arm s length and for fair market value if such
Loan Party is selling (A) a Non-Levered Loan Asset to any Affiliate at any price, (B) a Loan Asset other than a Non-Levered Loan Asset
to an Existing Golub BDC CLO (directly or indirectly) or to GC Advisors LLC (or an Affiliate) for a substantially concurrent transfer
to a special purpose vehicle in accordance with the No-Action Relief in connection with an Existing Golub BDC CLO. 

(ii) Other
than as set forth in Section 2.07(e)(i) , the Originator (or an Affiliate thereof) shall not reacquire from any Loan Party, and
neither the Originator nor any Affiliates thereof will have a right or ability to purchase, the Loan Assets of such Loan Party without
the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (other than with respect to sales pursuant to Section 2.06(a)(iii) ), and
any such transactions shall be at arm s-length and for fair market value, except in the case of removals or substitutions of Loan
Assets by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.07(c) . 

75 

(f) Limitations
on Sales and Substitutions . The Outstanding Balance of all Loan Assets (other than Warranty Loan Assets) (i) sold pursuant to Section
2.07(b) to Persons other than the Originator or its Affiliates (other than during the Specified
Period and the Post-Specified Period, Subject Loan Assets (A) sold at fair market value and (B) during the Post-Specified Period,
the sale of which maintains or improves any Borrowing Base Deficiency then in existence) , (ii) sold pursuant to Section
2.07(e) to the Originator or an Affiliate thereof and (iii) substituted pursuant to Section 2.07(a) (other
than during the Specified Period and the Post-Specified Period Subject Loan Assets (A) sold at fair market value and (B) during the
Post-Specified Period, the sale of which maintains or improves any Borrowing Base Deficiency then in existence) shall
not exceed 20 of the Net Purchased Loan Balance; provided, that any Loan Asset sold to any collateralized loan obligation
(or, in the case of clause (z)(II) below, any credit facility) undertaken by the Servicer or an Affiliate thereof (directly or
indirectly) or to GC Advisors LLC (or an Affiliate) for a substantially concurrent transfer to a special purpose vehicle in
accordance with the No-Action Relief shall be excluded from the numerator in the foregoing threshold so long as such Loan Asset is
sold on arm s-length terms for fair market value (determined as required by, and in accordance with, the U.S. Investment
Advisers Act of 1940, as amended) (x) (1) for which the closing date was within the two months prior to the proposed date of sale
and (2) for which Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. or an Affiliate thereof acts as an underwriter or placement agent, (y)
consented to in writing by the Administrative Agent or (z) (I) with respect to a collateralized loan obligation, that had its
effective date and was declared fully ramped up (whether by meeting its target initial par amount requirement or otherwise) by the
Servicer prior to the sale of Loan Assets to such collateralized loan obligation and (II) with respect to any sale of Loan Assets to
such collateralized loan obligation or credit facility, such sale is being performed by the Servicer for the purpose of
 rebalancing and not ramping the transaction, shall be excluded from the foregoing threshold so long as such Loan Asset
is sold on arm s-length terms for fair market value (determined as required by, and in accordance with, the U.S. Investment
Advisers Act of 1940, as amended); provided, further , that the aggregate Loan Assets sold pursuant to Section 2.07(e) 
to any collateralized loan obligation undertaken by the Servicer or an Affiliate thereof (directly or indirectly) and for which the
closing date was within the two months prior to the proposed date of sale that otherwise does not meet the requirements of the
immediately preceding proviso, shall not exceed 10 of the Net Purchased Loan Balance in any twelve-month period unless otherwise
consented to by the Administrative Agent. The Outstanding Balance of all defaulted Loan Assets (other than Warranty Loan Assets) (i)
sold pursuant to Section 2.07(b) to Persons other than the Originator or its Affiliates, (ii) sold pursuant to Section
2.07(e) to the Originator or an Affiliate thereof and (iii) substituted pursuant to Section 2.07(a) shall not exceed 10 
of the Net Purchased Loan Balance; provided that any Loan Asset sold to any credit facility undertaken by the Servicer or an
Affiliate thereof (directly or indirectly) (x) that had its effective date and was declared fully ramped up (whether by meeting its
target initial par amount requirement or otherwise) by the Servicer prior to the sale of Eligible Loan Assets to such collateralized
loan obligation and (y) with respect to any sale of Eligible Loan Assets to such collateralized loan obligation, such sale is being
performed by the Servicer for the purpose of rebalancing and not ramping the transaction, shall be excluded from the
foregoing threshold so long as such Loan Asset is sold on arm s-length terms for fair market value (determined as required by,
and in accordance with, the U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended). For the avoidance of doubt, the 10 threshold set
forth in the second sentence of this clause (f) shall be a sub-limit of the 20 threshold set forth in the first sentence of this clause
(f) . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, solely during the Specified Period, the
written consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for any sale or substitution that would result in the aggregate
Outstanding Balance of all Subject Loan Assets to be in excess of 50.0 of the SLA Threshold Amount. 

76 

(g) Sales to Affiliates of Replacement Servicer . To the extent that Golub Capital BDC, Inc. (or an Affiliate thereof) is no
longer the Servicer, the Replacement Servicer may only sell assets owned by the Borrower to such Replacement Servicer s Affiliates
to the extent that it receives the consent of the member of the Borrower identified in the Borrower LLC Agreement. 

Section 2.08 
 Payments and Computations, Etc. 

(a) All
amounts to be paid or deposited by a Loan Party or the Servicer hereunder shall be paid or deposited in accordance with the terms hereof
no later than 1:00 p.m. on the day when due in Dollars or in such other Eligible Currency in immediately available funds to the Collection
Account or such other account as is designated by the Administrative Agent. Any Obligation hereunder shall not be reduced by any distribution
of any portion of Available Collections if at any time such distribution is rescinded or required to be returned by any Lender to the
Borrower or any other Person for any reason. Each Advance shall accrue interest at the applicable Yield Rate for its Eligible Currency
for each day during each applicable Remittance Period. All computations of interest and all computations with respect to the Yield and
the Yield Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of three hundred and sixty (360) days and the actual number of days elapsed;
 provided that with respect to GBP Advances, such computations shall be computed on the basis of a year of three hundred and sixty-five
(365) days and the actual number of days elapsed. Each Advance shall accrue interest at the Yield Rate for each day beginning on, and
including, the Advance Date with respect to such Advance and ending on, but excluding, the date such Advance is repaid in full. 

(b) Whenever
any payment hereunder shall be stated to be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding
Business Day, and such extension of time shall in such case be included in the computation of payment of Yield or any fee payable hereunder,
as the case may be. To the extent that Available Collections are insufficient on any Payment Date to satisfy the full amount of any Increased
Costs pursuant to Section 2.04(a)(v) and Section 2.04(b)(i) , such unpaid amounts shall remain due and owing and shall be
payable on the next succeeding Payment Date until repaid in full. 

(c) If any Advance requested by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.02 is not for any reason whatsoever, except as a result of
the gross negligence or willful misconduct of, or failure to fund such Advance on the part of, the Lenders, made or effectuated, as the
case may be, on the date specified therefor, the Borrower shall indemnify such Lender against any loss, cost or expense incurred by such
Lender related thereto, including, any loss (including cost of funds and out-of-pocket expenses), cost or expense incurred by reason of
the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by such Lender to fund Advances or maintain the Advances. Any such
Lender shall provide to the Borrower documentation setting forth the amounts of any loss, cost or expense referred to in the previous
sentence, such documentation to be conclusive absent manifest error. 

77 

Section 2.09 
 Unused Fee . The Borrower shall pay, in accordance with Section 2.04 , pro rata to each Lender, an unused fee
(the Unused Fee payable in arrears for each Remittance Period,
equal to the sum of the products for each day during such Remittance Period of (a) one divided by three hundred and sixty (360),
(b) the applicable Unused Fee Rate and (c) the Facility Amount minus the greater of (i) the Advances Outstanding on such date and
(ii) the Minimum Utilization. 

Section 2.10 
 Increased Costs; Capital Adequacy . 

(a) If
any Change in Law shall: 

(i) 
 impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, assessment, fee, tax, insurance charge, liquidity or similar requirement
(including any compulsory loan requirement, insurance charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account
of, or credit extended by, any the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Affiliate, participant, successor or assign thereof (each
of which shall be an Affected Party 

(ii) 
 impose on any Affected Party or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this
Agreement or Advances or participation therein or the obligation or right of any Lender to make Advances hereunder; or 

(iii) 
 change the amount of capital maintained or required or requested or directed to be maintained by any Affected Party; 

and the result of any of the
foregoing shall be to increase the cost to or impose a cost upon such Affected Party of funding or making or maintaining any Advance or
of maintaining its obligation to make any such Advance or otherwise performing its obligations under the Transaction Documents or to increase
the cost to such Affected Party or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Affected Party, whether of principal,
interest or otherwise or to require any payment calculated by reference to the amount of interest or loans received or held by such Affected
Party, then the Borrower will pay to such Affected Party such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Affected Party for
such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 

(b) If
any Affected Party determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing
the rate of return on such Affected Party's capital or on the capital of Affected Party's holding company, if any, as a consequence of
this Agreement or the Advances made by such Affected Party to a level below that which such Affected Party or Affected Party's holding
company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Affected Party's policies and the policies of
such Affected Party's holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), the Borrower will pay to such Affected Party such
additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Affected Party or Affected Party's holding company for any such reduction suffered
on the immediately following Payment Date pursuant to Section 2.04 to the extent of available funds. 

(c) A
certificate of an Affected Party providing an explanation of the applicable Change in Law and setting forth the amount or amounts necessary
to compensate such Affected Party or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in clause (a) or (b) of this
 Section 2.10 shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest or demonstrable error. In determining
any amount provided for in this Section 2.10 , the Affected Party may
use any reasonable averaging and attribution methods. The Borrower shall pay such Affected Party the amount shown as due on any such
certificate on the Payment Date following receipt thereof to the extent of available funds. 

78 

(d) If
a Currency Disruption Event as described in clause (a) of the definition of Currency Disruption Event with respect to
any Lender occurred, such Lender shall in turn so notify the Borrower, whereupon the Yield Rate with respect to all Advances
Outstanding of the affected Lender denominated in the affected Eligible Currency shall accrue Yield at the Benchmark plus the
Applicable Margin. 

(e) Failure
or delay on the part of any Affected Party to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 2.10 shall not constitute a waiver
of any Affected Party's right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate any
Affected Party pursuant to this Section 2.10 for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than one hundred and eighty (180)
days prior to the date that such Affected Party notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions
and of such Affected Party's intention to claim compensation therefor; provided , further , that, if the Change in Law giving
rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the one hundred and eighty (180)-day period referred to above shall be
extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 

(f) In the event that any Affected Party shall incur any loss or expense (including any loss or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation
or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by such Affected Party to make any purchase or loan or maintain any purchase or loan)
as a result of any Advance not being made in accordance with a request therefor under Section 2.02 , then, on the immediately following
Payment Date following written notice from such Affected Party to the Borrower, the Borrower shall pay to such Affected Party, the amount
of such loss or expense, pursuant to Section 2.04 (to the extent of available funds). Such written notice (which shall include calculations
in reasonable detail) shall, in the absence of manifest or demonstrable error, be conclusive and binding upon the Borrower. 

(g) This
Section 2.10 shall not apply to any (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded
Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes. 

79 

Section 2.11 
 Taxes . 

(a) Any
and all payments made by the Borrower or made by the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower under this Agreement will be made free and clear
of and without deduction or withholding for or on account of any Taxes. If any Taxes are required by Applicable Law to be withheld from
any amounts payable to any Recipient, then the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and
shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law and, if
such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the amount payable by the Borrower to such Person will be increased as necessary (the amount of
such increase, the Additional Amount such that every
net payment made under this Agreement after withholding or deduction for or on account of any Taxes (including, any Taxes on such increase)
is not less than the amount that would have been paid had no such deduction or withholding been made. 

(b) The Borrower or Servicer shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law, or at the option
of the Administrative Agent or a Lender timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 

(c) The Borrower, the Servicer and the Originator shall pay (i) with respect to the Borrower, on the Payment Date pertaining to the
Remittance Period in which such cost is incurred and (ii) with respect to the Servicer and the Originator, on demand, in each case, any
and all stamp, sales, excise and other Taxes and fees payable or determined to be payable to any Governmental Authority in connection
with the execution, delivery, filing and recording of this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents or any other document providing
liquidity support, credit enhancement or other similar support to the Lenders in connection with this Agreement or the funding or maintenance
of Advances hereunder. 

(d) The
Borrower will indemnify, from funds available to it pursuant to Section 2.04
 (and to the extent the funds available for indemnification provided by the Borrower is insufficient the Servicer, on behalf of
the Borrower, will indemnify) each Recipient for the full amount of Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted
on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.11 payable or paid by such Person or required to be withheld or deducted
from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified
Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. All payments in respect of this indemnification
shall be made within ten (10) days from the date a written demand therefor is delivered to the Borrower. A certificate as to the amount
of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative
Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(e) Each
Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes
attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified
Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), and (ii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each
case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Transaction Document, and any reasonable expenses arising
therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental
Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive
absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing
to such Lender under any Transaction Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against
any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this Section 2.11(e). 

80 

(f) 
 Within thirty (30) days after the date of any payment by the Borrower or by the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower of any Taxes,
the Borrower or the Servicer, as applicable, will furnish to the Administrative Agent at the applicable address set forth on this Agreement,
appropriate evidence of payment thereof. 

(g) Any
Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Transaction
Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or
the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the
Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition,
any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed
by Applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the
Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such
documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.11(g)(i), (ii) and (iii) shall not be required if in the
Lender's reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or
expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 

(i) 
 If any Lender is not a United States Tax Person, such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower, to the extent legally entitled to do
so, with a copy to the Administrative Agent, on or prior to the date such Lender becomes a party to the Agreement (and from time to time
thereafter upon reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 

a. 
 in the case of a Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to
payments of interest under any Transaction Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or
reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any
other applicable payments under any Transaction Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of,
U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; 

b. 
 executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI; 

81 

c. 
 in the case of a Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate
substantially in the form of Exhibit L-1 to the effect that such Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section
881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code,
or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E; or 

d. 
 to the extent a Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form
W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit L-2 or Exhibit L-3 , IRS Form
W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Lender is a partnership
and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Lender may provide a U.S.
Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit L-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 

(ii) 
 If a Lender is a United States Tax Person, such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower, with a copy to the Administrative Agent,
on or prior to the date such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon reasonable request of the
Borrower or the Administrative Agent), two (or such other number as may from time to time by prescribed by Applicable Law) duly completed
copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax. 

(iii) 
 If a payment made to a Lender under any Transaction Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA
if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b)
or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed
by Applicable Law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed
by Applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested
by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations
under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender's obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct
and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (iii) , FATCA shall include any amendments made to
FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 

(iv) 
 If any Lender is not a United States Tax Person, such Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the
Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which
such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the
Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by Applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction
in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law
to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made. 

82 

(v) 
 Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered pursuant to this Section 2.11(g) expires or
becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 

(h) Unless
required by Applicable Law, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any obligation to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf
of a Lender, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account
of such Lender, as the case may be. If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a
refund of any Indemnified Taxes as to which it has been indemnified or paid Additional Amounts pursuant to this Section 2.11 ,
it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made or
Additional Amounts paid under this Section 2.11 with respect to the Indemnified Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all
out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the
relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party,
shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this Section 2.11(h) plus any penalties,
interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to
repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.11(h) , in no
event will the indemnified party by required to pay any amount to any indemnifying party pursuant to this Section 2.11(h) the
payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position that the indemnified party would have
been in if the indemnification payments or Additional Amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid. This paragraph shall
not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes
that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 

(i) 
 Each party's obligations under this Section 2.11 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent
or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or
discharge of all obligations under any Transaction Document. 

(j) 
 If at any time the Borrower shall be liable for the payment of any Additional Amounts in accordance with this Section
2.11 , then the Borrower shall have the option to terminate this Agreement (in accordance with the provisions of Section
2.16(b) ; provided that such option to terminate shall in no event relieve the Borrower of paying any amounts
owing pursuant to this Section 2.11 in accordance with the terms
hereof. 

83 

Section 2.12 
 Grant of a Security Interest; Collateral Assignment of Agreements . 

(a) (i)
To secure the prompt, complete and indefeasible payment in full when due, whether by lapse of time, acceleration or otherwise, of
the Obligations and the performance by the Borrower of all of the covenants and obligations to be performed by it pursuant to this
Agreement and each other Transaction Document, whether now or hereafter existing, due or to become due, direct or indirect, or
absolute or contingent (collectively, the Secured Obligations ), the Borrower hereby (A) collaterally assigns and
pledges to the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties and (B) Grants a security interest to the Collateral Agent, on
behalf of the Secured Parties, in all of the Borrower's right, title and interest in, to and under (but none of the obligations
under) all of the Collateral, whether now existing or hereafter arising or acquired by the Borrower, and wherever the same may be
located. For the avoidance of doubt, the Collateral shall not include any Excluded Amounts, and the Borrower does not hereby assign,
pledge or Grant a security interest in any such amounts. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, (x) the Borrower shall
remain liable under the Collateral to the extent set forth therein to perform all of its duties and obligations thereunder to the
same extent as if this Agreement had not been executed, (y) the exercise by the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured
Parties, of any of its rights in the Collateral shall not release the Borrower from any of its duties or obligations under the
Collateral, and (z) none of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Lender nor any Secured Party shall have any
obligations or liability under the Collateral by reason of this Agreement, nor shall the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent,
any Lender nor any Secured Party be obligated to perform any of the obligations or duties of the Borrower thereunder or to take any
action to collect or enforce any claim for payment assigned hereunder. 

(ii) To secure the prompt,
complete and indefeasible payment in full when due, whether by lapse of time, acceleration or otherwise, of the Obligations and the performance
by the Borrower of all of the covenants and obligations to be performed by it pursuant to this Agreement and each other Transaction Document,
whether now or hereafter existing, due or to become due, direct or indirect, or absolute or contingent, each Securitization Subsidiary
hereby (A) collaterally assigns and pledges to the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties and (B) Grants a security interest
to the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, in all of such Securitization Subsidiary's right, title and interest in, to
and under (but none of the obligations under) all of the Collateral, whether now existing or hereafter arising or acquired by such Securitization
Subsidiary, and wherever the same may be located. For the avoidance of doubt, the Collateral shall not include any Excluded Amounts, and
such Securitization Subsidiary does not hereby assign, pledge or Grant a security interest in any such amounts. Anything herein to the
contrary notwithstanding, (x) such Securitization Subsidiary shall remain liable under the Collateral to the extent set forth therein
to perform all of its duties and obligations thereunder to the same extent as if this Agreement had not been executed, (y) the exercise
by the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, of any of its rights in the Collateral shall not release such Securitization
Subsidiary from any of its duties or obligations under the Collateral, and (z) none of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent,
any Lender nor any Secured Party shall have any obligations or liability under the Collateral by reason of this Agreement, nor shall the
Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Lender nor any Secured Party be obligated to perform any of the obligations or duties
of the Borrower thereunder or to take any action to collect or enforce any claim for payment assigned hereunder. 

The foregoing Grants shall,
for the purpose of determining the property subject to the Lien of this Agreement, be deemed to include any securities and any investments
Granted to the Collateral Agent by or on behalf of the Borrower, whether or not such securities or investments satisfy the criteria set
forth in the definitions of Eligible Loan Asset or Permitted Investments, as the case may be. 

84 

(b) 
 As Security for the Secured Obligations, each Loan Party hereby collaterally assigns to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit
of the Secured Parties, all of the such Loan Party s right and title to and interest
in, to and under (but not any obligations under) each Purchase and Sale Agreement (and any UCC financing statements filed under or in
connection therewith), the Underlying Instruments related to each Loan Asset, all other agreements, documents and instruments evidencing,
securing or guarantying any Loan Asset and all other agreements, documents and instruments related to any of the foregoing but excluding
any Excluded Amounts or Retained Interest (the Assigned Documents ).
In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, each Loan Party hereby collaterally assigns to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit
of the Secured Parties, its right to indemnification under each Purchase and Sale Agreement. Each Loan Party confirms that following
notice from the Administrative Agent to such Loan Party of the occurrence of an Event of Default until the Collection Date the Collateral
Agent (at the direction of the Administrative Agent) on behalf of the Secured Parties shall have the sole right to enforce such Loan
Party s rights and remedies under each Purchase and Sale Agreement and any UCC financing statements filed under or in connection
therewith for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 

The parties hereto agree that
such collateral assignment to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, shall terminate upon the Collection Date. 

Section 2.13 
 Evidence of Debt . The Administrative Agent shall maintain, solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower,
at its address referred to in Section 12.02 a copy of each Assignment
and Acceptance and participation agreement delivered to and accepted by it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses
and interests of the Lenders (including principal amounts and stated interest on the Advances) (the Register ).
The entries in the Register shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative
Agent and each Lender shall treat each person whose name is recorded in the Register as a Lender under this Agreement for all purposes
of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower or any Lender at any reasonable time during business
hours and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. No Advance hereunder shall be assigned or sold, in whole or in part without
registering such assignment or sale on the Register. 

85 

Section 2.14 
 Release of Loan Assets . 

(a) 
 The Lien of the Collateral Agent shall be automatically released with respect to: (i) any Loan Asset (and the Related Asset) sold
or substituted in accordance with the applicable provisions of Section 2.07 ,
(ii) any Loan Asset (and the Related Asset) with respect to which all amounts have been paid in full by the related Obligor and deposited
in the Collection Account, (iii) amounts distributed to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.04 , and (iv) the entire Collateral
following the Collection Date. Any Non-Levered Loan Asset sold by the Borrower shall be automatically released from the Lien of the Collateral
Agent. The Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, shall, at the sole expense of the Servicer and the Borrower and
at the direction of the Administrative Agent, execute such documents and instruments of release as may be prepared by the Servicer on
behalf of the Borrower, give notice of such release to the Collateral Custodian (in the form of Exhibit
J (unless the Collateral Custodian and Collateral Agent are the same Person) and take other such actions as shall reasonably
be requested by the Borrower to effect such release of the Lien created pursuant to this Agreement. Upon receiving such notification
by the Collateral Agent as described in the immediately preceding sentence, if applicable, the Collateral Custodian shall deliver the
Required Loan Documents to the Borrower. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, each of the Administrative Agent, Collateral
Agent, Collateral Custodian and Lender agree that the release of the Lien on any Loan Assets (and Related Assets) designated to be sold
to GC Advisors LLC (or an Affiliate) for a substantially concurrent transfer to a special purpose vehicle in accordance with the No-Action
Relief in connection with an Existing Golub BDC CLO (the No-Action Relief Assets shall be deemed to occur prior
to the payment by the Borrower of its Obligations with respect to such No-Action Relief Assets on the applicable date of transfer and
the release of the Lien (other than with respect to the No-Action Relief Assets) with respect to any other Loan Assets being sold to
such Existing Golub BDC CLO shall be deemed to occur simultaneously with the payment by the Borrower of its Obligations with respect
to such Loan Assets on the applicable date of transfer, in each case, so as to allow the Borrower to sell, assign and otherwise transfer
the Collateral to certain parties in accordance with the terms of the No-Action Relief and the related transaction documentation of the
Existing Golub BDC CLO (it being understood no such release shall occur until the Administrative Agent has received evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it that the conditions precedent to closing of the Existing Golub BDC CLO have been satisfied). 

(b) 
 A Securitization Subsidiary may obtain the release of its entire Securitization Subsidiary Collateral Portfolio (including such
Securitization Subsidiary s Collection Accounts) and shall no longer be party to this Agreement upon (i) the closing of a Securitization
by such Securitization Subsidiary and transfer by the Borrower of the equity in such Securitization Subsidiary to an Affiliate, third
party or charitable trust or any combination of the foregoing and (ii) satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 

(i) 
 the Borrower shall have delivered a pro forma Borrowing Base Certificate and Loan Asset Schedule to the Administrative Agent reflecting
such release; 

(ii) 
 the Borrower shall deliver a list of all Loan Assets to be released; 

(iii) 
 the Borrower shall have provided ten Business Days prior notice of such release to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral
Agent and the Administrative Agent shall have provided its prior written consent to such release in its sole discretion; 

(iv) 
 the Borrower shall have notified the Administrative Agent of any amount to be deposited into the Borrower s Collection Account
in connection with such release; 

(v) 
 the representations and warranties contained in Sections 4.01 , 4.02 and 4.03 hereof shall be correct in all
respects, except to the extent relating to an earlier date, after giving effect to such release; 

86 

(vi) 
 after giving effect to such release of the applicable Securitization Subsidiary Collateral Portfolio and the deposit into the Borrower
Collection Account in connection therewith and any payments of Advances Outstanding expected to be made in connection with the closing
of the Securitization, no Event of Default, Unmatured Event of Default or Borrowing Base Deficiency shall exist; and 

(vii) 
 the Borrower and the Servicer (on behalf of the Borrower) shall agree to pay the legal fees and expenses of the Administrative
Agent, each Lender, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Custodian in connection with any such release. 

The Collateral Agent,
for the benefit of the Secured Parties, shall, at the sole expense of the Servicer and at the direction of the Administrative Agent,
execute such documents and instruments of release as may be prepared by the Servicer on behalf of applicable Securitization
Subsidiary, give notice of such release to the Collateral Custodian (in the form of Exhibit J (unless the Collateral
Custodian and Collateral Agent are the same Person) and take other such actions (including consenting to a UCC-3 termination for the
relevant Securitization Subsidiary, as applicable) as shall reasonably be requested by the applicable Securitization Subsidiary to
effect such release of the Lien in such Securitization Subsidiary Collateral Portfolio created pursuant to this Agreement (which
release shall be effective simultaneously with the closing of the relevant Securitization) and to evidence that such Securitization
Subsidiary is no longer party to this Agreement. Upon receiving such notification by the Collateral Agent as described in the
immediately preceding sentence, if applicable, the Collateral Custodian shall deliver the Required Loan Documents to the applicable
Securitization Subsidiary or any trustee or collateral administrator of such Securitization Subsidiary, as applicable, as directed
by the Servicer. 

Section 2.15 
 Treatment of Amounts Received by any Loan Party . Amounts received by any Loan Party pursuant to Section
2.07 on account of Loan Assets (other than Non-Levered Loan Assets) shall be treated as payments of Principal Collections
or Interest Collections, as applicable, on Loan Assets hereunder. 

Section 2.16 
 Prepayment; Termination; Reduction . 

(a) 
 Except as expressly permitted or required herein, including any repayment necessary to cure a Borrowing Base Deficiency, Advances
Outstanding in any Eligible Currency may only be prepaid in whole or in part at the option of the Borrower at any time by delivering
a Notice of Reduction (which notice shall include a Borrowing Base Certificate) to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent
 (i) in the case of the repayment of an Advance made in Dollars, at least one
(1) Business Day prior to such prepayment, (ii) in the case of the repayment of a SEK Advance, before 8:30 a.m. at least one (1) Business
Day prior to such prepayment, (iii) in the case of the repayment of a NOK Advance, before 8:00 a.m. at least one (1) Business Day prior
to such prepayment, (iv) in the case of the repayment of a DKK Advance, before 8:30 a.m. at least one (1) Business Day prior to such
prepayment and (v) in the case of the repayment of a CHF Advance, before 9:30 a.m. at least one (1) Business Day prior to
such prepayment; provided that any prepayment of Advances in an Eligible Currency other than Dollars shall be made by converting
such prepayment into the applicable Eligible Currency at the Spot Rate to the extent sufficient funds have not been remitted in such
Eligible Currency. In the event that an Advance is remitted to the Principal Collection Subaccount in connection with a Notice of Borrowing
in respect of the acquisition by the Borrower of a loan asset constituting a newly originated loan and such loan asset is not acquired
by the Borrower within two (2) Business Days of the date of such Advance, the Servicer shall cause the Borrower to effect a prepayment
in an amount equal to such Advance within two (2) Business Days of such Advance. The Borrower may use amounts on deposit in the Contribution
Account at any time for purposes of making a prepayment of Advances Outstanding. Upon any prepayment in full, the Borrower shall also
pay in full all accrued and unpaid Yield. Upon any prepayment, the Borrower shall also pay any Breakage Fees, Increased Costs and all
accrued and unpaid costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent and Lenders related to such prepayment; provided that no reduction
in Advances Outstanding shall be given effect unless (i) sufficient funds have been remitted to pay all such amounts in full, as determined
by the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion and (ii) no event has occurred or would result from such prepayment which would constitute
an Event of Default or an Unmatured Event of Default. The Administrative Agent shall apply amounts received from the Borrower pursuant
to this Section 2.16(a) to the payment of any Breakage Fees and
to the pro rata reduction of the Advances Outstanding. Any notice relating to any repayment pursuant to this Section
2.16(a) shall be irrevocable. 

87 

(b) The
Borrower may, at its option and upon three (3) Business Days' prior written notice of such termination or permanent reduction in the
form of Exhibit F to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, either (i) terminate this Agreement and the other
Transaction Documents upon payment in full of all Advances Outstanding, all accrued and unpaid Yield and Fees, any Breakage Fees,
Increased Costs, all accrued and unpaid costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent and Lenders, payment of the Prepayment
Premium pro rata to each Lender and payment of all other Obligations (other than unmatured contingent obligations for which
no claim has been made), or (ii) permanently reduce in part the Facility Amount upon payment in full, all accrued and unpaid Yield
and Unused Fees pro rata with respect to the portion of the Facility Amount so reduced), any Breakage Fees, Increased Costs,
all accrued and unpaid costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent and Lenders and the Prepayment Premium pro rata to each
Lender. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Prepayment Premium shall be due (i) to any Lender that is a Defaulting
Lender pursuant to Section 2.19, (ii) to the Administrative Agent as a lender if the Administrative Agent has previously resigned as
Administrative Agent pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, (iii) during the continuation of a Non-Approval Event and (iv)
following the occurrence of a Currency Disruption Event. The Commitment of each Lender shall be reduced by an amount equal to its
Pro Rata Share (prior to giving effect to any reduction of Commitments hereunder) of the aggregate amount of any reduction under
this Section 2.16 (b) . 

(c) 
 The Borrower hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Prepayment Premium constitutes additional consideration for the Lenders to
enter into this Agreement. 

Section 2.17 
 Collections and Allocations . 

(a) 
 The Collateral Agent shall promptly identify all Available Collections received in the Collection Account as being on account of
Interest Collections or Principal Collections and shall segregate all Interest Collections and Principal Collections and transfer the
same to the Interest Collection Subaccount and the Principal Collection Subaccount, respectively. If, notwithstanding such compliance,
the Servicer receives any collections directly, the Servicer (upon obtaining knowledge thereof) shall transfer, or cause to be transferred,
any such collections received directly by it (if any) to the Collection Account by the close of business within two (2) Business Days
after obtaining knowledge of the receipt of such Collections; provided that the Servicer shall identify to the Collateral Agent
any collections received directly by the Servicer as being on account of Interest Collections or Principal Collections. The Collateral
Agent shall further provide to the Servicer a statement as to the amount of Interest Collections and Principal Collections on deposit
in the Interest Collection Subaccount and the Principal Collection Subaccount no later than three (3) Business Days prior to each Reporting
Date for inclusion in the Servicing Report delivered pursuant to Section 6.08(b) . 

88 

(b) On
the Cut-Off Date with respect to any Loan Asset, the Servicer will (i) deposit or will cause the Borrower to deposit into the
Collection Account all Available Collections denominated in Dollars received in respect of Eligible Loan Assets being transferred to
and included as part of the Collateral on such date and (ii) deposit or will cause the Borrower to deposit into the applicable
Eligible Currency Account all Available Collections not denominated in Dollars received in respect of Eligible Loan Assets being
transferred to and included as part of the Collateral on such date. The Servicer may, on any date, instruct the Account Bank to
convert funds on deposit in any or all Eligible Currency Accounts into Dollars using the Spot Rate. Such converted funds shall then
be transferred into the Collection Account. 

(c) 
 With the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (a copy of which will be provided by the Servicer to the Collateral
Agent), the Servicer may withdraw from the Collection Account any deposits thereto constituting Excluded Amounts if the Servicer has,
prior to such withdrawal and consent, delivered to the Administrative Agent a report setting forth the calculation of such Excluded Amounts
in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. 

(d) 
 Prior to the delivery of a Notice of Exclusive Control, the Servicer shall, pursuant to written instruction (which may be in the
form of standing instructions), direct the Collateral Agent to invest, or cause the investment of, funds on deposit in the Controlled
Accounts in Permitted Investments, from the date of this Agreement until the Collection Date. Absent any such written instruction, such
funds shall be invested in the Standby Investment. A Permitted Investment acquired with funds deposited in any Controlled Account shall
mature not later than the Business Day immediately preceding any Payment Date, and shall not be sold or disposed of prior to its maturity.
All such Permitted Investments shall be registered in the name of the Account Bank or its nominee for the benefit of the Collateral Agent.
All income and gain realized from any such investment, as well as any interest earned on deposits in any Controlled Account shall be
distributed in accordance with the provisions of Article II hereof.
The Borrower shall deposit in the Collection Account or the Unfunded Exposure Account, as the case may be (with respect to investments
made hereunder of funds held therein), an amount equal to the amount of any actual loss incurred, in respect of any such investment,
immediately upon realization of such loss. None of the Account Bank, the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall
be liable for the amount of any loss incurred, in respect of any investment, or lack of investment, of funds held in any Controlled Account.
The parties hereto acknowledge that the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent, a Lender or any of their respective Affiliates may
receive compensation with respect to the Permitted Investments. The Servicer shall, pursuant to written instruction (which may be in
the form of standing instructions), direct the Collateral Agent to invest, or cause the investment of, funds on deposit in the Contribution
Account in Permitted Investments, from the Closing Date until the Collection Date. Absent any such written instruction, such funds shall
not be invested. 

89 

(e) 
 Until the Collection Date, neither the Borrower nor the Servicer shall have any rights of direction or withdrawal, with respect
to amounts held in any Controlled Account, except to the extent explicitly set forth in Section
2.04 , Section 2.17(c) or Section 2.18 . 

(f) 
 Eligible Currency . 

(i) Subject
to the Pari Passu Provisions, any and all payments made by the Borrower under the Transaction Documents shall be made in the
applicable Eligible Currency, as follows: (A) repayment of Advances in an Eligible Currency other than Dollars shall be made in the
corresponding Eligible Currency, and (B) payment of interest on the Advances in an Eligible Currency other than Dollars shall be
made in the corresponding Eligible Currency. Each party hereto agrees that the Available Collections and all such other amounts
described in Section 2.04(a) , Section 2.04(b) and Section 2.04(c) shall be applied in accordance with the
priority of payments set forth in Section 2.04(a) , Section 2.04(b) and Section 2.04(c) . The Lenders and the
Administrative Agent hereby instruct the Collateral Agent to apply the Available Collections and all such other amounts described in Section
2.04(a) , Section 2.04(b) and Section 2.04(c) in accordance with Section 2.04(a) , Section 2.04(b) and Section
2.04(c) ; provided that such payments shall be subject to availability of such funds pursuant to Section 2.04(a) , Section
2.04(b) and Section 2.04(c) . 

(ii) The
Servicer shall instruct the Collateral Agent, on the Determination Date immediately preceding each Payment Date, to convert amounts on
deposit in the Collection Account into each Eligible Currency to the extent necessary to make payments pursuant to Section 2.04(a) ,
 Section 2.04(b) and Section 2.04(c) , as applicable (as determined by the Servicer using the Spot Rate). The Borrower may
receive collections on Non-Levered Loan Assets in currencies other than Eligible Currencies and deposit such funds into the Contribution
Account and distribute funds in such other currencies, in each case, to the extent such amounts are not required to be deposited into
the Collection Account in accordance herewith. 

(iii) Any
Available Collections on deposit in the Principal Collection Subaccount denominated in an Eligible Currency may be converted by the Servicer
into another Eligible Currency on any Business Day (other than a Payment Date) using the Spot Rate so long as (A) no Borrowing Base Deficiency
exists after giving effect to such conversion, and (B) the converted amounts are used solely for purposes of acquiring a Loan denominated
in such other Eligible Currency pursuant to Section 2.18 . The Servicer shall provide no less than one (1) Business Day s
prior written notice to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent of any such conversion. 

90 

Section 2.18 
 Reinvestment of Principal Collections . 

On the terms and conditions
hereinafter set forth as certified in writing to the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent, prior to the end of the Revolving
Period, the Servicer may, to the extent of any Principal Collections on deposit in the Principal Collection Subaccount: 

(a) 
 direct the Collateral Agent to withdraw such funds for the purpose of reinvesting in additional Eligible Loan Assets to be Granted
hereunder; provided that the following conditions are satisfied: 

(i) 
 all conditions precedent set forth in Section 3.02 and Section
3.04 have been satisfied; 

(ii) 
 no Event of Default has occurred, or would result from such withdrawal and reinvestment, and no Unmatured Event of Default exists
or would result from such withdrawal and reinvestment; 

(iii) 
 delivery of a Disbursement Request executed by the Borrower and a Responsible Officer of the Servicer; or 

(b) 
 direct the Collateral Agent to withdraw such funds for the purpose of making payments in respect of the Advances Outstanding in
the applicable Eligible Currency at such time in accordance with and subject to the terms of Section
2.16 . 

Upon the satisfaction of
the applicable conditions set forth in this Section 2.18 (as certified
by the Borrower to the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent), the Collateral Agent shall release funds from the Principal Collection
Subaccount as directed by the Servicer in an amount not to exceed the lesser of (x) the amount requested by the Servicer for reinvestment
or repayment and (y) the amount on deposit in the Principal Collection Subaccount on such day. 

Section 2.19 
 Defaulting Lenders . 

(a) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the portion of
the Loan funded by such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether Required Lenders have taken or may take any action
hereunder and the Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether all Lenders have taken or may have taken any action hereunder;
 provided that any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders which affects such Defaulting Lender differently
than other affected Lenders or Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender, as applicable. 

(b) In
the event that the Administrative Agent, and, so long as no Event of Default exists, the Borrower determines (such determination not
to be unreasonably withheld) that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting
Lender, such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender and the provisions of clause (a) above shall, from and after such determination,
cease to be of further force or effect with respect to such Lender; provided that no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to
a non-Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from such Lender having been
a Defaulting Lender. 

91 

(c) 
 Replacement of a Lender . 

(i) 
 If any Lender other than Morgan Stanley becomes a Defaulting Lender or a Lender other than Morgan Stanley or any Affiliate thereof
imposes or attempts to impose costs pursuant to Section 2.10, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon not less than
five (5) Business Days advance notice to the Administrative Agent and (if different) the related Lender, (x) require such Lender to assign
and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 12.04 ), all of its respective
interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another
Lender if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that (A) the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the
Administrative Agent with respect to any assignee that is not already a Lender hereunder, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld,
(B) the assignee shall not be an Affiliate of any of the Borrower, the Servicer or the Originator and (C) such assigning Lender shall
have received payment of an amount equal to all outstanding Advances funded or maintained by such Lender, together with all accrued interest
thereon and all accrued Fees or (y) terminate the Commitment of such Lender and repay all Obligations of the Borrower owing to such Lender
relating to the portion of the Advance held by such Lender as of such termination date, without the payment of any penalty, fee or premium.
A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or
otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to exist. 

(ii) 
 Any Lender being replaced pursuant to Section 2.19(c)(i) above shall execute and deliver an Assignment and Acceptance with
respect to such Lender's applicable Commitment and outstanding portion of the Advance funded by such Lender. Pursuant to such Assignment
and Acceptance, (A) the assignee Lender shall acquire all or a portion, as the case may be, of the assigning Lender s Commitment
and outstanding portion of the Advance and (B) all obligations of the Borrower owing to the assigning Lender relating to the Advance and
Commitments so assigned shall be paid in full by the assignee Lender to such assigning Lender concurrently with such Assignment and Acceptance,
the assignee Lender shall become a Lender hereunder and under each of the Transaction Documents and the assigning Lender shall cease to
constitute a Lender hereunder with respect to such assigned portion of the Advance and Commitments, except with respect to indemnification
provisions under this Agreement, which shall survive as to such assignment Lender. In connection with any such replacement, if any such
Defaulting Lender does not execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a duly executed Assignment and Acceptance reflecting such replacement
within three (3) Business Days of the date on which the assignee Lender executes and delivers such Assignment and Acceptance to such Defaulting
Lender, then such Defaulting Lender shall be deemed to have executed and delivered such Assignment and Acceptance without any action on
the part of the Defaulting Lender. 

Section 2.20 
 Investment of Amounts on Deposit in Contribution Account . The Collateral Custodian shall cause the Account Bank, prior to
the Closing Date, to establish a single, segregated non-interest bearing account, which shall be designated as the Contribution Account,
in the name of and for the benefit of the Borrower. The Servicer may, to the extent of any amounts on deposit in the Contribution Account,
withdraw such funds for the purpose of investing in Non-Levered Loan Assets. For the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower, or the Servicer
on behalf of the Borrower, shall have sole rights of withdrawal with respect to the Contribution Account, and the Account Bank shall only
withdraw funds from the Contribution Account pursuant to the instructions of the Borrower or the Servicer. 

92 

Section 2.21 
 Incremental Facilities . 

(a) The
Borrower may, by written notice to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, elect to request, prior to the last day of the Revolving
Period, an increase to the existing Commitments (any such increase, the New
Commitments by an amount with the consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender whose Commitment is being increased
thereby in their respective sole discretion and subject to any internal approvals; provided that, each increase shall be in a
minimum of at least 5,000,000 or a larger multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof (or, in each case, in such other amounts as the Administrative
Agent may reasonably agree) and the aggregate amount of all Commitments outstanding, at any given time, shall not exceed 275,000,000.
Each such notice shall specify (i) the amount of the New Commitment, (ii) the date (each, an Increased
Amount Date on which the Borrower proposes that the New Commitments shall be effective and approved in writing by
the Administrative Agent and (iii) the identity of each Lender or other Person (each, an Increasing
Lender to whom the Borrower proposes any portion of such New Commitments be allocated and the amounts of such allocations
(if then known). Such New Commitments shall become effective as of such Increased Amount Date; provided
 that (A) no Event of Default shall exist on such Increased Amount Date before or after giving effect to such New Commitments;
(B) the New Commitments shall be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance for each existing Lender or one or more Joinder Supplements
for any new Lender executed and delivered by the Borrower, such new Lender and the Administrative Agent, and each of which shall be recorded
in the Register; (C) the Borrower shall pay any applicable Breakage Fees in connection with the New Commitments and shall pay any other
required fees in connection with the New Commitments; (D) the Borrower shall deliver or cause to be delivered any legal opinions or other
customary closing documents (substantially consistent with the documents set forth in Section 3.01 reasonably requested by Administrative
Agent or an Increasing Lender in connection with any such transaction; and (E) the effectiveness of any allocation of New Commitments
to a non Lender shall be subject to the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. 

(b) On any Increased Amount Date on which New Commitments are effected, subject to the satisfaction of the foregoing terms and conditions,
(i) each of the existing Lenders shall assign to each of the Increasing Lenders, and each of the Increasing Lenders shall purchase from
each of the existing Lenders, at the principal amount thereof (together with accrued interest), such interests in the Advances Outstanding
on such Increased Amount Date as shall be necessary in order that, after giving effect to all such assignments and purchases, such Advances
will be held by existing Lenders and Increasing Lenders ratably in accordance with their Commitments after giving effect to the addition
of such New Commitments to the Commitments, (ii) each New Commitment shall be deemed, for all purposes, a Commitment and each Advance
made thereunder (a New Advance shall be deemed,
for all purposes, an Advance and (iii) each new Lender shall become a Lender with respect to the Commitments and all matters relating
thereto. 

93 

(c) 
 The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders promptly upon receipt of the Borrower s notice of each Increased Amount
Date and in respect thereof (i) the New Commitments and the Increasing Lenders and (ii) in the case of each notice to any Lender, the
respective interests in such Lender s Advances, in each case subject to the assignments contemplated by this Section 2.21 . 

The terms and provisions of
the New Advances shall be identical to the Advances. Each Assignment and Acceptance or each Joinder Supplement, as applicable, may, without
the consent of any other Lenders, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents as may be necessary or
appropriate, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, and consented to by the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld),
to effect the provisions of this Section 2.21 . 

ARTICLE
III 
 
 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 

Section 3.01 
 Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness . 

(a) 
 This Agreement shall be effective upon satisfaction of the conditions precedent that: 

(i) 
 all acts and conditions (including, the obtaining of any necessary consents and regulatory approvals and the making of any required
filings, recordings or registrations) required to be done and performed and to have happened prior to the execution, delivery and performance
of this Agreement and all related Transaction Documents and to constitute the same legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in
accordance with their respective terms, shall have been done and performed and shall have happened in due and strict compliance with all
Applicable Law; 

(ii) 
 in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent, there has not been (x) any change in Applicable Law which adversely affects
any Lender's or the Administrative Agent's ability to enter into the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents or (y) any
Material Adverse Effect or material disruption in the financial, banking or commercial loan or capital markets generally; 

(iii) 
 any and all information submitted to each Lender and the Administrative Agent by any Loan Party, the Originator or the Servicer
or any of their Affiliates is true and accurate; 

(iv) 
 each Lender shall have received all documentation and other information requested by such Lender and/or required by regulatory
authorities with respect to any Loan Party, the Originator and the Servicer under applicable know your customer and Anti-Money
Laundering Laws, including, the Patriot Act, all in form and substance satisfactory to each Lender; 

94 

(v) 
 the Administrative Agent shall have received on or before the date of such effectiveness the items listed in Schedule I 
hereto, each in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and each Lender; 

(vi) 
 in the judgment of the Administrative Agent and each Lender, there shall have been no material adverse change in any Loan Party's
(or the Servicer's) underwriting, servicing, collection, operating and reporting procedures and systems since the completion of due diligence
by the Administrative Agent and each Lender; 

(vii) 
 the results of the Administrative Agent's financial, legal, tax and accounting due diligence relating to the Originator, each Loan
Party, the Servicer, the Eligible Loan Assets and the transactions contemplated hereunder are satisfactory to the Administrative Agent;
and 

(viii) 
 the Borrower shall have paid in full all fees then required to be paid, including all fees required hereunder and under the applicable
Lender Fee Letters and the Wells Fargo Fee Letter and shall have reimbursed the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Custodian,
the Account Bank and the Collateral Agent for all fees, costs and expenses of closing the transactions contemplated hereunder and under
the other Transaction Documents, including the attorney fees and any other legal and document preparation costs incurred by the Lenders
and the Administrative Agent. 

(b) 
 By its execution and delivery of this Agreement, each of the Borrower and the Servicer hereby certifies that each of the conditions
precedent to the effectiveness of this Agreement set forth in this Section
3.01 (other than such conditions precedent subject to the judgment, consent or satisfaction of the Administrative Agent or
any Lender) have been satisfied. 

Section 3.02 
 Conditions Precedent to All Advances . Each Advance to the Borrower from the Lenders shall be subject to the further conditions
precedent that: 

(a) On
the Advance Date of such Advance, the following statements shall be true and correct, and the Borrower by accepting any amount of such
Advance shall be deemed to have certified that: 

(i) 
 the Servicer (on behalf of the Borrower) shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent and each Lender (with a copy to the Collateral
Custodian and the Collateral Agent), no later than noon on (i) the proposed Advance Date for Dollar Advances and (ii) the Business Day
prior to the proposed Advance Date for Advances in an Eligible Currency other than Dollars (or such shorter period as agreed to from time
to time by the Administrative Agent and each Lender): (A) a Notice of Borrowing and an Officer's Certificate (which may be included as
part of the Notice of Borrowing) computed as of the proposed Advance Date and after giving effect thereto and to the purchase by the Borrower
of the Eligible Loan Assets to be purchased by it on such Advance Date, demonstrating that the Investment Criteria are satisfied on the
date on which the Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf) commits to purchase such Eligible Loan Asset (and after giving effect to such
commitment), (B) a Borrowing Base Certificate, (C) a Loan Asset Schedule and (D) such additional information, approvals, documents, certificates
and reports as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent and an executed copy of each assignment and assumption agreement,
transfer document or instrument (including any Loan Assignment) relating to each Loan Asset to be Granted evidencing the assignment of
such Loan Asset from any prior third party owner thereof directly to the applicable Loan Party (other than in the case of any Loan Asset
acquired by the applicable Loan Party at origination); 

95 

(ii) 
 the Borrower shall have delivered to the Collateral Custodian (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), no later than 4:00 p.m.
on the related Advance Date, a copy of the duly executed original promissory notes of the Loan Assets (or, in the case of any Noteless
Loan, a fully executed assignment agreement or credit agreement (as applicable)); provided 
that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower shall cause the Loan Asset Checklist and the other Required Loan Documents with respect
to such Loan Assets to be in the possession of the Collateral Custodian not later than (A) five (5) Business Days if the Servicer or its
Affiliate is the agent with respect to such Loan Asset and (B) otherwise, thirty (30) days in each case after the related Cut-Off Date
as to any Loan Assets; 

(iii) the
representations and warranties contained in Sections 4.01 , 4.02 
and 4.03 are true and correct in all respects, and there exists no
material breach of any covenant contained in Sections 5.01 , 5.02 , 5.03 and 5.04 before and after giving
effect to the Advance to take place on such Advance Date and to the application of proceeds therefrom, on and as of such day as
though made on and as of such date (other than any representation and warranty that is made as of a specific date); 

(iv) 
 no Event of Default has occurred, or would result from such Advance, no Unmatured Event of Default or Borrowing Base Deficiency
exists or would result from such Advance; 

(v) 
 no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such Advance, which constitutes a Servicer Default or any event which,
if it continues uncured, will, with notice or lapse of time, constitute a Servicer Default; 

(vi) 
 since the Closing Date, there has been no Material Adverse Effect; 

(vii) 
 no Liens exist in respect of Taxes (other than Permitted Liens) which are prior to the lien of the Collateral Agent on the Eligible
Loan Assets to be Granted on such Advance Date; 

96 

(viii) 
 all terms and conditions of each Purchase and Sale Agreement required to be satisfied in connection with the assignment of each
Eligible Loan Asset being Granted hereunder on such Advance Date (and the Related Asset related thereto), including, the perfection of
the applicable Loan Party's interests therein, shall have been satisfied in full, and all filings (including, UCC filings) required to
be made by any Person and all actions required to be taken or performed by any Person in any jurisdiction to give the Collateral Agent,
for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a first priority perfected security interest (subject only to Permitted Liens) in the Collateral,
including such Eligible Loan Assets and the Related Asset and the proceeds thereof shall have been made, taken or performed; 

(ix) 
 the Loan Asset to be acquired with the proceeds of such Advance is an Eligible Loan Asset as of the date of funding; and 

(x) 
 (A) with respect to Eligible Loan Assets purchased with Advances, such Advance shall be denominated in the same Eligible Currency
as such Loan Asset, (B) with respect to Eligible Loan Assets purchased with available Principal Collections, such Principal Collections
shall be denominated in the same Eligible Currency (or converted to such Eligible Currency pursuant to Section 2.17(f)(iii) as
the Loan Asset acquired in connection with such reinvestment and (C) with respect to any substitution pursuant to Section 2.07(a) ,
the Loan sold in connection with such substitution shall be denominated in the same Eligible Currency as the Loan Asset acquired in connection
with such substitution;. 

(b) The Borrower shall have provided a request for an Approval Notice for each Loan Asset intended to be included in the Collateral
in connection with the applicable Advance Date (and such information in respect of each such Loan Asset that is requested by the Administrative
Agent). The Administrative Agent shall have provided an Approval Notice to the Borrower for each of the Eligible Loan Assets identified
in the applicable Loan Asset Schedule for inclusion in the Collateral on the applicable Advance Date. 

(c) No Applicable Law shall prohibit, and no order, judgment or decree of any federal, state or local court or governmental body,
agency or instrumentality shall prohibit or enjoin, the making of such Advances by any Lender or the proposed Grant of Eligible Loan
Assets in accordance with the provisions hereof. 

(d) The
proposed Advance Date shall take place during the Revolving Period. 

(e) The
Borrower shall have paid in full all fees then required to be paid, including all fees required hereunder and under the applicable Lender
Fee Letters and the Wells Fargo Fee Letter. 

The failure to satisfy any
of the foregoing conditions precedent in respect of any Advance shall give rise to a right of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders
to rescind the related Advance, to the extent of funds on deposit in the Collection Account, and direct the Borrower to pay to the Administrative
Agent for the benefit of the Lenders an amount equal to the Advances made during any such time that any of the foregoing conditions precedent
were not satisfied. 

97 

Section 3.03 
 Advances Do Not Constitute a Waiver . No Advance made hereunder shall constitute a waiver of any condition to any Lender's
obligation to make such an Advance unless such waiver is in writing and executed by such Lender. 

Section 3.04 
 Conditions to Acquisition of Loan Assets . Each Grant of an additional Eligible Loan Asset pursuant to Section
2.06 , a Substitute Eligible Loan Asset pursuant to Section 2.07(c) ,
an additional Eligible Loan Asset pursuant to Section 2.18 or
any other Grant of a Loan Asset hereunder shall be subject to the further conditions precedent that (as certified to the Collateral Agent
by the Borrower): 

(a) the Servicer (on behalf of the Borrower) shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent and each Lender (with a copy to the Collateral
Custodian and the Collateral Agent) no later than 5:00 p.m. on the date that is one (1) Business Day prior to the related Cut-Off Date:
(i) a Borrowing Base Certificate, (ii) a Loan Asset Schedule, (iii) and Approval Notice (for each Loan Asset added to the Collateral on
the related Cut-Off Date) and (iv) such additional information, approvals, documents, certificates and reports as may be requested by
the Administrative Agent and an executed copy of each assignment and assumption agreement, transfer document or instrument (including
any Loan Assignment) relating to each Loan Asset to be pledged evidencing the assignment of such Loan Asset from any prior third party
owner thereof directly to the applicable Loan Party (other than in the case of any Loan Asset acquired by the applicable Loan Party at
origination); 

(b) the
Borrower shall have delivered to the Collateral Custodian (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), no later than noon on the related
Cut-Off Date, a copy of the duly executed original promissory notes of the Loan Assets (and, in the case of any Noteless Loan, a fully
executed assignment agreement); provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower shall cause the Loan Asset Checklist
and the Required Loan Documents to be in the possession of the Collateral Custodian not later than (A) five (5) Business Days if the
Servicer or its Affiliate is the agent with respect to such Loan Asset and (B) otherwise, thirty (30) days, in each case after the related
Cut-Off Date as to any Loan Assets; 

(c) with
respect to Eligible Loan Assets purchased with Advances and available Principal Collections, the Investment Criteria are satisfied on
the date on which the Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf) commits to purchase such Eligible Loan Asset (and after giving effect
to such commitment); 

(d) no
Liens exist in respect of Taxes (other than Permitted Liens) which are prior to the lien of the Collateral Agent on the Eligible Loan
Assets to be Granted on such Cut-Off Date; 

(e) all
terms and conditions of each Purchase and Sale Agreement required to be satisfied in connection with the assignment of each Eligible
Loan Asset being Granted hereunder on such Cut-Off Date (and the Related Asset), including, the perfection of the applicable Loan Party's
interests therein, shall have been satisfied in full, and all filings (including, UCC filings) required to be made by any Person and
all actions required to be taken or performed by any Person in any jurisdiction to give the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the
Secured Parties, a first priority perfected security interest (subject only to Permitted Liens) in such Eligible Loan Assets and the
Related Asset and the proceeds thereof shall have been made, taken or performed; 

98 

(f) the Administrative Agent shall have provided an Approval Notice to the Borrower for each of the Eligible Loan Assets identified
in the applicable Loan Asset Schedule for inclusion in the Collateral on the applicable Cut-Off Date; 

(g) no
Event of Default has occurred, or would result from such Grant, and no Unmatured Event of Default exists, or would result from such Grant
(other than, with respect to any Grant of an Eligible Loan Asset necessary to cure a Borrowing Base Deficiency in accordance with Section
2.06 , an Unmatured Event of Default arising solely pursuant to such Borrowing Base Deficiency); and 

(h) the representations and warranties contained in Sections 4.01 , 4.02 and 4.03 are true and correct in all material
respects, and there exists no breach of any covenant contained in Sections 5.01 , 5.02 , 5.03 and 5.04 before
and after giving effect to the Grant to take place on such Cut-Off Date, on and as of such day as though made on and as of such date (other
than any representation and warranty that is made as of a specific date). 

ARTICLE
IV 
 
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

Section 4.01 
 Representations and Warranties of the Loan Parties . Each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants, as of each Measurement
Date and as of each other date provided under this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents on which such representations and warranties
are required to be (or deemed to be) made (unless a specific date is specified below): 

(a) Organization,
Good Standing and Due Qualification . Such Loan Party is a limited liability company, duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has the power and all licenses necessary to own its assets and to transact the business
in which it is engaged and is duly qualified and in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction where the transaction of such business
or its ownership of the Loan Assets and the Collateral requires such qualification. 

(b) Power and Authority; Due Authorization; Execution and Delivery . Such Loan Party has the power, authority and legal right
to make, deliver and perform this Agreement and each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and all of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby, and has taken all necessary action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each
of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and to Grant to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a first
priority perfected security interest in the Collateral on the terms and conditions of this Agreement, subject only to Permitted Liens. 

(c) Binding Obligation . This Agreement and each of the Transaction Documents to which such Loan Party is a party constitutes
the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against it in accordance with their respective terms, except as
the enforceability hereof and thereof may be limited by Bankruptcy Laws and by general principles of equity (whether such enforceability
is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). 

99 

(d) All Consents Required . No consent of any other party and no consent, license, approval or authorization of, or registration
or declaration with, any Governmental Authority, bureau or agency is required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance
by such Loan Party of this Agreement or any Transaction Document to which it is a party or the validity or enforceability of this Agreement
or any such Transaction Document or the Loan Assets or the transfer of an ownership interest or security interest in such Loan Assets,
other than such as have been met or obtained and are in full force and effect. 

(e) No Violation . The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it
is a party and all other agreements and instruments executed and delivered or to be executed and delivered pursuant hereto or thereto
in connection with the Grant of the Collateral will not (i) create any Lien on the Collateral other than Permitted Liens or (ii) violate
any Applicable Law or the Constituent Documents of such Loan Party or (iii) violate any contract or other agreement to which such Loan
Party is a party or by which such Loan Party or any property or assets of such Loan Party may be bound. 

(f) No
Proceedings . There is no litigation or administrative proceeding or investigation pending or threatened against such Loan Party or
any properties of such Loan Party, before any Governmental Authority (i) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement or any other Transaction
Document to which such Loan Party is a party, (ii) seeking to prevent the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which such Loan Party is a party or (iii) seeking any determination or ruling that could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(g) Selection
Procedures . In selecting the Loan Assets to be Granted pursuant to this Agreement, no selection procedures were employed which are
intended to be adverse to the interests of the Lenders. 

(h) Bulk Sales . The Grant of the security interest in the Collateral by such Loan Party to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit
of the Secured Parties, pursuant to this Agreement, is in the ordinary course of business for such Loan Party and is not subject to the
bulk transfer or any similar statutory provisions in effect in any applicable jurisdiction. 

(i) Grant
of Collateral . The Loan Parties have good and marketable title to all of the Collateral. Such Loan Party has taken all actions necessary
to perfect its interest in the Collateral transferred by the Originator. Except as otherwise expressly permitted by the terms of this
Agreement, no item of Collateral has been sold, transferred, assigned or pledged by such Loan Party to any Person, other than as contemplated
by Article II and the Grant of such Collateral to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement. 

(j) Indebtedness .
Such Loan Party has no Indebtedness, secured or unsecured, direct or contingent (including guaranteeing any obligation), other than (i)
Indebtedness incurred under the terms of the Transaction Documents and (ii) Indebtedness incurred pursuant to certain ordinary business
expenses arising pursuant to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 

100 

(k) 
 Sole Purpose . Such Loan Party has been formed solely for
the purpose of engaging in transactions of the types contemplated by this Agreement, and has not engaged in any business activity other
than the negotiation, execution and to the extent applicable, performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents; provided that, any Securitization Subsidiary may enter into any agreements or letters (including, but not
limited to, engagement letters, term sheets and agreements with rating agencies), so long as any Lien created thereunder is expressly
subordinated to the Liens created hereunder, as is customary for an issuer prior to and in contemplation of a Securitization. 

(l) 
 No Injunctions . No injunction, writ, restraining order
or other order of any nature adversely affects such Loan Party's performance of its obligations under this Agreement or any Transaction
Document to which such Loan Party is a party. 

(m) 
 Taxes . Such Loan Party has filed or caused to be filed
(on a consolidated basis or otherwise) on a timely basis all tax returns (including, all foreign, federal, state, local and other tax
returns) required to be filed by it, is not liable for Taxes payable by any other Person and has paid or made adequate provisions for
the payment of all Taxes, assessments and other governmental charges due and payable from such Loan Party except for those Taxes being
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and in respect of which it has established reserves in accordance with GAAP on its
books or to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Tax lien (other
than a Permitted Lien) or similar adverse claim has been filed, and no claim is being asserted, with respect to any such Tax, assessment
or other governmental charge. Any Taxes, fees and other governmental charges due and payable by such Loan Party in connection with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby have
been paid or shall have been paid if and when due. 

(n) 
 Location . Such Loan Party's location (within the meaning
of Article 9 of the UCC) is Delaware. The chief executive office of such Loan Party (and the location of such Loan Party's records regarding
the Collateral (other than those delivered to the Collateral Custodian)) is located at the address set forth in Section 12.02 
(or at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other parties hereto). 

(o) 
 Tradenames . Such Loan Party has not changed its name since
its formation and does not have tradenames, fictitious names, assumed names or doing business as names under which it has
done or is doing business. 

(p) 
 Solvency . Such Loan Party is not the subject of any Bankruptcy
Proceedings or Bankruptcy Event. Such Loan Party is Solvent, and the transactions under this Agreement and any other Transaction Document
to which such Loan Party is a party do not and will not render such Loan Party not Solvent. Such Loan Party is paying its debts as they
become due (subject to any applicable grace period); and such Loan Party, after giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby,
will have adequate capital to conduct its business. 

101 

(q) 
 No Subsidiaries . Such Loan Party has no Subsidiaries other
than, in the case of the Borrower, the Securitization Subsidiaries party hereto. 

(r) 
 Value Given . Such Loan Party has given fair consideration
and reasonably equivalent value to the Originator (or such other Permitted Seller) in exchange for the purchase of the Loan Assets (or
any number of them) from the Originator (or such other Permitted Seller) pursuant to the applicable Purchase and Sale Agreement. No such
transfer has been made for or on account of an antecedent debt owed by such Loan Party to the Originator and no such transfer is or may
be voidable or subject to avoidance under any section of the Bankruptcy Code. 

(s) 
 Reports Accurate . All Servicer Certificates, Servicing
Reports, Notices of Borrowing, Borrowing Base Certificates and other written or electronic information, exhibits, financial statements,
documents, books, records or reports furnished by such Loan Party (or the Servicer on its behalf) to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral
Agent, the Lenders or the Collateral Custodian in connection with the Transaction Documents are, as of their date, accurate, true and
correct in all material respects and no such document or certificate omits to state a material fact or any fact necessary to make the
statements contained therein not misleading in all material respects; provided that, solely with respect to written or electronic
factual information furnished by the Servicer which was provided to the Servicer from an Obligor with respect to a Loan Asset, such information
need only be accurate, true and correct to the knowledge of such Loan Party. Any projections or forward-looking information (including
such statements with respect to the collectability of, or risks or benefits associated with a Loan Asset) provided by or on behalf of
the Servicer were prepared in good faith based on assumptions believed by the Servicer to be reasonable at the time so prepared. 

(t) 
 Exchange Act Compliance ; Regulations T, U and X . None of
the transactions contemplated herein or in the other Transaction Documents (including, the use of proceeds from the sale of the Collateral)
will violate or result in a violation of Section 7 of the Exchange Act, or any regulations issued pursuant thereto, including, Regulations
T, U and X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, 12 C.F.R., Chapter II. Such Loan Party does not own or intend to
carry or purchase, and no proceeds from the Advances will be used to carry or purchase, any Margin Stock or to extend purpose credit 
within the meaning of Regulation U. 

(u) 
 No Adverse Agreements . There are no agreements in effect
adversely affecting the rights of such Loan Party to make, or cause to be made, the grant of the security interest in the Collateral
contemplated by the Grant. 

(v) 
 Event of Default/Unmatured Event of Default . No event has
occurred and is continuing which constitutes an Event of Default or an Unmatured Event of Default (other than any Event of Default or
Unmatured Event of Default which has previously been disclosed to the Administrative Agent as such). 

(w) 
 Servicing Standard . Each of the Loan Assets was underwritten
or acquired and is being serviced in conformance with the Servicing Standard and the standard underwriting, credit, collection, operating
and reporting procedures and systems of the Servicer or the Originator. 

102 

(x) 
 ERISA . 

(i) 
 The present value of all benefits vested under each Pension Plan does not exceed the value of the assets of the Pension Plan allocable
to such vested benefits (based on the value of such assets as of the last annual valuation date) determined in accordance with the assumptions
used for funding such Pension Plan pursuant to Sections 412 and 430 of the Code. No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected
to occur, that, in the aggregate, could subject such Loan Party to any material tax, penalty or other liability. 

(ii) 
 Each Foreign Plan is in compliance in all material respects with its terms and with the requirements of any and all Applicable
Laws, statutes, rules, regulations and orders and has been maintained, where required, in good standing with applicable regulatory authorities.
Except as could not, in the aggregate, subject such Loan Party to any material tax, penalty or other liability: (i) all contributions
required to be made with respect to a Foreign Plan have been timely made; (ii) such Loan Party has not incurred any obligations in connection
with the termination of, or withdrawal from, any Foreign Plan; and (iii) the present value of the accrued benefit liabilities (whether
or not vested) under each Foreign Plan, determined as of the end of such Loan Party's most recently ended fiscal year on the basis of
reasonable actuarial assumptions, did not exceed the current value of the assets of such Foreign Plan allocable to such benefit liabilities. 

(iii) 
 Such Loan Party (a) is not a Benefit Plan Investor and (b) is not a governmental plan within the meaning of Section
3(32) of ERISA Governmental Plan ), and neither such Loan Party nor any transactions by or with such Loan Party are
subject to state statutes regulating investments of and fiduciary obligations with respect to Governmental Plans or to state statutes
that impose prohibitions similar to those contained in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code Similar Law ). 

(y) Allocation
of Charges . There is not any agreement or understanding between the Servicer and such Loan Party (other than as expressly set
forth herein or as consented to by the Administrative Agent), providing for the allocation or sharing of obligations to make
payments or otherwise in respect of any taxes, fees, assessments or other governmental charges. 

(z) 
 Broker/Dealer . Such Loan Party is not a broker/dealer or subject to the Securities Investor Protection Act of 1970, as amended. 

(aa) 
 Instructions to Obligors . The Collection Account is the only account to which Obligors (solely with respect to non-agented
Loan Assets), agent banks or administrative agents on the Loan Assets have been instructed by such Loan Party, or the Servicer on the
Loan Party's behalf, to send Principal Collections and Interest Collections on the Collateral. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Securitization
Subsidiary may notify administrative or payment agents of any change in payment instructions necessary to close a Securitization. Such
Loan Party has not granted any Person other than the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, a Lien on the Collection Account. 

103 

(bb) 
 Investment Company Act . Such Loan Party is not required to register as an investment company under the provisions
of the 1940 Act. 

(cc) 
 Compliance with Law . Such Loan Party (i) has complied in all material respects with all Applicable Law to which it may be
subject and (ii) is not in violation of any order of any Governmental Authority or other board or tribunal. Such Loan Party has not received
any notice that it is not in compliance in any respect with any of the requirements of the foregoing. 

(dd) 
 Collections . Such Loan Party acknowledges that all Available Collections received by it or its Affiliates with respect to
the Collateral Granted hereunder are held and shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured
Parties until deposited into the Collection Account within two (2) Business Days after receipt as required herein. 

(ee) 
 Set-Off, etc . No Loan Asset in the Collateral has been compromised, satisfied, rescinded or set-off by such Loan Party,
the Originator or the Obligor thereof, and no Loan Asset in the Collateral is subject to compromise, satisfaction, rescission, set-off,
counterclaim, defense, abatement, suspension, deferment, deduction, reduction or termination or whether arising out of transactions concerning
the Collateral or otherwise, by such Loan Party, the Originator or the Obligor with respect thereto, except, in each case, for amendments,
adjustments, extensions, subordination and modifications, if any, to such Collateral otherwise permitted pursuant to Section 6.04(a) 
of this Agreement and in accordance with the Servicing Standard. 

(ff) 
 Securitization Subsidiaries . In the case of the Borrower only, each Securitization Subsidiary is in compliance with the
representations and warranties set forth in this Section 4.01 . 

(gg) Environmental .
With respect to each item of Related Collateral as of the applicable Cut-Off Date for the Loan Asset related to such Related
Collateral, to the actual knowledge of a Responsible Officer of such Loan Party: (i) the related Obligor's operations comply in all
material respects with all applicable Environmental Laws; (ii) none of the related Obligor's operations is the subject of a federal
or state investigation evaluating whether any remedial action, involving expenditures, is needed to respond to a release of any
Materials of Environmental Concern into the environment; and (iii) the related Obligor does not have any material contingent
liability in connection with any release of any Materials of Environmental Concern into the environment, in each case, except as
otherwise specified in the Underlying Instruments pertaining to such Loan Asset. As of the applicable Cut-Off Date for the Loan
Asset related to such Related Collateral, none of such Loan Party, the Originator nor the Servicer has received any written or
verbal notice of, or inquiry from any Governmental Authority regarding, any violation, alleged violation, non-compliance, liability
or potential liability regarding environmental matters or compliance with Environmental Laws with regard to any of the Related
Collateral, nor does any such Person have knowledge or reason to believe that any such notice will be received or is being
threatened. 

104 

(hh) 
 Anti-Terrorism; OFAC; Anti-Corruption . 

(i) 
 None of such Loan Party nor any of its Affiliates nor, to the knowledge of such Loan Party, any Obligor (i) is a Person whose property
or interest in property is blocked or subject to blocking pursuant to Section 1 of Executive Order 13224 of September 23, 2001 Blocking
Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism (66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (2001)), (ii)
engages in any dealings or transactions prohibited by Section 2 of such executive order, or is otherwise associated with any such Person
in any manner violative of Section 2 of such executive order, or (iii) is a Person (1) designated on OFAC's list of Specially Designated
Nationals and Blocked Persons or otherwise the subject of any Sanctions or (2) in violation of the limitations or prohibitions under any
other Sanctions. 

(ii) 
 None of such Loan Party nor any of its Affiliates (i) is a Politically Exposed Person, immediate family member of a Politically
Exposed Person or close associate of a Politically Exposed Person; or (ii) a foreign shell bank. For purposes of the forgoing, foreign
shell bank means a bank that does not maintain a physical presence in any country and is not subject to inspection by a banking
authority. 

(iii) 
 No part of the proceeds of any Advance will be used by such Loan Party or any of its Affiliates, or permitted to be used by any
other Person (in each case, directly or indirectly including by an Obligor), (i) for any payments to any governmental official or employee,
political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order
to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of applicable anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws,
including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended; (ii) to fund or facilitate any money laundering or terrorist
financing activities or business, or in any other manner that would cause or result in violation of applicable anti-money laundering laws,
rules or regulations, including the Patriot Act, as amended (collectively, Anti-Money Laundering Laws or (iii) to
fund any activities or business of or with any Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is, or whose
government is, the subject of Sanctions, or in any other manner that would result in a violation by any Person of any Sanctions. 

(iv) 
 No Collateral or any portion thereof is or will consist of funds, assets or other property or interests in property that is blocked
or frozen pursuant to any Sanctions. 

(v) 
 Such Loan Party acknowledges by executing this Agreement that each Lender and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf
of any other Lender) hereby notifies such Loan Party that United States law requires each United States Lender and the Administrative
Agent to obtain, verify and record information that identifies such Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of such
Loan Party (and certain Persons having a beneficial interest in such Loan Party) and other information that will allow such Lender and
the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify such Loan Party. 

105 

(ii) 
 Security Interest . 

(i) 
 This Agreement creates a valid and continuing security interest (as defined in the applicable UCC) in the Collateral in favor of
the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, which security interest is prior to all other Liens (except for Permitted Liens),
and is enforceable as such against creditors of and purchasers from such Loan Party; 

(ii) 
 the Collateral is comprised of instruments, security entitlements, general intangibles, accounts, 
 certificated securities, uncertificated securities, securities accounts, deposit accounts, 
 supporting obligations or insurance (each as defined in the applicable UCC) and/or such other category of collateral
under the applicable UCC as to which such Loan Party has complied with its obligations under this Section 4.01(ii) ; 

(iii) 
 with respect to Collateral that constitute security entitlements : 

a. 
 all of such security entitlements have been credited to one of the Controlled Accounts and the securities intermediary for each
Controlled Account has agreed to treat all assets credited to such Controlled Account as financial assets within the meaning
of the applicable UCC; 

b. 
 such Loan Party has taken all steps necessary to cause the securities intermediary to identify in its records such Loan Party,
subject to the Lien of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, as the Person having a security entitlement against
the securities intermediary in each of the Controlled Accounts; and 

c. the
Controlled Accounts are not in the name of any Person other than such Loan Party, as applicable, subject to the lien of the
Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties. The securities intermediary of any Controlled Account which is a
 securities account under the UCC has agreed to comply with the entitlement orders and instructions of such Loan Party,
as applicable, the Servicer and the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Administrative Agent) in accordance with the
Transaction Documents, including causing cash to be invested in Permitted Investments; provided that, upon the delivery of a
Notice of Exclusive Control by the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Administrative Agent), the securities
intermediary has agreed to only follow the entitlement orders and instructions of the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured
Parties, including with respect to the investment of cash in Permitted Investments; 

106 

(iv) 
 all Controlled Accounts constitute securities accounts or deposit accounts as defined in the applicable
UCC; 

(v) 
 with respect to any Controlled Account which constitutes a deposit account as defined in the applicable UCC, such Loan
Party, the Account Bank and the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, have entered into an account control agreement which
permits the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties to direct disposition of the funds in such deposit account without further
consent of such Loan Party; 

(vi) 
 such Loan Party owns and has good and marketable title to (or, with respect to its interests in assets securing any Loan Assets,
a valid security interest in) the Collateral (other than with respect to the Controlled Accounts) free and clear of any Lien (other than
Permitted Liens) of any Person; 

(vii) 
 such Loan Party has received all consents and approvals required by the terms of any Loan Asset to the granting of a security interest
in the Loan Assets hereunder to the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties (after giving effect to any provisions of the UCC
that render such requirement void); 

(viii) 
 such Loan Party has caused the filing of all appropriate financing statements in the proper filing office in the appropriate jurisdictions
under Applicable Law in order to perfect the security interest in the Collateral and that portion of the Loan Assets in which a security
interest may be perfected by filing granted to the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, under this Agreement; 

(ix) 
 other than as expressly permitted by the terms of this Agreement and the security interest Granted to the Collateral Agent, on
behalf of the Secured Parties, pursuant to this Agreement, such Loan Party has not pledged, assigned, sold, granted a security interest
in or otherwise conveyed any of the Collateral. Such Loan Party has not authorized the filing of and is not aware of any financing statements
against such Loan Party that include a description of collateral covering the Collateral other than any financing statement (A) relating
to the security interests granted to such Loan Party under the applicable Purchase and Sale Agreement, or (B) that has been terminated
and/or fully and validly assigned to the Collateral Agent on or prior to the Closing Date. Such Loan Party is not aware of the filing
of any judgment or Tax lien filings against such Loan Party; 

(x) 
 all original executed underlying promissory notes that constitute or evidence each Loan Asset has been, or subject to the delivery
requirements contained herein, will be delivered to the Collateral Custodian; 

(xi) 
 [reserved]; 

107 

(xii) 
 none of the underlying promissory notes (if any) that constitute or evidence the Loan Assets has any marks or notations indicating
that they have been pledged, assigned or otherwise conveyed to any Person other than the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties; 

(xiii) 
 with respect to any Collateral that constitutes a certificated security, such certificated security has been delivered
to the Collateral Custodian, on behalf of the Secured Parties and, if in registered form, has been specially Indorsed to the Collateral
Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, or in blank by an effective Indorsement or has been registered in the name of the Collateral
Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, upon original issue or registration of transfer by such Loan Party of such certificated
security; and 

(xiv) 
 with respect to any Collateral that constitutes an uncertificated security, that such Loan Party shall cause the issuer
of such uncertificated security to register the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, as the registered owner of such uncertificated
security. 

(jj) 
 [Reserved] . 

(kk) 
 Constituent Documents in Effect . The Borrower LLC Agreement and the Constituent Documents of each Loan Party remain in full
force and effect and there exists no breach of, default under, or threatened breach of, the Borrower LLC Agreement or any Constituent
Document of such Loan Party by the Borrower, such Loan Party or the Originator that could reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse
Effect. 

Section 4.02 
 Representations and Warranties of each Loan Party Relating to the Agreement and the Collateral . Each Loan Party hereby represents
and warrants, as of the Closing Date, as of each applicable Cut-Off Date (solely with respect to the relevant Loan Assets being pledged
as of such Cut-Off Date), as of each Measurement Date and as of each other date provided under this Agreement or the other Transaction
Documents on which such representations and warranties are required to be (or deemed to be) made: 

(a) 
 Valid Transfer and Security Interest . This Agreement constitutes a Grant of a security interest in all of the Collateral
to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, which is a valid and first priority perfected security interest in the
Collateral and in that portion of the Collateral in which a security interest may be perfected by filing subject only to Permitted Liens.
No Person claiming through or under such Loan Party shall have any claim to or interest in the Controlled Accounts. 

(b) Eligibility
of Collateral . (i) The Loan Asset Schedule (other than with respect to Non-Levered Loan Assets), and the information contained
in each Notice of Borrowing, is an accurate and complete listing of all the Loan Assets contained in the Collateral as of the
related Cut-Off Date and the information contained therein with respect to the identity of such item of Collateral and the amounts
owing thereunder is true and correct as of the related Cut-Off Date in all material respects, (ii) to the knowledge of such Loan
Party, each Loan Asset designated on any Borrowing Base Certificate as an Eligible Loan Asset and each Loan Asset included as an
Eligible Loan Asset in any calculation of Borrowing Base or Borrowing Base Deficiency is an Eligible Loan Asset and (iii) with
respect to each item of Collateral (other than with respect to Non-Levered Loan Assets), all consents, licenses, approvals or
authorizations of or registrations or declarations of any Governmental Authority or any Person required to be obtained, effected or
given by such Loan Party in connection with the transfer of a security interest in each item of Collateral to the Collateral Agent,
for the benefit of the Secured Parties, have been duly obtained, effected or given and are in full force and effect. 

108 

(c) 
 No Fraud . Each Loan Asset was originated without any fraud or misrepresentation by the Originator or, to the best of such
Loan Party's knowledge, on the part of the Obligor. 

Section 4.03 
 Representations and Warranties of the Servicer . The Servicer hereby represents and warrants, as of each Measurement Date
and as of each other date provided under this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents on which such representations and warranties
are required to be (or deemed to be) made: 

(a) 
 Organization and Good Standing . The Servicer has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing
under the laws of the State of Delaware, with all requisite corporate power and authority to own or lease its properties and to conduct
its business as such business is presently conducted and to enter into and perform its obligations pursuant to this Agreement. 

(b) 
 Due Qualification . The Servicer is duly qualified to do business as a corporation and is in good standing as a corporation,
and has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of its property and or the
conduct of its business requires such qualification, licenses or approvals. 

(c) 
 Power and Authority; Due Authorization; Execution and Delivery . The Servicer (i) has all necessary power, authority and
legal right to (a) execute and deliver this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, (b) carry out the terms
of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and (ii) has duly authorized by all necessary corporate action the execution, delivery
and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party. This Agreement and each other Transaction
Document to which the Servicer is a party have been duly executed and delivered by the Servicer. 

(d) 
 Binding Obligation . This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which the Servicer is a party constitutes a legal,
valid and binding obligation of the Servicer enforceable against the Servicer in accordance with its respective terms, except as such
enforceability may be limited by Bankruptcy Laws and general principles of equity (whether considered in a suit at law or in equity). 

(e) No
Violation . The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it
is a party and the fulfillment of the terms hereof and thereof will not (i) conflict with, result in any breach of any of the terms
and provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) a default under, the Servicer's Constituent
Documents or any contractual obligation of the Servicer, (ii) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of the
Servicer's properties pursuant to the terms of any contractual obligation, other than this Agreement and Permitted Liens, or (iii)
violate any Applicable Law. 

109 

(f) 
 No Proceedings . There is no litigation, proceeding or investigation pending or threatened against the Servicer, before any
Governmental Authority (i) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which the Servicer is a party,
(ii) seeking to prevent the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to
which the Servicer is a party or (iii) seeking any determination or ruling that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. 

(g) 
 All Consents Required . All approvals, authorizations, consents, orders, licenses or other actions of any Person or of any
Governmental Authority (if any) required for the due execution, delivery and performance by the Servicer of this Agreement and any other
Transaction Document to which the Servicer is a party have been obtained. 

(h) 
 Reports Accurate . All Servicer Certificate, Servicing Report, Notices of Borrowing, Borrowing Base Certificates and other
written or electronic information, exhibits, financial statements, documents, books, records or reports furnished by the Servicer to the
Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lenders or the Collateral Custodian in connection with the Transaction Documents are,
as of their date, accurate, true and correct in all material respects and no such document or certificate omits to state a material fact
or any fact necessary to make the statements contained therein not misleading in all material respects; provided that, solely with
respect to written or electronic factual information furnished by the Servicer which was provided to the Servicer from an Obligor with
respect to a Loan Asset, such information need only be accurate, true and correct to the knowledge of the Servicer. Any projections or
forward-looking information (including such statements with respect to the collectability of, or risks or benefits associated with a Loan
Asset) provided by or on behalf of the Servicer were prepared in good faith based on assumptions believed by the Servicer to be reasonable
at the time so prepared. 

(i) 
 Servicing Standard . The Servicer has complied in all material respects with the Servicing Standard with regard to the servicing
of the Loan Assets. 

(j) 
 Collections . The Servicer acknowledges that all Available Collections received by it or its Affiliates with respect to the
Collateral transferred or Granted hereunder are held and shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Secured Parties until deposited
into the Collection Account within two (2) Business Days from receipt as required herein. 

(k) 
 Solvency . The Servicer is not the subject of any Bankruptcy Proceedings or Bankruptcy Event. The transactions under this
Agreement and any other Transaction Document to which the Servicer is a party do not and will not render the Servicer not Solvent. 

(l) Taxes .
The Servicer has filed or caused to be filed on a timely basis all tax returns that are required to be filed by it (subject to any
extensions to file properly obtained by the same) and is not liable for Taxes payable by any other Person. The Servicer has paid or
made adequate provisions for the payment of all Taxes and all assessments made against it or any of its property (other than any
amount of Tax the validity of which is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which
reserves in accordance with GAAP have been provided on the books of the Servicer or to the extent that the failure to do so could
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect), and no Tax lien (other than a Permitted Lien) has been filed and no
claim is being asserted, with respect to any such Tax, assessment or other charge. 

110 

(m) 
 Exchange Act Compliance; Regulations T, U and X . None of the transactions contemplated herein or the other Transaction Documents
(including, the use of the Proceeds from the sale of the Collateral) will violate or result in a violation of Section 7 of the Exchange
Act, or any regulations issued pursuant thereto, including, Regulations T, U and X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System,
12 C.F.R., Chapter II. 

(n) 
 Security Interest . The Servicer will take all steps necessary to ensure that such Loan Party has granted a security interest
(as defined in the UCC) to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in the Collateral, which is enforceable in accordance
with Applicable Law upon execution and delivery of this Agreement and such security interest is a valid and first priority perfected security
interest in the Loan Assets and that portion of the Collateral in which a security interest may be perfected by filing (except for any
Permitted Liens). All filings (including, such UCC filings) as are necessary for the perfection of the Secured Parties' security interest
in the Loan Assets and that portion of the Collateral in which a security interest may be perfected by filing have been (or prior to the
applicable Advance will be) made. 

(o) 
 ERISA . The present value of all benefits vested under each Servicer Pension Plan does not exceed the value of the assets
of the Servicer Pension Plan allocable to such vested benefits (based on the value of such assets as of the last annual valuation date)
determined in accordance with the assumptions used for funding such Servicer Pension Plan pursuant to Sections 412 and 430 of the Code.
No Servicer ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, in the aggregate, could subject the Servicer to any material
tax, penalty or other liability. 

(p) 
 Anti-Terrorism; OFAC; Anti-Corruption . 

(i) 
 None of the Servicer nor any of its Affiliates nor, to the knowledge of the Servicer, any Obligor (i) is a Person whose property
or interest in property is blocked or subject to blocking pursuant to Section 1 of Executive Order 13224 of September 23, 2001 Blocking
Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism (66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (2001)), (ii)
engages in any dealings or transactions prohibited by Section 2 of such executive order, or is otherwise associated with any such Person
in any manner violative of Section 2 of such executive order, or (iii) is a Person (1) designated on OFAC's list of Specially Designated
Nationals and Blocked Persons or otherwise the subject of any Sanctions or (2) in violation of the limitations or prohibitions under any
other Sanctions. 

111 

(ii) None
of the Servicer nor any of its Affiliates (i) is a Politically Exposed Person, immediate family member of a Politically Exposed
Person or close associate of a Politically Exposed Person; or (ii) a foreign shell bank. For purposes of the forgoing, foreign
shell bank means a bank that does not maintain a physical presence in any country and is not subject to inspection by a
banking authority. 

(iii) 
 No part of the proceeds of any Advance will be used by the Servicer or any of its Affiliates, or permitted to be used by any other
Person (in each case, directly or indirectly including by an Obligor), (i) for any payments to any governmental official or employee,
political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order
to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of applicable anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws,
including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended; (ii) to fund or facilitate any money laundering or terrorist
financing activities or business, or in any other manner that would cause or result in violation of applicable Anti-Money Laundering Laws;
or (iii) to fund any activities or business of or with any Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding,
is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions, or in any other manner that would result in a violation by any Person of any Sanctions. 

(iv) 
 No Collateral or any portion thereof is or will consist of funds, assets or other property or interests in property that is blocked
or frozen pursuant to any Sanctions. 

(v) 
 The Servicer acknowledges by executing this Agreement that each Lender and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf
of any other Lender) hereby notifies such Loan Party that United States law requires each United States Lender and the Administrative
Agent to obtain, verify and record information that identifies such Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of such
Loan Party (and certain Persons having a beneficial interest in such Loan Party) and other information that will allow such Lender and
the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify such Loan Party. 

(q) 
 Environmental . With respect to each item of Related Collateral, to the actual knowledge of a Responsible Officer of the
Servicer: (i) the related Obligor's operations comply in all material respects with all applicable Environmental Laws; (ii) none of the
related Obligor's operations is the subject of a federal or state investigation evaluating whether any remedial action, involving expenditures,
is needed to respond to a release of any Materials of Environmental Concern into the environment; and (iii) the related Obligor does not
have any material contingent liability in connection with any release of any Materials of Environmental Concern into the environment,
in each case, except as otherwise specified in the Underlying Instruments pertaining to such Loan Asset. The Servicer has not received
any written or verbal notice of, or inquiry from any Governmental Authority regarding, any violation, alleged violation, non-compliance,
liability or potential liability regarding environmental matters or compliance with Environmental Laws with regard to any of the Related
Collateral, nor does the Servicer have knowledge or reason to believe that any such notice will be received or is being threatened. 

112 

(r) 
 No Injunctions . No injunction, writ, restraining order or other order of any nature adversely affects the Servicer's performance
of its obligations under this Agreement or any Transaction Document to which the Servicer is a party. 

(s) 
 Instructions to Obligors . The Collection Account is the only account to which Obligors (solely with respect to non-agented
Loan Assets), agent banks or administrative agents on the Loan Assets have been instructed by the Servicer on such Loan Party's behalf
to send Principal Collections and Interest Collections on the Collateral. 

(t) 
 Allocation of Charges . There is not any agreement or understanding between the Servicer and such Loan Party (other than
as expressly set forth herein or as consented to by the Administrative Agent), providing for the allocation or sharing of obligations
to make payments or otherwise in respect of any taxes, fees, assessments or other governmental charges. 

(u) 
 Servicer Default . No event has occurred which constitutes a Servicer Default (other than any Servicer Default which has
previously been disclosed to the Administrative Agent as such). 

(v) 
 Broker/Dealer . The Servicer is not a broker/dealer or subject to the Securities Investor Protection Act of 1970, as amended. 

(w) 
 Compliance with Applicable Law . The Servicer has complied in all material respects with all Applicable Law to which it may
be subject. 

Section 4.04 
 Representations and Warranties of the Collateral Agent . The Collateral Agent in its individual capacity and as Collateral
Agent represents and warrants as follows: 

(a) 
 Organization; Power and Authority . It is a duly organized and validly existing national banking association in good standing
under the laws of the United States. It has full corporate power, authority and legal right to execute, deliver and perform its obligations
as Collateral Agent under this Agreement. 

(b) 
 Due Authorization . The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions provided for herein
have been duly authorized by all necessary association action on its part, either in its individual capacity or as Collateral Agent, as
the case may be. 

(c) 
 No Conflict . The execution and delivery of this Agreement, the performance of the transactions contemplated hereby and the
fulfillment of the terms hereof will not conflict with, result in any breach of its articles of incorporation or bylaws or any of the
terms and provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) a default under any indenture, contract, agreement,
mortgage, deed of trust, or other instrument to which the Collateral Agent is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 

113 

(d) 
 No Violation . The execution and delivery of this Agreement, the performance of the transactions contemplated hereby and
the fulfillment of the terms hereof will not conflict with or violate, in any respect, any Applicable Law. 

(e) 
 All Consents Required . All approvals, authorizations, consents, orders or other actions of any Person or Governmental Authority
applicable to the Collateral Agent, required in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the performance by the Collateral
Agent of the transactions contemplated hereby and the fulfillment by the Collateral Agent of the terms hereof have been obtained. 

(f) 
 Validity, Etc . The Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Collateral Agent, enforceable against
the Collateral Agent in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable Bankruptcy Laws and general
principles of equity (whether considered in a suit at law or in equity). 

Section 4.05 
 Representations and Warranties of the Collateral Custodian . The Collateral Custodian in its individual capacity and as Collateral
Custodian represents and warrants as follows: 

(a) 
 Organization; Power and Authority . It is a duly organized and validly existing national banking association in good standing
under the laws of the United States. It has full corporate power, authority and legal right to execute, deliver and perform its obligations
as Collateral Custodian under this Agreement. 

(b) 
 Due Authorization . The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions provided for herein
have been duly authorized by all necessary association action on its part, either in its individual capacity or as Collateral Custodian,
as the case may be. 

(c) 
 No Conflict . The execution and delivery of this Agreement, the performance of the transactions contemplated hereby and the
fulfillment of the terms hereof will not conflict with, result in any breach of its articles of incorporation or bylaws or any of the
terms and provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) a default under any indenture, contract, agreement,
mortgage, deed of trust, or other instrument to which the Collateral Custodian is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 

(d) 
 No Violation . The execution and delivery of this Agreement, the performance of the transactions contemplated hereby and
the fulfillment of the terms hereof will not conflict with or violate, in any respect, any Applicable Law. 

(e) 
 All Consents Required . All approvals, authorizations, consents, orders or other actions of any Person or Governmental Authority
applicable to the Collateral Custodian, required in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the performance by the
Collateral Custodian of the transactions contemplated hereby and the fulfillment by the Collateral Custodian of the terms hereof have
been obtained. 

(f) 
 Validity, Etc . The Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Collateral Custodian, enforceable
against the Collateral Custodian in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable Bankruptcy Laws
and general principles of equity (whether considered in a suit at law or in equity). 

114 

ARTICLE
V 

GENERAL COVENANTS 

Section 5.01 
 Affirmative Covenants of the Loan Parties . 

From the Closing Date until
the Collection Date: 

(a) 
 Organizational Procedures and Scope of Business . Each Loan Party will observe all organizational procedures required by
its Constituent Documents and the laws of its jurisdiction of formation in all material respects. Without limiting the foregoing, each
Loan Party will limit the scope of its business to: (i) the acquisition of Loan Assets or Non-Levered Loan Assets and the ownership and
management of the Related Asset and the related assets in the Collateral; (ii) the sale, transfer or other disposition of Loan Assets
as and when permitted under the Transaction Documents; (iii) entering into and performing under the Transaction Documents; (iv) consenting
or withholding consent as to proposed amendments, waivers and other modifications of the Underlying Instruments to the extent not in conflict
with the terms of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document; (v) exercising any rights (including but not limited to voting rights
and rights arising in connection with a Bankruptcy Event with respect to an Obligor or the consensual or non-judicial restructuring of
the debt or equity of an Obligor) or remedies in connection with the Loan Assets and participating in the committees (official or otherwise)
or other groups formed by creditors of an Obligor to the extent not in conflict with the terms of this Agreement or any other Transaction
Document; and (vi) engaging in any activity and to exercise any powers permitted to limited liability companies under the laws of the
State of Delaware that are related to the foregoing and necessary, convenient or advisable to accomplish the foregoing; provided 
that, any Securitization Subsidiary may enter into any agreements or letters (including, but not limited to, engagement letters, term
sheets and agreements with rating agencies), so long as any Lien created thereunder is expressly subordinated to the Liens created hereunder,
as is customary for an issuer prior to and in contemplation of a Securitization. 

(b) Special
Purpose Entity Requirements . Each Loan Party will at all times: (i) maintain at least one (1) Independent Manager; (ii) maintain
its own separate books and records and bank accounts; (iii) hold itself out to the public and all other Persons as a legal entity
separate from the Originator and any other Person; (iv) file its own tax returns, if any, as may be required under Applicable Law,
to the extent it is (A) not part of a consolidated group filing a consolidated return or returns or (B) not treated as a division
for tax purposes of another taxpayer, and pay any Taxes so required to be paid under Applicable Law in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement; (v) not commingle its assets with assets of any other Person (other than any Securitization Subsidiary); (vi)
conduct its business in its own name and strictly comply with all organizational formalities to maintain its separate existence;
(vii) maintain separate financial statements, except to the extent that such Loan Party's financial and operating results are
consolidated with those of the Originator in consolidated financial statements or to the extent any Securitization
Subsidiary s financial and operating results are consolidated with those of such Loan Party; provided that appropriate
notation shall be made on such consolidated financial statements to indicate the separateness of such Loan Party from such Affiliate
and to indicate that such Loan Party's assets and credit are not available to satisfy the debts and other obligations of such
Affiliate or any other Person; (viii) pay its own liabilities only out of its own funds; (ix) maintain an arm's-length relationship
with its Affiliates and not enter into any transaction with an Affiliate except on commercially reasonable terms similar to those
available to unaffiliated parties in an arm's length transaction (except for (A) capital contributions or capital distributions
permitted under the terms and conditions of such Loan Party's organizational document and properly reflected on the books and
records of such Loan Party and (B) in connection with the transfer of assets or funds amongst the Borrower and the Securitization
Subsidiaries); (x) pay the salaries of its own employees, if any; (xi) not hold out its credit or assets as being available to
satisfy the obligations of others (it being understood that the assets of the Securitization Subsidiaries shall be pledged to secure
the obligations of the Borrower); (xii) allocate fairly and reasonably any overhead for shared office space; (xiii) to the extent
used, use separate stationery, invoices and checks; (xiv) except as expressly permitted by this Agreement, not pledge its assets as
security for the obligations of any other Person (it being understood that the assets of the Securitization Subsidiaries shall be
pledged to secure the obligations of the Borrower); (xv) correct any known misunderstanding regarding its separate identity; (xvi)
maintain adequate capital in light of its contemplated business purpose transactions and liabilities and pay its operating expenses
and liabilities from its own assets (it being understood that this covenant shall apply to the Borrower and the Securitization
Subsidiaries on a combined basis); (xvii) cause the managers, officers, agents and other representatives of such Loan Party to act
at all times with respect to such Loan Party consistently and in furtherance of the foregoing and in the best interests of such Loan
Party; and (xviii) not acquire the obligations or any securities of its Affiliates (other than the Securitization Subsidiaries).
Where necessary, a Loan Party will obtain proper authorization from its members for limited liability company action. 

115 

(c) 
 Preservation of Company Existence . Each Loan Party will preserve and maintain its limited liability company existence in
good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of formation and will promptly obtain and thereafter maintain qualifications to do business
as a foreign limited liability company in any other state in which it does business and in which it is required to so qualify under Applicable
Law. 

(d) 
 Compliance with Legal Opinions . The Borrower shall take all other actions necessary to maintain the accuracy of the factual
assumptions in all material respects set forth in the legal opinions of Dechert LLP, as special counsel to the Borrower, issued in connection
with the Originator Purchase and Sale Agreement and relating to the issues of substantive consolidation and true sale of the Loan Assets. 

(e) 
 Deposit of Collections . Each Loan Party shall promptly (but in no event later than two (2) Business Days after receipt)
deposit or cause to be deposited into the Collection Account (or, with respect to assets denominated in an Eligible Currency other than
Dollars, the applicable Eligible Currency Account) any and all Available Collections received by such Loan Party, the Servicer or any
of their Affiliates. 

116 

(f) 
 Disclosure of Purchase Price . Each Loan Party shall disclose to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders the purchase price
for each Loan Asset proposed to be acquired by such Loan Party. 

(g) Obligor
Defaults and Bankruptcy Events . To the extent that the Administrative Agent has not received such notice from a Loan Party or
the Servicer in writing, such Loan Party shall give, or shall cause the Servicer to give, notice to the Administrative Agent and the
Lenders within two (2) Business Days of the occurrence of any payment default, other than expenses, by an Obligor under any Loan
Asset or any Bankruptcy Event with respect to any Obligor under any Loan Asset. 

(h) 
 Required Loan Documents . Each Loan Party shall deliver to the Collateral Custodian a hard copy or electronic copy of the
Required Loan Documents (other than with respect to any original executed promissory note and, with respect to Non-Levered Loan Assets,
only Required Loan Documents described in clause (a) of the definition of Required Loan Documents and the Loan Asset Checklist
pertaining to each Loan Asset not later than (i) the Cut-Off Date pertaining to such Loan Asset if the Servicer or its Affiliate is the
agent with respect to such Loan Assets and (ii) otherwise, thirty (30) days after the Cut-Off Date. 

(i) 
 Taxes . Each Loan Party will file or cause to be filed its tax returns, if any, and pay any and all Taxes imposed on it or
its property as required by the Transaction Documents (except as contemplated in Section 4.01(m) ). 

(j) 
 Notice of Event of Default . Each Loan Party shall notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender of the occurrence of any
Event of Default under this Agreement promptly, and in any event within two (2) Business Days, upon obtaining knowledge of such event.
In addition, no later than two (2) Business Days following such Loan Party s knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Event
of Default or Unmatured Event of Default, such Loan Party will provide to the Administrative Agent and each Lender a written statement
of a Responsible Officer of such Loan Party setting forth the details of such event and the action that such Loan Party proposes to take
with respect thereto. 

(k) 
 Notice of Material Events . Each Loan Party shall promptly
notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender of any event or other circumstance that is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse
Effect. 

(l) 
 Notice of Income Tax Liability . Each Loan Party shall furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender notice within
ten (10) Business Days (confirmed in writing within five (5) Business Days thereafter) of the receipt of revenue agent reports or other
written proposals, determinations or assessments of the Internal Revenue Service or any other taxing authority which propose, determine
or otherwise set forth positive adjustments (i) to the Tax liability of the Originator or any affiliated group (of which the
Originator is a member) in an amount equal to or greater than 2,500,000 in the aggregate, or (ii) to the Tax liability of such Loan Party
itself in an amount equal to or greater than 500,000 in the aggregate. Any such notice shall specify the nature of the items giving rise
to such adjustments and the amounts thereof. 

117 

(m) 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification . Each Loan Party shall deliver promptly following the request of the Administrative Agent,
a Beneficial Ownership Certification. 

(n) Notice
of Breaches of Representations and Warranties under this Agreement . Each Loan Party shall promptly notify the Administrative
Agent and each Lender if it obtains knowledge that any representation or warranty set forth in Section 4.01 or Section
4.02 was incorrect at the time it was given or deemed to have been given and at the same time deliver to the Collateral Agent,
the Administrative Agent and the Lenders a written notice setting forth in reasonable detail the nature of such facts and
circumstances. 

(o) 
 Notice of Breaches of Representations and Warranties under each Purchase and Sale Agreement . Each Loan Party confirms and
agrees that such Loan Party will, upon receipt of notice or discovery thereof, promptly send to the Administrative Agent, each Lender
and the Collateral Agent a notice of (i) any breach of any representation, warranty, agreement or covenant under a Purchase and Sale Agreement
or (ii) any event or occurrence that, upon notice, or upon the passage of time or both, would constitute such a breach. 

(p) 
 Notice of Proceedings . Each Loan Party shall notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender, as soon as possible and in
any event within five (5) Business Days, after such Loan Party receives notice or obtains knowledge thereof, of any settlement of, judgment
(including a judgment with respect to the liability phase of a bifurcated trial) in or commencement of any labor controversy, litigation,
action, suit or proceeding before any court or governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic
or foreign, affecting the Collateral, the Transaction Documents, the Collateral Agent's security interest in the Collateral. 

(q) 
 Notice of ERISA Events . Each Loan Party shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender (i) in the event
that a Lien is imposed on any asset of such Loan Party with respect to any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan or (ii) in the event any
ERISA Event occurs. 

(r) 
 Notice of Benefit Plan Investor Status or Prohibited Transaction . Each Loan Party shall promptly notify the Administrative
Agent and each Lender in the event such Loan Party becomes a Benefit Plan Investor, in the event such Loan Party becomes subject to state
statutes regulating investments of or fiduciary obligations with respect to such governmental plans or to state statutes that impose prohibitions
similar to those contained in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or in the event such Loan Party has knowledge that this
Agreement or any other action or transaction in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document will constitute or result
in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or a non-exempt violation of Similar Law. 

(s) 
 [Reserved] . 

(t) 
 Additional Documents . Each Loan Party shall, to the extent reasonably obtainable by such Loan Party, provide the Administrative
Agent and each Lender with (i) copies of such documents as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request evidencing the
truthfulness of the representations set forth in this Agreement or (ii) information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative
Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with the applicable know your customer requirements under the Patriot Act or
other applicable Anti-Money Laundering Laws. 

118 

(u) Protection
of Security Interest . With respect to the Collateral acquired by each Loan Party, such Loan Party will (i) if acquired from the
Originator, acquire such Collateral pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of the applicable Purchase and Sale Agreement or
such other similar agreement, as applicable, (ii) (at the expense of the applicable Loan Party) take all action necessary to
perfect, protect and more fully evidence such Loan Party's ownership of such Collateral free and clear of any Lien other than the
Lien created hereunder and Permitted Liens, including, (A) with respect to the Loan Assets and that portion of the Collateral in
which a security interest may be perfected by filing, filing and maintaining (at the expense of the applicable Loan Party),
effective financing statements against the Originator in all necessary or appropriate filing offices, (including any amendments
thereto or assignments thereof) and filing continuation statements, amendments or assignments with respect thereto in such filing
offices, (including any amendments thereto or assignments thereof) and (B) executing or causing to be executed such other
instruments or notices as may be necessary or appropriate, (iii) (at the expense of the applicable Loan Party) take all action
necessary to cause a valid, subsisting and enforceable first priority perfected security interest, subject only to Permitted Liens,
to exist in favor of the Collateral Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) in such Loan Party's interests in all of the
Collateral being Granted hereunder including the filing of UCC financing statements in the applicable jurisdiction adequately
describing the Collateral (which may include an all asset filing), and naming each Loan Party as debtor and the
Collateral Agent as the secured party, and filing continuation statements, amendments or assignments with respect thereto in such
filing offices, (including any amendments thereto or assignments thereof), (iv) permit the Administrative Agent or any Lender or
their respective agents or representatives to visit the offices of such Loan Party during normal office hours and upon reasonable
advance notice examine and make copies of all documents, books, records and other information concerning the Collateral and discuss
matters related thereto with any of the officers or employees of such Loan Party having knowledge of such matters provided that
such Loan Party shall not be liable for the costs and expenses of more than one such visit in any calendar year unless an Event of
Default has occurred), and (v) take all additional action that the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Collateral Agent may
reasonably request to perfect, protect and more fully evidence the respective first priority perfected security interests of the
parties to this Agreement in the Collateral, or to enable the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to exercise or enforce
any of their respective rights hereunder. 

(v) 
 Liens . Each Loan Party will promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the Lenders of the existence of any Lien on the
Collateral (other than Permitted Liens) and such Loan Party shall defend the right, title and interest of the Collateral Agent, for the
benefit of the Secured Parties, in, to and under the Collateral against all claims of third parties. 

(w) 
 Other Documents . At any time from time to time upon prior written request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, at
the sole expense of such Loan Party, each Loan Party will promptly and duly execute and deliver such further instruments and documents
(to the extent provided to such Loan Party or reasonably obtainable by such Loan Party) and take such further actions as the Administrative
Agent or any Lender may reasonably request for the purposes of obtaining or preserving the full benefits of this Agreement including the
first priority security interest in the Collateral (subject only to Permitted Liens) granted hereunder and of the rights and powers herein
granted (including, among other things, authorizing the filing of such UCC financing statements as the Administrative Agent may request). 

119 

(x) Compliance
with Law . Each Loan Party shall at all times comply in all material respects with all Applicable Law applicable to such Loan
Party or any of its assets (including, Environmental Laws, and all federal securities laws), and such Loan Party shall do or cause
to be done all things necessary to preserve and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence, and all licenses material to
its business. 

(y) 
 Proper Records . Each Loan Party shall at all times keep proper books of records and accounts in which full, true and correct
entries shall be made of its transactions in accordance with GAAP and set aside on its books from its earning for each fiscal year all
such proper reserves in accordance with GAAP. 

(z) 
 Satisfaction of Obligations . Each Loan Party shall pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy at or before maturity or before they
become delinquent, as the case may be, all its obligations of whatever nature, except where the amount or validity thereof is currently
being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and reserves with respect thereto have been provided on the books of such Loan
Party. 

(aa) 
 Performance of Covenants . Each Loan Party shall observe, perform and satisfy all the terms, provisions, covenants and conditions
required to be observed, performed or satisfied by it, and shall pay when due all costs, fees and expenses required to be paid by it,
under the other Transaction Documents. Each Loan Party shall pay and discharge all Taxes, levies, liens and other charges on it or its
assets and on the Collateral that, in each case, in any manner would create any lien or charge upon the Collateral, except for any such
Taxes as are being appropriately contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and with respect to which adequate
reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP. 

(bb) 
 Tax Treatment . Each Loan Party, the Originator and the Lenders shall treat the Advances advanced hereunder as indebtedness
of such Loan Party for U.S. federal income tax purposes and to file any and all tax forms in a manner consistent therewith. 

(cc) 
 Maintenance of Records . Each Loan Party will maintain records with respect to the Collateral and the conduct and operation
of its business with no less a degree of prudence than if the Collateral were held by such Loan Party for its own account and will furnish
the Administrative Agent and each Lender, upon the reasonable request by the Administrative Agent, information with respect to the Collateral
and the conduct and operation of its business. 

(dd) 
 [Reserved] . 

(ee) 
 [Reserved] . 

120 

(ff) 
 Continuation Statements . Each Loan Party shall, not earlier than six months and not later than three months prior to the
fifth anniversary of the date of filing of the financing statement referred to in Schedule
I hereto or any other financing statement filed pursuant to this Agreement or in connection with any Advance hereunder, unless
the Collection Date shall have occurred: 

(i) 
 authorize and deliver and file or cause to be filed an appropriate continuation statement with respect to such financing statement;
and 

(ii) 
 deliver or cause to be delivered to the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders an opinion of the counsel for
such Loan Party, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, confirming and updating the opinion
delivered pursuant to Schedule I with respect to perfection and otherwise to the effect that the security interest hereunder continues
to be an enforceable and perfected security interest, subject to no other Liens of record except as provided herein or otherwise permitted
hereunder, which opinion may contain usual and customary assumptions, limitations and exceptions. 

(gg) 
 Disregarded Entity . Each Loan Party will be either (i) disregarded as an entity separate from its owner pursuant to Treasury
Regulation Section 301.7701-3(b)(ii) or (ii) a partnership (other than a publicly traded partnership) all of whose beneficial owners are
United States persons for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and neither such Loan Party nor any other Person on its behalf shall make
an election to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Treasury Regulation Section 301.7701-3(c). 

(hh) 
 Notices; Material Information, etc . Each Loan Party shall, within five (5) Business Days after filing, provide to the Administrative
Agent written notification of the filing of any litigation against such Loan Party or the Originator which, if a judgment were to be obtained
by the plaintiff, would result in the occurrence of an Event of Default or otherwise cause a Material Adverse Effect. 

(ii) 
 [Reserved] . 

(jj) 
 Other Information . Each Loan Party shall, to the extent reasonably obtainable by such Loan Party, deliver, (i) promptly
following the Administrative Agent's request, in any event within five (5) days of such request, such other information, financial or
otherwise, with respect to such Loan Party and the Collateral, as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request from time to time and
(ii) to the extent a Beneficial Ownership Certificate has previously been provided by such Loan Party to the Administrative Agent, promptly
following any change in the information provided in such Beneficial Ownership Certification that would result in a change to the list
of beneficial owners identified in parts (c) or (d) of such certification. 

(kk) 
 Securitization Subsidiaries . Each Loan Party shall cause each Securitization Subsidiary to comply with the covenants set
forth in Sections 5.01(a) through (jj) and the negative covenants set forth in Section 5.02 , as if such covenants
were applicable directly to such Securitization Subsidiary and each reference to such Loan Party therein were a reference to such Securitization
Subsidiary. 

121 

(ll) Reduction
of Subject Loan Assets . If on any date of determination solely during the Specified Period, the aggregate Outstanding
Balance of all Subject Loan Assets exceeds 50.0 of the SLA Threshold Amount, as a result of pay-downs or prepayments in respect of any
Eligible Loan Asset(s), the Borrower shall use commercially reasonable efforts to eliminate such excess within five (5) Business Days
after obtaining knowledge of such event from the Administrative Agent (including but not limited to by effecting sales of one or more
Subject Loan Assets subject to Section 2.07(f) or the re-classification of such Subject Loan Asset pursuant to the terms of the definition
thereof). 

Section 5.02 
 Negative Covenants of the Loan Parties . 

From the Closing Date until the Collection Date: 

(a) 
 Special Purpose Entity Requirements . Except as otherwise permitted by this Agreement, no Loan Party shall (i) guarantee
any obligation of any Person, including any Affiliate (it being understood that the assets of the Securitization Subsidiaries shall be
pledged to secure the obligations of the Borrower); (ii) engage, directly or indirectly, in any business, other than the actions required
or permitted to be performed under the Transaction Documents; (iii) incur, create or assume any Indebtedness, other than Indebtedness
incurred under the Transaction Documents; (iv) make or permit to remain outstanding any loan or advance to, or own or acquire any stock
or securities of, any Person, except that such Loan Party may invest in those Loan Assets and other investments permitted under the Transaction
Documents and may make any advance required or expressly permitted to be made pursuant to any provisions of the Transaction Documents
and permit the same to remain outstanding in accordance with such provisions; (v) fail to pay its debts and liabilities from its assets
when due; (vi) to the fullest extent permitted by law, engage in any dissolution, liquidation, consolidation, merger, sale or other transfer
of any of its assets outside the ordinary course of such Loan Party's business other than such activities as are expressly permitted pursuant
to this Agreement; (vii) create, form or otherwise acquire any Subsidiaries (other than Securitization Subsidiaries, solely in the case
of the Borrower); or (viii) release, sell, transfer, convey or assign any Loan Asset unless in accordance with the Transaction Documents. 

(b) 
 Requirements for Material Actions . No Loan Party shall fail to provide (and at all times such Loan Party's organizational
documents shall reflect) that the unanimous consent of all managers (including the consent of the Independent Manager(s)) is required
for such Loan Party to (i) file any insolvency, or reorganization case or proceeding, (ii) institute proceedings to have such Loan Party
be adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent, (iii) institute proceedings under any applicable insolvency law, (iv) seek any relief under any
law relating to relief from debts or the protection of debtors, (v) consent to the filing or institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings
against such Loan Party, (vi) file a petition seeking, or consent to, reorganization or relief with respect to such Loan Party under any
applicable federal or state law relating to bankruptcy or insolvency, (vii) seek or consent to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator,
assignee, trustee, sequestrator, custodian, or any similar official of or for such Loan Party, or a substantial part of its property,
(viii) make any assignment for the benefit of its creditors, (ix) admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they become
due, or (x) take any action in furtherance of any of the foregoing. 

122 

(c) 
 Protection of Title . No Loan Party shall take any action which would directly or indirectly impair or adversely affect any
Loan Party's title to the applicable Collateral. 

(d) 
 Transfer Limitations . No Loan Party shall transfer, assign, convey, grant, bargain, sell, set over, deliver or otherwise
dispose of, or pledge or hypothecate, directly or indirectly, any interest in the Collateral to any person other than the Collateral Agent
for the benefit of the Secured Parties, or engage in financing transactions or similar transactions with respect to the Collateral with
any person other than the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, in each case, except as otherwise expressly permitted by the terms of
this Agreement. 

(e) 
 Liens . No Loan Party shall not create, incur or permit to exist any Lien in or on any of the Collateral subject to the
security interest granted by such Loan Party pursuant to this Agreement, other than Permitted Liens. 

(f) 
 Organizational Documents . No Loan Party shall amend, modify or terminate any of the Constituent Documents of such Loan Party
without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Securitization Subsidiary may amend
or restate any of its Constituent Documents in connection with a Securitization without the consent of any other Person so long as such
amendment or restatement is effective on or after the closing of such Securitization. 

(g) 
 Merger, Acquisitions, Sales, etc . No Loan Party shall change its organizational structure, enter into any transaction of
merger or consolidation or amalgamation, or asset sale (other than pursuant to Section 2.07 ), or liquidate, wind up or dissolve
itself (or suffer any liquidation, winding up or dissolution) without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. 

(h) 
 Use of Proceeds . No Loan Party shall use the proceeds of any Advance other than (i) to finance the purchase on a true
sale basis (or the origination), by such Loan Party of Collateral, (ii) to pay fees and expenses in connection with the transactions
contemplated under this Agreement, (iii) to fund the Unfunded Exposure Account in order to establish reserves for unfunded commitments
of Delayed Draw Loan Assets included in the Collateral or (iv) to distribute such proceeds to the Originator. The Borrower acknowledges
and agrees that the proceeds of any Advance made by Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. in its capacity as a Lender MSB will
not be knowingly used by the Borrower to acquire a Loan Asset from any Affiliate of MSB; provided that the unintentional violation
of this provision shall not constitute an Event of Default so long as the Servicer, on behalf of the Borrower, uses commercially reasonable
efforts to cancel any trade which it determines to be in violation of this covenant prior to the date of settlement of such trade. 

(i) 
 Limited Assets . No Loan Party shall hold or own any assets that are not part of the Collateral (other than with respect
to Non-Levered Loan Assets). 

123 

(j) 
 Tax Treatment . No Loan Party shall elect to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and shall take
all reasonable steps necessary to avoid being treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

(k) 
 [Reserved] . 

(l) 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement . No Loan Party will amend, modify, waive or terminate any provision of a Purchase and Sale Agreement
without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. 

(m) 
 Restricted Junior Payments . No Loan Party shall make any Restricted Junior Payment, except that, so long as the Facility
Maturity Date has not been declared or automatically occurred and, to the Administrative Agent s, Servicer s and such Loan
Party s knowledge, no Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom,
such Loan Party may declare and make Restricted Junior Payments to the holders of its membership interests from amounts available
pursuant to Sections 2.04(a)(xi) and 2.04(c)(xi) . Nothing herein shall restrict any Securitization Subsidiary from effecting
any dividend of Loan Assets or cash from such Securitization Subsidiary to such Loan Party, which such dividend shall not require the
consent of the Administrative Agent or any other Person. 

(n) 
 ERISA Matters . No Loan Party will (i) take, and will exercise its best efforts not to permit any ERISA Affiliate to take,
any action that could reasonably be expected to result in an ERISA Event that, in the aggregate, could subject such Loan Party to any
material tax, penalty or other liability, or (ii) take, and will exercise its best efforts not to permit any ERISA Affiliate to take,
any action that could result in the imposition of a Lien on any asset of such Loan Party with respect to any Pension Plan or Multiemployer
Plan. 

(o) 
 Instructions to Obligors . No Loan Party will make any change, or permit the Servicer to make any change, in its instructions
to Obligors (solely with respect to non-agented Loan Assets), agent banks or administrative agents on the Loan Assets regarding payments
to be made with respect to the Collateral to the Collection Account (or, with respect to assets denominated in an Eligible Currency other
than Dollars, the applicable Eligible Currency Account), unless the Administrative Agent has consented to such change. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, any Securitization Subsidiary may notify administrative or payment agents of any change in payment instructions necessary
to close a Securitization. 

(p) 
 Change of Jurisdiction, Location, Names or Location of Loan Files . No Loan Party shall change the jurisdiction of its formation,
make any change to its corporate name or use any tradenames, fictitious names, assumed names, doing business as names or other
names unless, prior to the effective date of any such change in the jurisdiction of its formation, name change or use, such Loan Party
receives prior written consent from the Administrative Agent of such change and delivers to the Administrative Agent such financing statements
as the Administrative Agent may request to reflect such name change or use, together with such Opinions of Counsel and other documents
and instruments as the Administrative Agent may request in connection therewith. No Loan Party will change the location of its chief executive
office unless prior to the effective date of any such change of location, such Loan Party notifies the Administrative Agent of such change
of location in writing. No Loan Party will move, or consent to the Collateral Custodian or the Servicer moving, the Loan Files from the
location thereof on the Closing Date, unless the Administrative Agent shall consent to such move in writing and the Servicer shall provide
the Administrative Agent with such Opinions of Counsel and other documents and instruments as the Administrative Agent may request in
connection therewith. 

124 

(q) 
 Allocation of Charges . There will not be any agreement or understanding between the Servicer and any Loan Party (other than
as expressly set forth herein or as consented to by the Administrative Agent), providing for the allocation or sharing of obligations
to make payments or otherwise in respect of any Taxes, fees, assessments or other governmental charges; provided that it is understood
and acknowledged that such Loan Party will be disregarded as an entity separate from the Originator for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

(r) Anti-Terrorism;
OFAC; Anti-Corruption . Each of the representations and warranties set out in sub clauses (i) through (v) 
(inclusive) of Section 4.01(hh) shall be deemed here restated and, mutatis mutandis , construed as covenants made and
given under this Section 5.02 . 

(s) 
 Securitization Subsidiary . The Borrower shall not form any new Securitization Subsidiary without the prior written consent
of the Administrative Agent and delivery to the Administrative Agent of a complete set of all agreements, documents, certificates and
opinions for such Securitization Subsidiary acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. The Borrower shall cause the
Constituent Documents of each Securitization Subsidiary to prohibit any transfer of the equity in such Securitization Subsidiary without
the prior written consent of each of the Administrative Agent and the board of directors of such Securitization Subsidiary, unless such
transfer is in connection with a Securitization. 

Section 5.03 
 Affirmative Covenants of the Servicer . 

From the Closing Date until the Collection Date: 

(a) 
 Compliance with Law . The Servicer will comply in all material respects with all Applicable Law, including those with respect
to servicing the Collateral or any part thereof. 

(b) 
 Preservation of Company Existence . The Servicer will preserve and maintain its existence, rights, franchises and privileges
in the jurisdiction of its formation, and qualify and remain qualified in good standing in each jurisdiction where the failure to preserve
and maintain such existence, rights, franchises, privileges and qualification could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. 

(c) 
 Obligations and Compliance with Collateral . The Servicer will duly fulfill and comply with all obligations on the part of
each Loan Party to be fulfilled or complied with under or in connection with the administration of each item of Collateral and will do
nothing to impair the rights of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, or of the Secured Parties in, to and under
the Collateral. It is understood and agreed that the Servicer does not hereby assume any obligations of the Borrower in respect of any
Advances or assume any responsibility for the performance by the Borrower of any of its obligations hereunder or under any other agreement
executed in connection herewith that would be inconsistent with its undertaking as the Servicer. 

125 

(d) 
 Keeping of Records and Books of Account . 

(i) 
 The Servicer will maintain and implement administrative and operating procedures (including, an ability to recreate records evidencing
Collateral in the event of the destruction of the originals thereof), and keep and maintain all documents, books, records and other information
necessary or advisable for the collection of all Collateral and the identification of the Collateral. 

(ii) 
 Subject to Section 6.11 , the Servicer shall permit the Administrative Agent, each Lender or their respective agents or
representatives, to visit the offices of the Servicer during normal office hours and upon reasonable advance notice and examine and make
copies of all documents, books, records and other information concerning the Collateral and the Servicer's servicing thereof and
discuss matters related thereto with any of the officers or employees of the Servicer having knowledge of such matters provided 
that the Servicer shall not be liable for the costs and expenses of more than one such visit in any calendar year unless an Event of
Default has occurred hereunder). 

(iii) 
 The Servicer will on or prior to the Closing Date, mark its internal records to relating to the Collateral with a legend describing
the sale of the Collateral to any Loan Party and the Grant from such Loan Party to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured
Parties. 

(e) 
 Preservation of Security Interest . The Servicer (at the Borrower's expense) will file such financing and continuation statements
and any other documents that it reasonably should know may be required by any law or regulation of any Governmental Authority to preserve
and protect fully the first priority perfected security interest of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in,
to and under the Loan Assets and that portion of the Collateral in which a security interest may be perfected by filing. 

(f) 
 Events of Default . The Servicer will provide the Administrative Agent and each Lender (with a copy to the Collateral Agent)
with immediate written notice of the occurrence of each Event of Default and each Unmatured Event of Default of which the Servicer has
knowledge or has received notice. In addition, no later than two (2) Business Days following the Servicer's knowledge or notice of the
occurrence of any Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default, the Servicer will provide to the Collateral Agent, the Administrative
Agent and each Lender a written statement of a Responsible Officer of the Servicer setting forth the details of such event and the action
that the Servicer proposes to take with respect thereto. 

(g) 
 Taxes . The Servicer will file its tax returns, if any, and pay any and all Taxes imposed on it or its property as required
under the Transaction Documents (except as contemplated by Section 4.03(l) ). 

(h) 
 Other . The Servicer will promptly furnish to the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent and each Lender, to the extent
reasonably obtainable by the Servicer, such other information, documents, records or reports respecting the Collateral or the condition
or operations, financial or otherwise, of each Loan Party or the Servicer as the Collateral Agent, any Lender or the Administrative Agent
may from time to time reasonably request in order to protect the interests of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Collateral Agent
or Secured Parties under or as contemplated by this Agreement. 

126 

(i) 
 Proceedings Related to the Loan Parties, the Originator and the Servicer and the Transaction Documents . The Servicer shall
notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender as soon as possible and in any event within five (5) Business Days after the Servicer
receives notice or obtains knowledge thereof of any settlement of, judgment (including a judgment with respect to the liability phase
of a bifurcated trial) in or commencement of any labor controversy, litigation, action, suit or proceeding before any court or governmental
department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, that could reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect, the Originator or the Servicer (or any of their Affiliates that are in the business of originating, acquiring or
servicing assets similar to Loan Assets) or the Transaction Documents. For purposes of this Section 5.03(i) , (i) any settlement,
judgment, labor controversy, litigation, action, suit or proceeding affecting the Transaction Documents in excess of 1,000,000 shall
be deemed to be expected to have such a Material Adverse Effect and (ii) any settlement, judgment, labor controversy, litigation, action,
suit or proceeding affecting the Servicer or the Originator in excess of 10,000,000 shall be deemed to be expected to have such a Material
Adverse Effect. 

(j) 
 Deposit of Collections . The Servicer shall promptly (but in no event later than two (2) Business Days after receipt) deposit
or cause to be deposited into the Collection Account any and all Available Collections received by any Loan Party, the Servicer or any
of their Affiliates. 

(k) 
 Special Purpose Entity Requirements . At the Borrower's expense, the Servicer shall take such actions as are necessary to
cause each Loan Party to be in compliance with the special purpose entity requirements set forth in Sections
5.01(a) and 5.01(b) and 5.02(a) and
 5.02(b) ; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the
Servicer shall not be required to expend any of its own funds to cause a Loan Party to be in compliance with subsection
5.02(a)(v) or subsection 5.01(b)(xvi) . 

(l) 
 [Reserved] . 

(m) 
 Proceedings Related to the Collateral . The Servicer shall notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender as soon as possible
and in any event within two (2) Business Days after any Responsible Officer of the Servicer receives notice or has actual knowledge of
any settlement of, judgment (including a judgment with respect to the liability phase of a bifurcated trial) in or commencement of any
labor controversy, litigation, action, suit or proceeding before any court or governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency
or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, that the Servicer reasonably believes would have a Material Adverse Effect on the interests of
the Collateral Agent or the Secured Parties in, to and under the Collateral. For purposes of this Section
5.03(m) , any settlement, judgment, labor controversy, litigation, action, suit or proceeding affecting the Collateral or the Collateral
Agent's or the Secured Parties' interest in the Collateral in excess of 10,000,000 or more shall be deemed to be expected to have such
a Material Adverse Effect. In addition, this Section 5.03(m) shall not be construed to require delivery by the Servicer or any
Affiliate thereof of any proceeding, litigation, suit or action involving an Obligor to the extent that such delivery of notice is required
pursuant to Section 5.01(p) . 

127 

(n) 
 Compliance with Legal Opinions . The Servicer shall take all other actions necessary to maintain the accuracy of the factual
assumptions in all material respects set forth in the legal opinions of Dechert LLP, as special counsel to the Servicer, issued in connection
with the Transaction Documents and relating to the issues of substantive consolidation and true sale of the Loan Assets. 

(o) 
 Instructions to Agents and Obligors . Subject to Section 6.04(d) , the Servicer shall direct, or shall cause the Originator
to direct, any agent or administrative agent for any Loan Asset to remit all payments and collections with respect to such Loan Asset,
and, if applicable, to direct the Obligor with respect to such Loan Asset to remit all such payments and collections with respect
to such Loan Asset directly to the Collection Account (or, with respect to assets denominated in an Eligible Currency other than Dollars,
the applicable Eligible Currency Account). The Servicer shall take steps consistent with the Servicing Standard to ensure, and shall
cause the Originator to take commercially reasonable steps to ensure, that only funds constituting payments and collections relating
to Loan Assets shall be deposited into the Collection Account. 

(p) 
 Capacity as Servicer . The Servicer will ensure that, at all times when it is dealing with or in connection with the Loan
Assets in its capacity as Servicer, it holds itself out as Servicer, and not in any other capacity. 

(q) 
 Notice of Breaches of Representations and Warranties under each Purchase and Sale Agreement . The Servicer confirms and agrees
that the Servicer will, upon receipt of notice or discovery thereof, promptly send to the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Collateral
Agent a notice of (i) any breach of any representation, warranty, agreement or covenant under a Purchase and Sale Agreement or (ii) any
event or occurrence that, upon notice, or upon the passage of time or both, would constitute such a breach, in each case, promptly upon
learning thereof. 

(r) 
 Audits . Periodically after the Closing Date, at the discretion of the Administrative Agent and each Lender, the Servicer
shall allow the Administrative Agent and each Lender (during normal office hours and upon advance notice) to review the Servicer's collection
and administration of the Collateral in order to assess compliance by the Servicer with the Servicing Standard, as well as with the Transaction
Documents, and to conduct an audit of the Collateral and Required Loan Documents in conjunction with such a review provided that
the Servicer shall not be liable for the costs and expenses of more than one such visit in any calendar year unless an Event of Default
has occurred hereunder). Such review shall be reasonable in scope and shall be completed in a reasonable period of time. 

(s) 
 Notice of Breaches of Representations and Warranties under this Agreement . The Servicer shall promptly notify the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders if any representation or warranty set forth in Section 4.03 was incorrect at the time it was given or deemed
to have been given and at the same time deliver to the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders a written notice setting
forth in reasonable detail the nature of such facts and circumstances. 

128 

(t) 
 Insurance Policies . The Servicer has caused, and will cause, to be performed any and all acts required to be performed to
preserve the rights and remedies of the Collateral Agent and the Secured Parties in any Insurance Policies applicable to Loan Assets (to
the extent the Servicer is the agent or servicer under the applicable Underlying Instruments) including, in each case, any necessary notifications
of insurers, assignments of policies or interests therein, and establishments of co insured, joint loss payee and mortgagee rights
in favor of the Collateral Agent and the Secured Parties; provided that, unless a Loan Party is the sole lender under such Underlying
Instruments, the Servicer shall only take such actions that are customarily taken by or on behalf of a lender in a syndicated loan facility
to preserve the rights of such lender. 

(u) 
 Disregarded Entity . The Servicer shall not permit or take any action that would cause a Loan Party to be treated as other
than a disregarded entity or a partnership (other than a publicly traded partnership) all of whose beneficial owners are United States
persons for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

(v) 
 Anti-Terrorism; OFAC; Anti-Corruption . Each of the representations and warranties set out in sub clauses (i) through
 (v) (inclusive) of Section 4.03(p) shall be deemed here restated and, mutatis mutandis, construed as covenants made and
given under this Section 5.03 . 

(w) 
 Value Adjustment Event . Promptly upon obtaining knowledge thereof, the Servicer will provide the Administrative Agent and
each Lender (with a copy to the Collateral Agent) with written notice of the occurrence of any event that the Servicer reasonably believes
is a Value Adjustment Event with respect to any Eligible Loan Asset; provided that, the Servicer will be deemed to not have knowledge
of any Valuation Value 
Adjustment Event that requires a determination be made by the Administrative Agent until such determination has been made. Any such notice
will be considered delivered if notation of such potential Value Adjustment Event is made in any Borrowing Base Certificate, Servicing
Report, or other report delivered by the Servicer or a Loan Party to the Administrative Agent within the timeframe contemplated by this
 Section 5.03(w) . 

Section 5.04 
 Negative Covenants of the Servicer . 

From the Closing Date until the Collection Date: 

(a) 
 Mergers, Acquisition, Sales, etc . The Servicer will not consolidate with or merge into any other Person or convey or transfer
its properties and assets substantially as an entirety to any Person, unless the Servicer is the surviving entity and unless: 

(i) 
 the Servicer has delivered to the Administrative Agent and each Lender (A) an Officer's Certificate stating that any such consolidation,
merger, conveyance or transfer and any supplemental agreement executed in connection therewith comply with this Section 5.04 and
that all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to such transaction have been complied with and (B) such other items as the
Administrative Agent may reasonably request; provided that in no event shall the Servicer be required to provide an Opinion of
Counsel to the Administrative Agent or Lenders with respect to a merger effectuated in accordance with the proviso below; 

129 

(ii) 
 the Servicer shall have delivered notice of such consolidation, merger, conveyance or transfer to the Administrative Agent and
each Lender; 

(iii) 
 after giving effect thereto, no Event of Default or Servicer Default or event that with notice or lapse of time would constitute
either an Event of Default or a Servicer Default shall exist; and 

(iv) 
 the Administrative Agent shall have consented in writing to such consolidation, merger, conveyance or transfer. 

provided that the consent
of the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders shall not be required in the event that the Servicer consolidates or merges into
entity with the same investment adviser as the Servicer Permitted Entity or conveys or transfers all or substantially
all of its properties and assets to a Permitted Entity, in each case, so long as (x) the surviving entity has, together with all other
entities and accounts advised by the same investment adviser, at least 2,000,000,000 of assets under management (measured as of the last
day of the most recent fiscal quarter of such surviving entity and the other entities and accounts), (y) the surviving entity s
regular business includes the servicing of assets similar to the Collateral Portfolio and (z) the surviving entity reaffirms its obligations
under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 

(b) 
 Change in Payment Instructions to Obligors . The Servicer will not make any change in its instructions to Obligors (solely
with respect to non-agented Loan Assets), agent banks or administrative agents on the Loan Assets regarding payments to be made with respect
to the Collateral to the Collection Account, unless the Administrative Agent has consented to such change. 

(c) 
 [Reserved] . 

(d) 
 Allocation of Charges . There will not be any agreement or understanding between the Servicer and any Loan Party (other than
as expressly set forth herein or as consented to by the Administrative Agent), providing for the allocation or sharing of obligations
to make payments or otherwise in respect of any Taxes, fees, assessments or other governmental charges. 

(e) 
 Taxable Mortgage Pool Matters . The Servicer will manage the portfolio and advise any Loan Party with respect to the purchases
from any third party seller so as to not at any time cause such Loan Party to be treated as a taxable mortgage pool for U.S. federal income
tax purposes or cause more than 50 of the of the Loan Assets owned by such Loan Party to consist of real estate mortgages as defined
in Treasury Regulation Section 301.7701(i)-1 of the Code. 

130 

Section 5.05 
 Affirmative Covenants of the Collateral Agent . 

From the Closing Date until
the Collection Date: 

(a) 
 Compliance with Law . The Collateral Agent will comply in all respects with all Applicable Law. 

(b) 
 Preservation of Existence . The Collateral Agent will preserve and maintain its existence, rights, franchises and privileges
in the jurisdiction of its formation and qualify and remain qualified in good standing in each jurisdiction where failure to preserve
and maintain such existence, rights, franchises, privileges and qualification could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. 

Section 5.06 
 Negative Covenants of the Collateral Agent . 

From the Closing Date until
the Collection Date, the Collateral Agent will not make any changes to the Collateral Agent Fees without the prior written approval of
the Administrative Agent. 

Section 5.07 
 Affirmative Covenants of the Collateral Custodian . 

From the Closing Date until
the Collection Date: 

(a) 
 Compliance with Law . The Collateral Custodian will comply in all respects with all Applicable Law. 

(b) 
 Preservation of Existence . The Collateral Custodian will preserve and maintain its existence, rights, franchises and privileges
in the jurisdiction of its formation and qualify and remain qualified in good standing in each jurisdiction where failure to preserve
and maintain such existence, rights, franchises, privileges and qualification could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. 

(c) 
 Location of Required Loan Documents . Subject to Article XII of this Agreement, the Required Loan Documents shall
remain at all times in the possession of the Collateral Custodian at its address located at 425 Hennepin Ave, Minneapolis, MN 55414 unless
notice of a different address is given in accordance with the terms hereof or unless the Administrative Agent agrees to allow certain
Required Loan Documents to be released to the Servicer on a temporary basis in accordance with the terms hereof, except as such Required
Loan Documents may be released pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 

Section 5.08 
 Negative Covenants of the Collateral Custodian . 

From the Closing Date until the Collection Date: 

(a) 
 Required Loan Documents . The Collateral Custodian will not dispose of any documents constituting the Required Loan Documents
in any manner that is inconsistent with the performance of its obligations as the Collateral Custodian pursuant to this Agreement and
will not dispose of any Collateral except as contemplated by this Agreement. 

(b) 
 No Changes in Collateral Custodian Fees . The Collateral Custodian will not make any changes to the Collateral Custodian
Fees without the prior written approval of the Administrative Agent. 

131 

ARTICLE
VI 
 
 ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICING OF CONTRACTS 

Section 6.01 
 Appointment and Designation of the Servicer . 

(a) 
 Initial Servicer . Each Loan Party hereby appoints Golub Capital BDC, Inc., pursuant to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, as Servicer, with the authority to service, administer and exercise rights and remedies, on behalf of each Loan Party, in
respect of the Collateral. Until the Administrative Agent gives Golub Capital BDC, Inc. a Servicer Removal Notice, Golub Capital
BDC, Inc. hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the duties and responsibilities of the Servicer pursuant to the terms
hereof. The Servicer and the Borrower hereby acknowledge that the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties are third party beneficiaries
of the obligations undertaken by the Servicer hereunder. 

(b) 
 Servicer Removal Notice . The Borrower, the Servicer, each Lender and the Administrative Agent hereby agree that, upon the
occurrence of an Event of Default (including, as a result of a Servicer Default), the Administrative Agent, by written notice to the
Servicer (with a copy to the Collateral Agent) (a Servicer Removal
Notice ), may terminate all of the rights, obligations, power and authority of the Servicer under this Agreement. On
and after the receipt by the Servicer of a Servicer Removal Notice pursuant to this Section 6.01(b) , the Servicer shall continue
to perform all servicing functions under this Agreement until the date specified in the Servicer Removal Notice or otherwise specified
by the Administrative Agent in writing or, if no such date is specified in such Servicer Removal Notice or otherwise specified by the
Administrative Agent, until a date mutually agreed upon by the Servicer and the Administrative Agent and shall be entitled to receive,
to the extent of funds available therefor pursuant to Section 2.04 , the Servicing Fee therefor accrued until such date. After
such date, the Servicer agrees that it will terminate its activities as Servicer hereunder in a manner that the Administrative Agent
believes will facilitate the transition of the performance of such activities to a successor Servicer, and the successor Servicer shall
assume each and all of the Servicer's obligations to service and administer the Collateral, on the terms and subject to the conditions
herein set forth, and the Servicer shall use its best efforts to assist the successor Servicer in assuming such obligations. 

(c) 
 Appointment of Replacement Servicer . At any time following the delivery of a Servicer Removal Notice, the Administrative
Agent may, in its sole discretion, appoint a replacement servicer (the Replacement
Servicer ), which appointment shall take effect upon the Replacement Servicer accepting such appointment by a written
assumption in a form satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. Upon the appointment of a Replacement Servicer,
the initial Servicer shall have no liability with respect to any action performed by the Replacement Servicer on or after the date that
the Replacement Servicer becomes the successor to the Servicer. 

132 

(d) 
 Liabilities and Obligations of Replacement Servicer . Upon its appointment, the Replacement Servicer shall be the successor
in all respects to the Servicer with respect to servicing functions under this Agreement and shall be subject to all the responsibilities,
duties and liabilities relating thereto placed on the Servicer by the terms and provisions hereof, and all references in this Agreement
to the Servicer shall be deemed to refer to the Replacement Servicer; provided that the Replacement Servicer shall have (i) no
liability with respect to any action performed by the terminated Servicer prior to the date that the Replacement Servicer becomes the
successor to the Servicer or any claim of a third party based on any alleged action or inaction of the terminated Servicer, (ii) no obligation
to perform any advancing obligations, if any, of the Servicer unless it elects to in its sole discretion, (iii) no obligation to pay
any Taxes required to be paid by the Servicer provided that the Replacement Servicer shall pay any income Taxes for which it
is liable), (iv) no obligation to pay any of the fees and expenses of any other party to the transactions contemplated hereby, and (v)
no liability or obligation with respect to any Servicer indemnification obligations of any prior Servicer, including the original Servicer.
The indemnification obligations of the Replacement Servicer upon becoming a Replacement Servicer, are expressly limited to those
arising on account of its failure to act in good faith and with reasonable care under the circumstances. In addition, the Replacement
Servicer shall have no liability relating to the representations and warranties of the Servicer contained in Section 4.03 . 

(e) 
 Authority and Power . All authority and power granted to the Servicer under this Agreement shall automatically cease and
terminate upon termination of this Agreement as to the Servicer and shall pass to and be vested in the applicable Loan Party and each
Loan Party is hereby authorized and empowered to execute and deliver, on behalf of the Servicer, as attorney-in-fact or otherwise, all
documents and other instruments, and to do and accomplish all other acts or things necessary or appropriate to effect the purposes of
such transfer of servicing rights. The Servicer agrees to cooperate with each Loan Party in effecting the termination of the responsibilities
and rights of the Servicer to conduct servicing of the Collateral. 

(f) 
 Subcontracts . The Servicer may, with the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (other than in the case of its
Affiliates for which such consent shall not be required), subcontract with any other Person for servicing, administering or collecting
the Collateral; provided that (i) the Servicer shall select any such Person with reasonable care and shall be solely responsible
for the fees and expenses payable to any such Person, (ii) the Servicer shall not be relieved of, and shall remain liable for, the performance
of the duties and obligations of the Servicer pursuant to the terms hereof without regard to any subcontracting arrangement and (iii)
any such subcontract (other than a subcontract between the Servicer and its Affiliate) shall be terminable upon the occurrence of a Servicer
Default. 

(g) 
 Waiver . Each Loan Party acknowledges that, after delivery of a Servicer Removal Notice, the Administrative Agent or any
of its Affiliates may act as the Collateral Agent and/or the Servicer, and the Borrower waives any and all claims against the Administrative
Agent, each Lender or any of their respective Affiliates, the Collateral Agent and the Servicer (other than claims relating to such party's
gross negligence or willful misconduct) relating in any way to the custodial or collateral administration functions having been performed
by the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in accordance with the terms and provisions (including the standard of care) set
forth in the Transaction Documents. 

133 

Section 6.02 
 Duties of the Servicer . 

(a) 
 Duties . The Servicer shall take or cause to be taken all such actions as may be necessary or advisable to service, administer
and collect on the Collateral from time to time, all in accordance with Applicable Law and the Servicing Standard. Prior to the delivery
of a Servicer Removal Notice, but subject to the terms of this Agreement (including, Section 6.04 ), the Servicer has the sole and
exclusive authority to make any and all decisions with respect to the Collateral and take or refrain from taking any and all actions with
respect to the Collateral. Without limiting the foregoing, the duties of the Servicer shall include the following: 

(i) 
 supervising the Collateral, including communicating with Obligors, executing amendments, providing consents and waivers, enforcing
and collecting on the Collateral and otherwise managing the Collateral on behalf of the Loan Parties; 

(ii) 
 maintaining all necessary servicing records with respect to the Collateral and providing such reports to the Administrative Agent
and each Lender (with a copy to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Custodian) in respect of the servicing of the Collateral (including
information relating to its performance under this Agreement) as may be required hereunder or as the Administrative Agent or any Lender
may request; 

(iii) 
 maintaining and implementing administrative and operating procedures (including, an ability to recreate servicing records evidencing
the Collateral in the event of the destruction of the originals thereof) and keeping and maintaining all documents, books, records and
other information necessary or advisable for the collection of the Collateral; 

(iv) 
 promptly delivering to the Administrative Agent, each Lender, the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Custodian, from time to time,
such information and servicing records (including information relating to its performance under this Agreement) as the Administrative
Agent, each Lender, Collateral Custodian or the Collateral Agent may from time to time request; 

(v) 
 identifying each Loan Asset in its internal servicing records to reflect the ownership of such Loan Asset by the applicable Loan
Party; 

(vi) 
 using its best efforts to maintain the perfected security interest of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties,
in the Collateral; 

(vii) 
 maintaining the Loan File with respect to Loan Assets included as part of the Collateral; 

134 

(viii) 
 directing the Collateral Agent to make payments pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Report in accordance with Section 2.04 ; 

(ix) 
 directing the sale or substitution of Collateral in accordance with Section 2.07 ; 

(x) 
 providing advice to the Borrower with respect to the purchase and sale of and payment for the Loan Assets; 

(xi) 
 instructing the Obligors and the administrative agents on the Loan Assets to make payments directly into the Collection Account
established and maintained with the Collateral Agent; 

(xii) 
 delivering the Loan Files and a Loan Asset Schedule to the Collateral Custodian; 

(xiii) 
 preparing and delivering to the Borrower, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent on each Reporting Date a Borrowing
Base Certificate setting forth the calculation of the Borrowing Base as of such Reporting Date; 

(xiv) 
 directing the Collateral Agent to convert amounts denominated in any Eligible Currency to any other Eligible Currency for any
permitted purpose hereunder; and 

(xv) 
 complying with such other duties and responsibilities as may be required of the Servicer by this Agreement. 

It is acknowledged and agreed
that the Servicer shall perform its servicing duties hereunder only to the extent a lender under the related loan syndication Underlying
Instruments has the right to do so unless a Loan Party is the sole lender thereunder. 

(b) 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the exercise by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, each
Lender and the Secured Parties of their rights hereunder shall not release the Servicer (unless replaced by a Replacement Servicer), the
Originator or any Loan Party from any of their duties or responsibilities with respect to the Collateral other than with respect to any
mistake, reckless act or any action or inaction undertaken in a negligent manner on the part of any of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral
Agent, each Lender and the Secured Parties. The Secured Parties, the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Collateral Agent shall
not have any obligation or liability with respect to any Collateral, nor shall any of them be obligated to perform any of the obligations
of the Servicer hereunder, unless one of them becomes a Replacement Servicer hereunder. 

135 

Section 6.03 
 Authorization of the Servicer . 

(a) 
 Each of each Loan Party, the Administrative Agent and each Lender hereby authorizes the Servicer (including any successor thereto)
to take any and all steps consistent with the Servicing Standard in its name and on its behalf necessary or desirable in the determination
of the Servicer and not inconsistent with the sale of the Collateral by the Originator to the Borrower or the Borrower to a Securitization
Subsidiary, as applicable, under the applicable Purchase and Sale Agreement and, thereafter, the Grant by each Loan Party to the Collateral
Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties hereunder, to collect all amounts due under any and all Collateral, including, endorsing any of
their names on checks and other instruments representing Interest Collections and Principal Collections, executing and delivering any
and all instruments of satisfaction or cancellation, or of partial or full release or discharge, and all other comparable instruments,
with respect to the Collateral and, after the delinquency of any Collateral and to the extent permitted under and in compliance with Applicable
Law, to commence proceedings with respect to enforcing payment thereof, to the same extent as the Originator could have done if it had
continued to own such Collateral. Each Loan Party, the Originator and the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties shall furnish
the Servicer (and any successors thereto) with any powers of attorney and other documents necessary or appropriate to enable the Servicer
to carry out its servicing and administrative duties hereunder, and shall cooperate with the Servicer to the fullest extent in order to
ensure the collectability of the Collateral. In no event shall the Servicer be entitled to make the Secured Parties, the Administrative
Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender a party to any litigation without such party's express prior written consent, or to make any
Loan Party a party to any litigation (other than any routine foreclosure or similar collection procedure) without the Administrative Agent's
consent. 

(b) 
 After the declaration of the Facility Maturity Date, at the direction of the Administrative Agent, the Servicer shall take such
action as the Administrative Agent may deem necessary or advisable to enforce collection of the Collateral; provided that the Administrative
Agent may, at any time that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, notify any Obligor with respect to any Collateral of the
assignment of such Collateral to the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties and direct that payments of all amounts due or
to become due be made directly to the Administrative Agent or any servicer, collection agent or account designated by the Administrative
Agent and, upon such notification and at the expense of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent may enforce collection of any such Collateral,
and adjust, settle or compromise the amount or payment thereof. 

Section 6.04 
 Collection of Payments; Accounts . 

(a) 
 Collection Efforts, Modification of Collateral . 

(i) 
 The Servicer will collect, cause to be collected, or make arrangements for the collection of all payments due and owing to the
Borrower pursuant to the terms and provisions of the Loan Assets included in the Collateral as and when the same become due, all in accordance
with the Servicing Standard. 

(ii) 
 In the performance of its obligations hereunder, a Loan Party (or the Servicer on its behalf) may enter into any amendment or waiver
of or supplement to any Underlying Instrument, all in accordance with the Servicing Standard; provided that, on and after the occurrence
of an Event of Default, the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for any waiver, modification or variance
that would impair the collectability of the Collateral Portfolio, increase such Loan Party s commitment or outstanding loans thereunder
or extend the maturity of any outstanding or committed loans of such Loan Party thereunder beyond the Facility Maturity Date. 

136 

(b) 
 [Reserved] . 

(c) 
 Taxes and other Amounts . The Servicer will use efforts consistent with the Servicing Standard to collect all payments with
respect to amounts due for Taxes, assessments and insurance premiums relating to each Loan Asset to the extent required to be paid to
such Loan Party for such application under the applicable Underlying Instruments and remit such amounts to the appropriate Governmental
Authority or insurer as required by the Underlying Instruments. 

(d) 
 Payments to Collection Account . On or before the applicable Cut-Off Date, the Servicer shall have instructed all (solely
with respect to non-agented Loan Assets), agent banks or administrative agents on the Loan Assets to make all payments in respect of the
Collateral in the applicable Eligible Currency directly to the Collection Account; provided that the Servicer is not required to
so instruct any Obligor which is solely a guarantor or other surety (or an Obligor that is not designated as the lead borrower 
or another such similar term) unless and until the Servicer calls on the related guaranty or secondary obligation. 

(e) 
 Controlled Accounts . Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that (i) each Controlled Account is intended to be a securities
account or deposit account within the meaning of the UCC and (ii) except as otherwise expressly provided herein and
in the Control Agreement, as applicable, prior to the delivery of a Notice of Exclusive Control, the Borrower, the Servicer and
the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Administrative Agent) shall be entitled to exercise the rights that comprise each
Financial Asset held in each Controlled Account which is a securities account and have the right to direct the disposition of funds in
any Controlled Account which is a deposit account; provided that, after the delivery of a Notice of Exclusive Control, such rights
shall be exclusively held by the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Administrative Agent). Each of the parties hereto hereby
agrees to cause the securities intermediary that holds any money or other property for a Loan Party in a Controlled Account that is a
securities account to agree with the parties hereto that (A) the cash and other property (subject to Section 6.04(f) below with
respect to any property other than investment property, as defined in Section 9 102(a)(49) of the UCC) is to be treated as a Financial
Asset and (B) regardless of any provision in any other agreement, for purposes of the UCC, with respect to the Controlled Accounts, New
York shall be deemed to be the Account Bank's jurisdiction (within the meaning of Section 9-304 of the UCC) and the securities intermediary's
jurisdiction (within the meaning of Section 8-110 of the UCC). All securities or other property underlying any Financial Assets credited
to the Controlled Accounts in the form of securities or instruments shall be registered in the name of the Account Bank or if in the
name of a Loan Party or the Collateral Agent, Indorsed to the Account Bank, Indorsed in blank, or credited to another securities account
maintained in the name of the Account Bank, and in no case will any Financial Asset credited to the Controlled Accounts be registered
in the name of such Loan Party, payable to the order of such Loan Party or specially Indorsed to such Loan Party, except to the extent
the foregoing have been specially Indorsed to the Account Bank or Indorsed in blank. 

137 

(f) 
 Underlying Instruments . Notwithstanding any term hereof (or any term of the UCC that might otherwise be construed to be
applicable to a securities intermediary as defined in the UCC) to the contrary, none of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral
Custodian nor any securities intermediary shall be under any duty or obligation in connection with the acquisition by a Loan Party, or
the Grant by such Loan Party to the Collateral Agent, of any Loan Asset in the nature of a loan or a participation in a loan to examine
or evaluate the sufficiency of the documents or instruments delivered to it by or on behalf of such Loan Party under the related Underlying
Instruments, or otherwise to examine the Underlying Instruments, in order to determine or compel compliance with any applicable requirements
of or restrictions on transfer (including any necessary consents). The Collateral Custodian shall hold any Instrument delivered to it
evidencing any Loan Asset Granted to the Collateral Agent hereunder as custodial agent for the Collateral Agent in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement. 

(g) 
 Adjustments . If (i) the Servicer makes a deposit into the Collection Account in respect of an Interest Collection or a Principal
Collection of a Loan Asset and such Interest Collection or Principal Collection was received by the Servicer in the form of a check that
is not honored for any reason or (ii) the Servicer makes a mistake with respect to the amount of any Interest Collection or Principal
Collection and deposits an amount that is less than or more than the actual amount of such Interest Collection or Principal Collection,
the Servicer shall appropriately adjust the amount subsequently deposited into the Collection Account to reflect such dishonored check
or mistake. Any scheduled payment in respect of which a dishonored check is received shall be deemed not to have been paid. 

Section 6.05 
 [Reserved] . 

Section 6.06 
 Servicer Compensation . As compensation for its activities hereunder and reimbursement for its expenses, the Servicer
shall be entitled to be paid the Servicing Fee and reimbursed its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses as provided in Section 2.04 . 

Section 6.07 
 Payment of Certain Expenses by Servicer . The Servicer will be required to pay all expenses incurred by it in connection
with its activities under this Agreement, including fees and disbursements of its independent accountants, Taxes imposed on the Servicer
and expenses incurred by the Servicer in connection with payments and reports pursuant to this Agreement. The Servicer may be reimbursed
for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred hereunder (including out-of-pocket expenses paid by the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower),
subject to the availability of funds pursuant to Section 2.04 . 

Section 6.08 
 Reports to the Administrative Agent; Account Statements; Servicer Information . 

(a) 
 Borrowing Base Certificate . On each Measurement Date, the Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf) will provide a Borrowing
Base Certificate, updated as of such date, to the Administrative Agent and each Lender (with a copy to the Collateral Agent). 

(b) 
 Servicing Report . On each Reporting Date, the Servicer will provide to the Borrower, each Lender, the Administrative Agent
and the Collateral Agent, a statement including (i) a Borrowing Base Certificate, (ii) a Loan Asset Schedule, (iii) a then current calculation
of the Weighted Average Life Test, (iv) a list of Loan Assets acquired, sold, substituted or released during the last Reporting Period,
(v) a then current calculation of the Diversity Score in respect of the Loan Assets included in the Collateral and (vi) if such Reporting
Date occurs in a calendar month in which a Payment Date occurs, amounts to be remitted pursuant to Section 2.04 to the applicable
parties (which shall include any applicable wiring instructions of the parties receiving payment) (such monthly statement, a Servicing
Report ), with respect to the Monthly Determination Date or Determination Date, as applicable, in the case of clauses
(i) through (iii) and with respect to the Reporting Period in the case of clause (iv) , signed by a Responsible Officer
of the Servicer and the Borrower and substantially in the form of Exhibit
H . 

138 

(c) 
 Servicer Certificate . Together with each Servicing Report, the Servicer shall submit to the Administrative Agent, each
Lender and the Collateral Agent a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit
I (a Servicer Certificate ), signed by a
Responsible Officer of the Servicer, which shall include a certification by such Responsible Officer that, to his/her knowledge, no Event
of Default, Servicer Default or Unmatured Event of Default has occurred as of the date of such Servicer Certificate. 

(d) 
 Financial Statements . The Servicer will submit for reasonably prompt delivery to the Administrative Agent, each Lender and
the Collateral Agent, upon the written request of any such party (i) the unaudited financial statements of Golub Capital BDC, Inc. for
the most recent fiscal quarter and (ii) audited financial statements of Golub Capital BDC, Inc. audited by a firm of nationally recognized
independent public accountants, as of the end of the most recent fiscal year, in each case, only to the extent such financial statements
are not publicly available on EDGAR in accordance with the deadlines required pursuant to the Exchange Act and the associated rules and
regulations. 

(e) 
 Obligor Financial Statements; Valuation Reports; Other Reports . The Servicer will deliver to the Administrative Agent,
the Lenders and the Collateral Agent, with respect to each Obligor, (i) all documents and information required to be delivered by the
Obligor under the Underlying Instruments with respect to each Loan Asset, and the complete financial reporting package with respect to
such Obligor and with respect to each Loan Asset for such Obligor (including any financial statements, management discussion and analysis,
executed covenant compliance certificates and related covenant calculations with respect to such Obligor and with respect to each Loan
Asset for such Obligor) provided to a Loan Party and/or the Servicer quarterly by such Obligor, which delivery shall be made within sixty
(60) days after the end of such Obligor's first three (3) fiscal quarters and one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of such Obligor's
fiscal year-end (which financial reporting package shall include, at minimum, sufficient details to determine Cash Interest Coverage Ratio,
Senior Leverage Ratio, Total Leverage Ratio and EBITDA, as applicable, for such Obligor) and (ii) (x) on a quarterly basis, (A) the status
of each Loan Asset, including an assessment of the related Obligor and information known to the Servicer that may be material to their
future financial performance, (B) the Servicer's expectations, projections or plans for working out, restructuring, managing, selling
or otherwise monetizing such Loan Asset and (C) any other information reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent (including a report
listing, and providing an explanation of, all amendments, modifications and waivers made with respect to any Underlying Instrument related
to any Loan Asset during the immediately preceding Remittance Period and all information provided to an Approved Valuation Firm) relating
to any Loan Asset, and (y) promptly upon receipt by a Loan Party or the Servicer, the valuation report(s) for such fiscal quarter. Upon
demand by the Administrative Agent, the Servicer will provide such other information as the Administrative Agent may request with respect
to any Obligor. 

139 

(f) 
 Amendments to Loan Assets . The Servicer will deliver to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Collateral Custodian
a copy of any material amendment, restatement, supplement, waiver or other modification to the Underlying Instruments of any Loan Asset
(along with any internal documents prepared by the Servicer and provided to its investment committee in connection with such amendment,
restatement, supplement, waiver or other modification) within ten (10) Business Days of the effectiveness of such amendment, restatement,
supplement, waiver or other modification. 

(g) 
 Electronic Format . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, information required to be delivered or submitted
to any Secured Party pursuant to Section 5.03(h) and this Article VI shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date
on which such information is posted on a website to which the Administrative Agent has access or upon receipt of such information through
email or another delivery method acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 

(h) 
 Obligor Reports . The Servicer shall furnish to the Administrative Agent within a reasonable period updated Obligor Information
for each Obligor if and when such information is available. 

(i) 
 Officer's Certificate . On each anniversary of the date of this Agreement, the Borrower shall deliver an Officer's Certificate,
in form and substance acceptable to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, providing (i) a certification, based upon a review and
summary of UCC search results, that there is no other interest in the Collateral perfected by filing of a UCC financing statement
other than in favor of the Collateral Agent and (ii) a certification, based upon a review and summary of tax and judgment lien searches
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, that there is no other interest in the Collateral based on any tax or judgment lien. 

Section 6.09 
 Annual Statement as to Compliance . The Servicer will provide to the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Collateral
Agent within ninety (90) days following the end of each fiscal year of the Servicer, commencing with the fiscal year ending on December
31, 2019, a fiscal report signed by a Responsible Officer of the Servicer certifying that (a) a review of the activities of the Servicer,
and the Servicer's performance pursuant to this Agreement, for the fiscal period ending on the last day of such fiscal year has been made
under such Person's supervision and (b) the Servicer has performed or has caused to be performed all of its obligations under this Agreement
throughout such year and no Servicer Default has occurred. 

Section 6.10 
 Annual Independent Public Accountant's Servicing Reports . The Servicer will cause a nationally recognized auditing firm
(who may also render other services to the Servicer) to furnish to the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Collateral Agent within
(a) one hundred eighty (180) days following the end of the fiscal year ending on December 31, 2019 and (b) ninety (90) days following
the end of each fiscal year of the Servicer thereafter, a report covering such fiscal year to the effect that such auditors have applied
certain agreed-upon procedures (a copy of which procedures are attached hereto as Schedule III , it being understood that the Servicer
and the Administrative Agent will provide an updated Schedule III reflecting any further amendments to such Schedule III 
prior to the issuance of the first such agreed-upon procedures report, a copy of which shall replace the then-existing Schedule III to certain documents and records relating to the Collateral under any Transaction Document, compared the information contained in the
Servicing Reports and the Servicer Certificates delivered during the period covered by such report with such documents and records and
that no matters came to the attention of such auditors that caused them to believe that such servicing was not conducted in compliance
with this Article VI , except for such exceptions as such auditors shall believe to be immaterial and such other exceptions as shall
be set forth in such statement. 

140 

Section 6.11 
 Procedural Review of Loan Assets; Access to Servicer and Servicer's Records . 

(a) Each
of each Loan Party and the Servicer shall permit both (i) the Administrative Agent (who may be accompanied by any Lender (at its sole
discretion)) and (ii) the representatives of the Administrative Agent, each at any time and from time to time as the Administrative Agent
shall reasonably request (A) to inspect and make copies of and abstracts from its records relating to the Loan Assets and (B) to visit
its properties in connection with the collection, processing or servicing of the Loan Assets for the purpose of examining such records,
and to discuss matters relating to the Loan Assets or such Person's performance under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents
with any officer or employee or auditor (if any) of such Person having knowledge of such matters. Each of the Borrower and the Servicer
agrees to render to the Administrative Agent such clerical and other assistance as may be reasonably requested with regard to the foregoing;
 provided , that such assistance shall not interfere in any material respect with the Servicer's business and operations. So long
as no Unmatured Event of Default, Event of Default or Servicer Default has occurred and is continuing, such visits and inspections shall
occur only (x) upon five (5) Business Days' prior written notice and (y) during normal business hours. During the existence of an Unmatured
Event of Default, an Event of Default or a Servicer Default, there shall be no limit on the timing of such inspections provided that
the Administrative Agent shall have provided the Borrower and Servicer with one Business Day notice before any such inspection. The Administrative
Agent agrees to use good faith efforts to provide the Lenders at least ten (10) Business Days advance notice of any inspection or visit
under this Section 6.11(a) so that the Lenders may accompany the Administrative Agent at their option. 

(b) Each
Loan Party and the Servicer, as applicable, shall provide to the Administrative Agent access to the Loan Assets and all other documents
regarding the Loan Assets included as part of the Collateral in its possession, in such cases where the Administrative Agent is required
in connection with the enforcement of the rights or interests of the Lenders, or by applicable statutes or regulations, to review such
documentation, such access being afforded without charge but only (i) upon five (5) Business Days' prior written notice (so long as no
Unmatured Event of Default, Event of Default or Servicer Default has occurred and is continuing) and (ii) during normal business hours.
During the existence of an Unmatured Event of Default, an Event of Default or a Servicer Default, there shall be no limit on the timing
of such inspections and no prior notice will be required before any inspection. From and after the Closing Date and periodically thereafter
at the reasonable discretion of the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent may review each Loan Party's and the Servicer's collection
and administration of the Loan Assets in order to assess compliance by the Servicer with the Servicer's written policies and procedures,
as well as this Agreement and may conduct an audit of the Loan Assets and Records in conjunction with such review (subject to and in
accordance with Section 6.11(a) ). 

141 

Section 6.12 The
Servicer Not to Resign . The Servicer shall not resign from the obligations and duties hereby imposed on it except upon the Servicer's
determination that (a) the performance of its duties hereunder is or becomes impermissible under Applicable Law and (b) there is no reasonable
action that the Servicer could take to make the performance of its duties hereunder permissible under Applicable Law. No such resignation
shall become effective until a Replacement Servicer shall have assumed the responsibilities and obligations of the Servicer in accordance
with Section 6.02 . 

ARTICLE
VII 
 
 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

Section 7.01 
 Events of Default . If any of the following events (each, an Event
of Default shall occur: 

(a) a
default in the payment when due of (i) any principal of any Advance or (ii) any other amount payable by the Borrower, the Servicer or
the Originator, including any Yield, any Unused Fee or any other fee and such failure to pay is not cured within one (1) Business Day
after the same becomes due; provided , however ,
that an Event of Default shall not occur under this clause (a) if such failure to pay is caused by an error or omission of an
administrative or operational nature and such payment is in fact made on or before the third following Business Day; 

(b) any failure to pay, on the Facility Maturity Date, all accrued Obligations ,
including, but not limited to, any Prepayment Premium ; 

(c) (i) any of any Loan Party, the Originator or the Servicer shall, (x) with respect to a Loan Party, fail to pay any principal of,
or premium or interest on, any Indebtedness (other than the Obligations) and (y) with respect to the Originator, the Servicer, fail to
pay any principal of, or premium or interest on, any Indebtedness (other than the Obligations), in excess of 2,500,000 with respect to
the Originator and 1,000,000 with respect to a Loan Party, when the same becomes due and payable; (ii) any other default by any of any
Loan Party, the Originator or the Servicer under any agreement, contract, document or instrument relating to any such Indebtedness or
any other event shall occur and shall continue after the applicable grace period, if the effect of such default or event is to accelerate
the maturity of such Indebtedness; or (iii) any such Indebtedness is in fact declared to be due and payable or required to be prepaid,
redeemed, purchased or defeased, or an offer to prepay, redeem, purchase or defease such Indebtedness shall be required to be made, in
each case, prior to the stated maturity thereof; 

142 

(d) except
as otherwise provided in this definition of Event of Default, a default in the performance, or breach, of any other covenant
or other agreement of a Loan Party or the Originator in the Transaction Documents to which it is a party (it being understood, without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, that the failure to satisfy the Weighted Average Life Test is not, in and of itself, an Event
of Default and the existence of a Borrowing Base Deficiency is not, in and of itself, an Event of Default except to the extent provided
in clause ((j) immediately below) and the same continues unremedied (it being agreed that the sale of any Loan Asset that is not
an Eligible Loan Asset shall remedy the failure of any representation, warranty or certification related to such Loan Asset being an
Eligible Loan Asset) for a period of 30 days (if such failure can be remedied) after the date on which written notice of such failure
requiring the same to be remedied shall have been given to such Loan Party or the Servicer by the Administrative Agent or Collateral
Agent; provided that the delivery of a certificate or other report within 30 days that corrects any inaccuracy contained in a
previous certificate or report shall be deemed to cure such inaccuracy as of the date of delivery of such updated certificate or report
and any and all inaccuracies arising from the continuation of such initial inaccurate certificate or report; 

(e) the
occurrence of a Bankruptcy Event relating to any Loan Party, the Originator or the Servicer; 

(f) the occurrence of a Servicer Default; 

(g) (i)
the rendering of one or more judgments, decrees or orders by a court or arbitrator of competent jurisdiction for the payment of
money in excess individually or in the aggregate of 1,000,000 against a Loan Party and the Servicer and such Loan Party or the
Servicer, as applicable, shall not have either (A) discharged or provided for the discharge of any such judgment, decree or order in
accordance with its terms or (B) perfected a timely appeal of such judgment, decree or order and caused the execution of same to be
stayed during the pendency of the appeal; (ii) any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any
assets of a Loan Party to enforce any such judgment; or (iii) (x) any Loan Party and the Servicer shall have each in the aggregate
made payments of amounts in excess of 1,000,000, in the settlement of any litigation, claim or dispute (excluding payments actually
made from insurance proceeds); 

(h) the
failure of a Loan Party to qualify as a bankruptcy remote entity based upon customary criteria or the failure to satisfy Section 5.01(d)
 and Dechert LLP is unable to issue a new legal opinion (with updated factual assumptions) within 30 Business Days after the date
a Responsible Officer of such Loan Party becomes aware of such failure; 

(i) (1)
any Transaction Document, or any lien or security interest granted thereunder, shall (except in accordance with its terms), in whole
or in part, terminate, cease to be effective or cease in all material respects to be the legally valid, binding and enforceable obligation
of any Loan Party, the Originator or the Servicer, 

143 

(2) 
 any Loan Party, the Originator or the Servicer or any other party shall, directly or indirectly, contest in any manner the effectiveness,
validity, binding nature or enforceability of any Transaction Document or any lien or security interest thereunder (except as the enforceability
hereof and thereof may be limited by Bankruptcy Laws and by general principles of equity (whether such enforceability is considered in
a proceeding in equity or at law)), or 

(3) 
 any security interest in any Collateral securing any Obligation shall, in whole or in part, cease to be a first priority perfected
security interest except as otherwise expressly permitted to be released in accordance with the applicable Transaction Document provided 
that this clause (3) shall not apply to an immaterial portion of the Collateral which (x) does not meet the criteria solely as set forth
in the second sentence of clause (2) of Schedule II , (y) does not result in a Borrowing Base Deficiency and (z) does not have a
Material Adverse Effect on the Secured Parties); or with respect to any mistake on the part of the Administrative Agent or Collateral
Agent in connection with the failure to have a first priority perfected security interest in respect of any portion of the Collateral); 

(j) a Borrowing Base Deficiency exists and has not been remedied in accordance with Section 2.06 within the time period set
forth therein; provided that, in each case, during the period of time that such event remains unremedied, any payments required
to be made by the Servicer on a Payment Date shall be made under Section 2.04(c) ; 

(k) any
Loan Party shall become required to register as an investment company in accordance with the 1940 Act or the arrangements
contemplated by the Transaction Documents shall become required to register as an investment company in accordance with the
1940 Act; 

(l) the Internal Revenue Service shall file notice of a Lien pursuant to Section 6323 of the Code with regard to any assets of any
Loan Party or the Originator, or the PBGC shall file notice of a Lien pursuant to Section 4068 of ERISA with regard to any of the assets
of any Loan Party or the Originator; 

(m) the occurrence of an ERISA Event or a Servicer ERISA Event; 

(n) any Change of Control shall occur; 

(o) any
representation, warranty or certification made by any Loan Party or the Servicer in any Transaction Document or in any certificate delivered
pursuant to any Transaction Document shall prove to have been incorrect when made and continues to be unremedied (it being agreed that
the sale of any Loan Asset that is not an Eligible Loan Asset shall remedy the failure of any representation, warranty or certification
related to such Loan Asset being an Eligible Loan Asset) for a period of thirty (30) days after the earlier to occur of (i) the date
on which written notice of such incorrectness requiring the same to be remedied shall have been given to such Loan Party or the Originator
by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent (which shall be given at the direction of the Administrative Agent) and (ii) the
date on which a Responsible Officer of such Loan Party or the Originator acquires knowledge thereof; provided that the delivery
of a certificate or other report within 30 days which corrects any inaccuracy contained in a previous certificate or report shall be
deemed to cure such inaccuracy as of the date of delivery of such updated certificate or report and any and all inaccuracies arising
from the continuation of such initial inaccurate certificate or report; or 

144 

(p) (i)
failure of a Loan Party to maintain at least one Independent Manager or (ii) the removal of any Independent Manager without cause or
prior written notice to the Administrative Agent (in each case as required by the organization documents of such Loan Party); 

(q) the failure to satisfy the Financial Covenant Test; or 

(r) any
Loan Party, the Originator or the Servicer makes or attempts to make any assignment of its rights or obligations under this Agreement
or any other Transaction Document without first obtaining the specific written consent of each of the Lenders and the Administrative
Agent, which consent may be withheld by any Lender or the Administrative Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; 

then the Administrative Agent may or, at the
request of the Required Lenders, shall, by notice to the Borrower, declare the Facility Maturity Date to have occurred; provided that,
in the case of any event described in Section 7.01(e) above, the Facility Maturity Date shall be deemed to have
occurred automatically upon the occurrence of such event. Upon any such declaration or automatic occurrence, (i) the Revolving
Period shall end and each Loan Party shall cease purchasing Loan Assets from the Originator or the Borrower, as applicable, under
any Purchase and Sale Agreement or from any other third party and shall cease originating Loan Assets, (ii) the Administrative Agent
or the Required Lenders may declare the Advances to be immediately due and payable in full (without presentment, demand, protest or
notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by each Loan Party) and any other Obligations to be immediately due and payable,
(iii) the Administrative Agent may terminate the Servicer by providing a Servicer Removal Notice in accordance with Section
6.01(b) , and (iv) all proceeds and distributions in respect of the Collateral shall be distributed by the Collateral Agent (at
the direction of the Administrative Agent) as described in Section 2.04(c) provided that the Loan Parties shall in
any event remain liable to pay such Advances Outstanding and all such amounts and Obligations immediately in accordance with Section
2.04(e) ). In addition, upon any such declaration or upon any such automatic occurrence, the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the
Secured Parties and at the direction of the Administrative Agent, shall have, in addition to all other rights and remedies under
this Agreement or otherwise, all other rights and remedies provided under the UCC of the applicable jurisdiction and other
Applicable Law, which rights shall be cumulative. Without limiting any obligation of the Servicer hereunder, each Loan Party
confirms and agrees that the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties and at the direction of the Administrative Agent (or
any designee thereof, including, the Servicer), following an Event of Default, shall, at its option, have the sole right to enforce
such Loan Party's rights and remedies under each Assigned Document, but without any obligation on the part of the Administrative
Agent, the Lenders or any of their respective Affiliates to perform any of the obligations of such Loan Party under any such
Assigned Document. If any Event of Default shall have occurred, Applicable Margin shall be increased pursuant to the definition
thereof, effective as of the date of the occurrence of such Event of Default, and shall apply on each day after the occurrence of
such Event of Default. 

145 

Section 7.02 
 Additional Remedies of the Administrative Agent . 

(a) If, upon the declaration or automatic occurrence of the Facility Maturity Date (including, the date on which the Facility Maturity
Date is declared (or is deemed to have occurred automatically) pursuant to Section 7.01 ), the aggregate outstanding principal amount
of the Advances Outstanding, all accrued and unpaid Fees and Yield and any other Obligations are not immediately paid in full, then the
Collateral Agent (acting as directed by the Administrative Agent) or the Administrative Agent, in addition to all other rights specified
hereunder, shall have the right, in its own name and as agent for the Lenders, to immediately sell (at the Borrower s expense) in
a commercially reasonable manner, in a recognized market (if one exists) at such price or prices as the Administrative Agent may reasonably
deem satisfactory, any or all of the Collateral Portfolio and apply the proceeds thereof to the Obligations. 

(b) The
parties recognize that it may not be possible to sell all of the Collateral on a particular Business Day, or in a transaction with the
same purchaser, or in the same manner because the market for the assets constituting the Collateral may not be liquid. Accordingly, the
Administrative Agent may elect, in its sole discretion, the time and manner of liquidating any of the Collateral, and nothing contained
herein shall obligate the Administrative Agent to liquidate any of the Collateral on the date the Administrative Agent or all of the
Lenders declares the Advances Outstanding hereunder to be immediately due and payable pursuant to Section 7.01 or to liquidate
all of the Collateral in the same manner or on the same Business Day. 

(c) If
the Collateral Agent (acting as directed by the Administrative Agent) or the Administrative Agent proposes to sell the Collateral or
any part thereof in one or more parcels at a public or private sale, at the request of the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent,
as applicable, each Loan Party and the Servicer shall make available to (i) the Administrative Agent, on a timely basis, all information
relating to the Collateral subject to sale, including, copies of any disclosure documents, contracts, financial statements of the applicable
Obligors, covenant certificates and any other materials requested by the Administrative Agent, and (ii) each prospective bidder, on a
timely basis, all reasonable information relating to the Collateral subject to sale, including, copies of any disclosure documents, contracts,
financial statements of the applicable Obligors, covenant certificates and any other materials reasonably requested by each such bidder. 

(d) Each of each Loan Party and the Servicer agrees, to the full extent that it may lawfully so agree, that neither it nor anyone
claiming through or under it will set up, claim or seek to take advantage of any appraisement, valuation, stay, extension or redemption
law now or hereafter in force in any locality where any Collateral may be situated in order to prevent, hinder or delay the enforcement
or foreclosure of this Agreement, or the absolute sale of any of the Collateral or any part thereof, or the final and absolute putting
into possession thereof, immediately after such sale, of the purchasers thereof, and each of each Loan Party and the Servicer, for itself
and all who may at any time claim through or under it, hereby waives, to the full extent that it may be lawful so to do, the benefit of
all such laws, and any and all right to have any of the properties or assets constituting the Collateral marshaled upon any such sale,
and agrees that the Collateral Agent, or the Administrative Agent on its behalf, or any court having jurisdiction to foreclose the security
interests granted in this Agreement may sell the Collateral as an entirety or in such parcels as the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction
of the Administrative Agent) or such court may determine. Pursuant to the UCC, each of each Loan Party and the Collateral Agent hereby
specifically agrees (x) that it shall not raise any objection to a Secured Party's purchase of the Collateral (through bidding on the
obligations or otherwise) and (y) that a foreclosure sale conducted in conformity with the principles set forth in various no-action letters
promulgated by the SEC staff (1) shall be considered to be a public sale for purposes of the UCC and (2) shall be considered
to be commercially reasonable notwithstanding that a Secured Party purchases the Collateral at such a sale. 

146 

(e) Any
amounts received from any sale or liquidation of the Collateral pursuant to this Section 7.02 in excess of the Obligations will
be applied by the Collateral Agent (as directed by the Administrative Agent) in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.04(c) ,
or as a court of competent jurisdiction may otherwise direct. 

(f) The
Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have, in addition to all the rights and remedies provided herein and provided by applicable
federal, state, foreign, and local laws (including, the rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC of any applicable state,
to the extent that the UCC is applicable, and the right to offset any mutual debt and claim), all rights and remedies available to the
Lenders at law, in equity or under any other agreement between any Lender and the Borrower. 

(g) Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, no remedy provided for by this Agreement shall be exclusive of any other
remedy, each and every remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to any other remedy, and no delay or omission to exercise any right
or remedy shall impair any such right or remedy or shall be deemed to be a waiver of any Event of Default. 

(h) Each
of each Loan Party and the Servicer hereby irrevocably appoints, during the continuance of an Event of Default and at all times
following the Facility Maturity Date, each of the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent its true and lawful attorney (with
full power of substitution) in its name, place and stead and at its expense, in connection with the enforcement of the rights and
remedies provided for in this Agreement, including without limitation the following powers: (i) to give any necessary receipts or
acquittance for amounts collected or received hereunder, (ii) to make all necessary transfers of the Collateral in connection with
any such sale or other disposition made pursuant hereto, (iii) to execute and deliver for value all necessary or appropriate bills
of sale, assignments and other instruments in connection with any such sale or other disposition, each Loan Party and the Servicer
hereby ratifying and confirming all that such attorney (or any substitute) shall lawfully do hereunder and pursuant hereto, and (iv)
to sign any agreements, orders or other documents in connection with or pursuant to any Transaction Document. Nevertheless, if so
requested by the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent, each Loan Party shall ratify and confirm any such sale or other
disposition by executing and delivering to the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent all proper bills of sale, assignments,
releases and other instruments as may be designated in any such request. 

147 

(i) The
Administrative Agent is hereby authorized and empowered, during the existence of an Event of Default and at all times following the Facility
Maturity Date, on behalf of each Loan Party, to endorse the name of such Loan Party or the Originator, as applicable, upon any check,
draft, instrument, receipt, instruction, or other document or agreement or item, coming into the Administrative Agent's possession, and
to receive and apply the proceeds therefrom in accordance with the terms hereof. The Administrative Agent is hereby granted an irrevocable
power of attorney, which is coupled with an interest, to execute all checks, drafts, receipts, instruments, instructions, or other documents,
agreements, or items on behalf of such Loan Party, either before or after demand of payment on the Obligations but only during the existence
of an Event of Default, as shall be deemed by the Administrative Agent to be necessary or advisable, in the sole discretion of the Administrative
Agent, to preserve the security interests and Liens in the Collateral or to secure the repayment of the Obligations, and the Administrative
Agent shall not incur any liability, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct, in connection with or arising from its
exercise of such power of attorney. The application by the Administrative Agent of such funds shall, unless the Administrative Agent
shall agree otherwise in writing, be the same as set forth in Section 2.04 hereof. 

Section 7.03 Option
to Purchase Collateral . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in connection with any liquidation in full of the
Collateral, including without limitation, (a) upon the termination of the Commitment following the occurrence and during the
continuation of an Event of Default or (b) at the Stated Maturity, provided that, in the case of the Servicer, a Servicer Default
described in clause (g) of the definition thereof, the Servicer, the Equityholder and/or any of their Affiliates shall,
subject to the additional requirements set forth in this Section 7.03 , have the right to purchase all (but not less than all)
of the Loan Assets included in the Collateral at a purchase price at least equal to the sum of the-then accrued and outstanding
Obligations, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. Any such party may exercise such right by giving written notice
to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Collateral Agent) of its election to exercise such right (the
 Exercise Notice which shall include a proposed purchase price and be delivered not later than 5:00 p.m. New
York City time on the Stated Maturity or the date on which each of the Equity Investors and the Servicer receive notice from the
Administrative Agent of the occurrence of such Event of Default and termination of the Commitments, as applicable; provided that if
notice of an Event of Default and termination of the Commitment is delivered by the Administrative Agent after 2:00 p.m. New York
City time, the Exercise Notice shall be delivered not later than 9:00 a.m. New York City time on the Business Day immediately
following the date of such notice. Once an Exercise Notice is delivered to the Administrative Agent, the delivering party (or its
designated Affiliate or managed fund) shall be obligated, irrevocably and unconditionally, to purchase the Collateral, at the price
referenced above, for settlement within the normal settlement period for such Collateral. The cash purchase price must be received
no later than 10 Business Days following delivery of the Exercise Notice or, if earlier, upon settlement of the loan transfers. The
Administrative Agent shall not cause liquidation of the Loan Assets to occur during the time that the Servicer and Equityholder are
entitled to provide an Exercise Notice. The sale of Collateral by a Loan Party as set forth in this Section 7.03 is not
intended to be a foreclosure by the Collateral Agent on any of the Collateral pursuant to a public or private sale under the UCC and
the Borrower shall be required to deliver the Collateral to one legal buyer in accordance with market settlement procedures. 

148 

ARTICLE
VIII 
 
 INDEMNIFICATION 

Section 8.01 
 Indemnities by the Borrower . 

(a) Except
for Taxes (other than Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim) and without limiting any other
rights which the Affected Parties, the Secured Parties, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Collateral Agent, the Account Bank,
the Collateral Custodian or any of their respective Affiliates may have hereunder or under Applicable Law, the Loan Parties hereby agree
to indemnify, jointly and severally, the Affected Parties, the Secured Parties, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Collateral
Agent, the Account Bank, the Collateral Custodian and each of their respective Affiliates, assigns, officers, directors, employees and
agents (each, an Indemnified Party for purposes of
this Article VIII against, and to hold each Indemnified Party harmless from, any and all damages, losses, claims, liabilities
and related costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees and disbursements of (x) one outside counsel to the Administrative Agent (and
any Lender Affiliated with the Administrative Agent) and the Lenders (subject to clause (z) below), (y) one outside counsel to the Collateral
Agent, the Account Bank and the Collateral Custodian, and (z) one counsel per foreign or local jurisdiction deemed reasonably necessary
by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable (all of the foregoing being collectively referred to as Indemnified
Amounts ), awarded against or actually incurred by such Indemnified Party arising out of, in any way connected with,
or as a result of this Agreement, any of the other Transaction Documents or in respect of any of the Collateral or any claim, litigation,
investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, including the enforcement of this Agreement or any Transaction Document
against the Borrower, regardless of whether any such Indemnified Party is a party thereto (and regardless of whether such matter is initiated
by a third party or by the Borrower or any of its Affiliates or shareholders); provided that Indemnified Amounts shall not be
available to an Indemnified Party to the extent that such damages, losses, claims, liabilities and related costs and expenses (i) are
determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted solely from the gross negligence
or willful misconduct on the part of such Indemnified Party or (ii) result from Loan Assets which are uncollectible due to the Obligor s
financial inability to pay. 

(b) Any
amounts subject to the indemnification provisions of this Section 8.01 
shall be paid by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent on behalf of the applicable Indemnified Party within two (2) Business Days
following the Administrative Agent's written demand therefor on behalf of the applicable Indemnified Party (and the Administrative Agent
shall pay such amounts to the applicable Indemnified Party promptly after the receipt by the Administrative Agent of such amounts). The
Administrative Agent, on behalf of any Indemnified Party making a request for indemnification under this Section
8.01 , shall submit to the Borrower a certificate (solely based on information provided by such Indemnified Party if not the
Administrative Agent) setting forth the basis for and the computations of the Indemnified Amounts with respect to which such indemnification
is requested, which certificate shall be conclusive absent demonstrable error. 

149 

(c) If
for any reason the indemnification provided above in this Section 8.01 
is unavailable to the Indemnified Party or is insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless in respect of any losses, claims, damages
or liabilities, then the Borrower shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party as a result of such losses,
claims, damages or liabilities in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits received by such Indemnified
Party on the one hand and the Borrower on the other hand but also the relative fault of such Indemnified Party as well as any other relevant
equitable considerations. 

(d) If
the Borrower has made any payments in respect of Indemnified Amounts to the Administrative Agent on behalf of an Indemnified Party pursuant
to this Section 8.01 and such Indemnified Party thereafter collects
any of such amounts from others, such Indemnified Party will promptly repay such amounts collected to the Borrower, without interest. 

(e) The
obligations of the Borrower under this Section 8.01 shall survive
the resignation or removal of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Servicer, the Collateral Agent, the Account Bank or the Collateral
Custodian, the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, any investigation
made by or on behalf of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Lender, the Servicer, the Account Bank or the Collateral
Custodian and the termination of this Agreement. 

Section 8.02 
 Indemnities by Servicer . 

(a) Without
limiting any other rights which any Indemnified Party may have hereunder or under Applicable Law, the Servicer hereby agrees to indemnify
each Indemnified Party from and against any and all Indemnified Amounts, awarded against or incurred by any Indemnified Party as a consequence
of any acts or omissions of the Servicer constituting bad faith, willful misconduct or gross negligence in the performance of its duties
hereunder and any other Transaction Document to which it is a party; provided that Indemnified Amounts shall not be available
to an Indemnified Party to the extent that such Indemnified Amounts are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and
non-appealable judgment to have resulted solely from the gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of such Indemnified Party
claiming indemnification hereunder. 

(b) Any
Indemnified Amounts shall be paid by the Servicer to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the applicable Indemnified Party, within
fifteen (15) Business Days following receipt by the Servicer of the Administrative Agent's written demand therefor (and the Administrative
Agent shall pay such amounts to the applicable Indemnified Party promptly after the receipt by the Administrative Agent of such amounts).
The Administrative Agent, on behalf of any Indemnified Party making a request for indemnification under this Section
2 , shall submit to the Servicer a certificate setting forth the basis for and the computations of the Indemnified Amounts
with respect to which such indemnification is requested, which certificate shall be conclusive absent demonstrable error. 

150 

(c) If
the Servicer has made any indemnity payments to the Administrative Agent, on behalf of an Indemnified Party pursuant to this Section
8.02 and such Indemnified Party thereafter collects any of such amounts from others, such Indemnified Party will promptly repay such
amounts collected to the Servicer, without interest. 

(d) The
obligations of the Servicer under this Section 8.02 shall survive the resignation or removal of the Administrative Agent, the
Lenders, the Collateral Agent, the Account Bank or the Collateral Custodian, the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision
of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, any investigation made by or on behalf of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral
Agent, any Lender, the Borrower, the Account Bank or the Collateral Custodian and the termination of this Agreement. 

(e) The
Servicer shall have no liability for making indemnification hereunder to the extent any such indemnification constitutes recourse for
uncollectible or uncollected Loan Assets. 

(f) Any
indemnification pursuant to this Section 8.02 shall not be payable from the Collateral. 

Section 8.03 Waiver of Certain Claims . To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, none of the Borrower or the Servicer shall assert,
and each hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnified Person, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or
punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement or any
of the Transaction Documents. 

Section 8.04 
 Legal Proceedings . In the event an Indemnified Party becomes involved in any action, claim, or legal, governmental or administrative
proceeding (an Action for which it seeks indemnification
hereunder, the Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the other party or parties against whom it seeks indemnification (the Indemnifying
Party in writing of the nature and particulars of the Action; provided that its failure to do so shall not relieve
the Indemnifying Party of its obligations hereunder except to the extent such failure has a material adverse effect on the Indemnifying
Party. Upon written notice to the Indemnified Party acknowledging in writing that the indemnification provided hereunder applies to the
Indemnified Party in connection with the Action (subject to the exclusion in the first sentence of Section
8.01 , the first sentence of Section 8.02 , as applicable), the Indemnifying Party may assume the defense of the Action
at its expense with counsel acceptable to the Indemnified Party. The Indemnified Party shall have the right to retain separate counsel
in connection with the Action, and the Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for the legal fees and expenses of the Indemnified Party
after the Indemnifying Party has done so; provided that if the Indemnified Party determines in good faith that there may be a
conflict between the positions of the Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party in connection with the Action, or that the Indemnifying
Party is not conducting the defense of the Action in a manner reasonably protective of the interests of the Indemnified Party, the legal
fees and expenses of the Indemnified Party shall be paid by the Indemnifying Party; provided
further that the Indemnifying Party shall not, in connection with any one Action or separate but substantially similar or
related Actions in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances, be liable for the fees or expenses
of more than one separate firm of attorneys (and any required local counsel) for such Indemnified Party, which firm (and local counsel,
if any) shall be designated in writing to the Indemnifying Party by the Indemnified Party. If the Indemnifying Party elects to assume
the defense of the Action, it shall have full control over the conduct of such defense; provided
 that the Indemnifying Party and its counsel shall, as requested by the Indemnified Party or its counsel, consult with and
keep them informed with respect to the conduct of such defense. The Indemnifying Party shall not settle an Action without the prior written
approval of the Indemnified Party unless such settlement provides for the full and unconditional release of the Indemnified Party from
all liability in connection with the Action. The Indemnified Party shall reasonably cooperate with the Indemnifying Party in connection
with the defense of the Action. 

151 

Section 8.05 
 After-Tax Basis . Indemnification under Sections 8.01 
and Section 8.02 shall be in an amount necessary to make the Indemnified Party whole after taking into account any Tax consequences
to the Indemnified Party of the receipt of the indemnity provided hereunder, including the effect of such Tax or refund on the amount
of Tax measured by net income or profits that is or was payable by the Indemnified Party. 

ARTICLE
IX 
 
 THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 

Section 9.01 
 The Administrative Agent . 

(a) Appointment .
Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent as its agent hereunder and hereby further authorizes
the Administrative Agent to appoint additional agents to act on its behalf and for the benefit of each Lender. Each Lender further authorizes
the Administrative Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental
thereto. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained elsewhere in this Agreement or in any other Transaction Document, the
Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth in this Agreement, nor shall the
Administrative Agent have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities,
duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or otherwise exist against the
Administrative Agent. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, the use of the term agent in this Agreement
with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising
under agency doctrine of any Applicable Law. Instead, such term is used merely as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create
or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties. 

(b) Delegation
of Duties . The Administrative Agent may execute any of its duties under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document by
or through agents, employees or attorneys in fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such
duties. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agent or attorney in fact that it selects
with reasonable care. 

152 

(c) Administrative
Agent's Reliance, Etc . Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its directors, officers, agents or employees shall be liable
for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it or them as Administrative Agent under or in connection with this Agreement or any of
the other Transaction Documents, except, subject to Section 9.01(b), for its or their own gross negligence or willful misconduct
(each as determined in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction). Each Secured Party hereby waives any and
all claims against the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates for any action taken or omitted to be taken by the Administrative
Agent or any of its Affiliates under or in connection with this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents, except, subject
to Section 9.01(b), for its or their own gross negligence or willful misconduct (each as determined in a final, non-appealable
judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction). Without limiting the foregoing, the Administrative Agent: (i) may consult with legal
counsel (including counsel for the Borrower or the Originator), independent public accountants and other experts selected by it and shall
not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants
or experts; (ii) makes no warranty or representation and shall not be responsible for any statements, warranties or representations made
in or in connection with this Agreement; (iii) shall not have any duty to ascertain or to inquire as to the performance or observance
of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents on the part of any Loan Party,
the Originator or the Servicer or to inspect the property (including the books and records) of any Loan Party, the Originator or the
Servicer; (iv) shall not be responsible for the due execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value
of this Agreement, any of the other Transaction Documents or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto or thereto; (v)
shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents by acting upon any notice (including
notice by telephone), consent, certificate or other instrument or writing believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent by the proper
party or parties; (vi) shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the contents of any certificate, report
or other document delivered thereunder or in connection therewith; and (vii) shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any
liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing believed by it
to be genuine and to have been signed or sent by the proper Person. 

(d) Actions
by Administrative Agent . The Administrative Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under
this Agreement or any other Transaction Document unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Required Lenders as
it deems appropriate and, if it so requests, it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders against any and all liability
and expense which may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. The Administrative Agent shall in
all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document in accordance
with a request or consent of the Required Lenders; provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Administrative
Agent shall not be required to take any action hereunder if the taking of such action, in the reasonable determination of the Administrative
Agent, shall be in violation of any Applicable Law or contrary to any provision of this Agreement or shall expose the Administrative
Agent to liability hereunder or otherwise. In the event the Administrative Agent requests the consent of a Lender pursuant to the foregoing
provisions and the Administrative Agent does not receive a consent (either positive or negative) from such Person within ten (10) Business
Days of such Person's receipt of such request, then such Lender shall be deemed to have consented to the relevant action. 

153 

(e) Notice
of Event of Default, Unmatured Event of Default or Servicer Default . The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge
or notice of the occurrence of an Event of Default, Unmatured Event of Default or Servicer Default, unless the Administrative Agent has
received written notice from a Lender, the Borrower or the Servicer referring to this Agreement, describing such Event of Default, Unmatured
Event of Default or Servicer Default and stating that such notice is a Notice of Event of Default, Notice of Unmatured
Event of Default or Notice of Servicer Default, as applicable. The Administrative Agent shall (subject to Section
9.01(c) take such action with respect to such Event of Default, Unmatured Event of Default or Servicer Default as may be requested
by the Required Lenders acting jointly or as the Administrative Agent shall deem advisable or in the best interest of the Lenders. 

(f) Credit Decision with Respect to the Administrative Agent . Each Lender and each Secured Party acknowledges that none of the
Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by the Administrative Agent
hereinafter taken, including any consent to and acceptance of any assignment or review of the affairs of any Loan Party, the Servicer,
the Originator or any of their respective Affiliates or review or approval of any of the Collateral, shall be deemed to constitute any
representation or warranty by any of the Administrative Agent or its Affiliates to any Lender as to any matter, including whether the
Administrative Agent has disclosed material information in its possession. Each Lender and each Secured Party acknowledges that it has,
independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, or any of the Administrative Agent's Affiliates, and based upon such
documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own evaluation and decision to enter into this Agreement and the other
Transaction Documents to which it is a party. Each Lender and each Secured Party also acknowledges that it will, independently and without
reliance upon the Administrative Agent, or any of the Administrative Agent's Affiliates, and based on such documents and information as
it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the
other Transaction Documents to which it is a party. Each Lender and each Secured Party hereby agrees that the Administrative Agent shall
not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations,
property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of the any Loan Party, the Servicer, the Originator or their respective Affiliates
which may come into the possession of the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates. 

(g) Indemnification
of the Administrative Agent . Each Lender agrees to indemnify the Administrative Agent (to the extent not reimbursed by the
Borrower or the Servicer), ratably in accordance with the Pro Rata Share of its related Lender, from and against any and all
liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or
nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against the Administrative Agent in any way relating to or
arising out of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents, or any action taken or omitted by the Administrative Agent
hereunder or thereunder. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender agrees to reimburse the Administrative Agent, ratably in
accordance with the Pro Rata Share of its related Lender, promptly upon demand for any out-of-pocket expenses (including counsel
fees) incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection with the administration, modification, amendment or enforcement (whether
through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice in respect of rights or responsibilities under, this
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, to the extent that such expenses are incurred in the interests of or otherwise in
respect of the Lenders hereunder and/or thereunder and to the extent that the Administrative Agent is not reimbursed for such
expenses by the Borrower or the Servicer. 

154 

(h) Successor
Administrative Agent . The Administrative Agent may resign at any time, effective upon the appointment and acceptance of a successor
Administrative Agent as provided below, by giving at least five (5) days' written notice thereof to each Lender and the Borrower and
may be removed at any time with cause by the Lenders acting jointly. Upon any such resignation or removal, the Required Lenders shall
appoint a successor Administrative Agent, subject to the approval of the Borrower and the Originator (which approval shall not be (i)
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed or (ii) required at any time during the continuance of an Event of Default or after the
declaration or automatic occurrence of the Facility Maturity Date). Each Lender agrees that it shall not unreasonably withhold or delay
its approval of the appointment of a successor Administrative Agent. If no such successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed,
and shall have accepted such appointment, within thirty (30) days after the retiring Administrative Agent's giving of notice of resignation
or the removal of the retiring Administrative Agent, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Secured Parties, appoint
a successor Administrative Agent which successor Administrative Agent shall be either (x) a commercial bank organized under the laws
of the United States or of any state thereof and have a combined capital and surplus of at least 50,000,000 or (y) an Affiliate of such
a bank. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor Administrative Agent, such successor
Administrative Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring
Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under this Agreement.
After any retiring Administrative Agent's resignation or removal hereunder as Administrative Agent, the provisions of this Article
IX shall continue to inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Administrative Agent
under this Agreement. 

(i) Payments
by the Administrative Agent . Unless specifically allocated to a specific Lender pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, all amounts
received by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders shall be paid by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders in accordance
with their respective Pro Rata Shares in the applicable Advances Outstanding, or if there are no Advances Outstanding in accordance with
their related Lender's most recent Commitments, on the Business Day received by the Administrative Agent, unless such amounts are received
after 12:00 noon on such Business Day, in which case the Administrative Agent shall use its reasonable efforts to pay such amounts to
each Lender on such Business Day, but, in any event, shall pay such amounts to such Lender not later than the following Business Day. 

(j) The
Administrative Agent shall not be responsible or have any liability for, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, monitor or
enforce compliance with the provisions hereof relating to Disqualified Institutions. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall not (x) be obligated to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any Lender or
prospective Lender is a Disqualified Institution or (y) have any liability with respect to or arising out of any assignment
or participation of Loans, or disclosure of confidential information, to any Disqualified Institution. 

155 

(k) Erroneous Payments. 

(i) 
 Each Lender (and each participant of any of the foregoing, by its acceptance of a
participation) hereby acknowledges and agrees that if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender that the Administrative Agent has
determined in its sole discretion that any funds (or any portion thereof) received by such Lender (any of the foregoing, a Payment
Recipient from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or
mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Payment Recipient) (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment
of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and collectively, a Payment and demands the return of such Payment,
such Payment Recipient shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the
amount of any such Payment as to which such a demand was made. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Payment Recipient under this
Section shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 

(ii) Without limitation of clause (i) above, each Payment Recipient further acknowledges
and agrees that if such Payment Recipient receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in an
amount, or on a date different from the amount and/or date specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of
its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice ), (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice,
or (z) that such Payment Recipient otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part),
in each case, it understands and agrees at the time of receipt of such Payment that an error has been made (and that it is deemed to have
knowledge of such error) with respect to such Payment. Each Payment Recipient agrees that, in each such case, it shall promptly notify
the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than
one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a
demand was made. 

(iii) Any Payment required to be returned by a Payment Recipient under this Section shall
be made in same day funds in the currency so received, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date
such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent
at the greater of the federal funds rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on
interbank compensation from time to time in effect. Each Payment Recipient hereby agrees that it shall not assert and, to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law, permitted by applicable law, hereby waives, any right to retain such Payment, and any claim, counterclaim,
defense or right of set-off or recoupment or similar right to any demand by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payment received,
including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. 

156 

(iv) The Borrower and each other Secured Party hereby agrees that (x) in the event any
Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered from any Lender that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the
Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Lender with respect to such amount and (y) the receipt by any Payment
Recipient of a Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed to such Lender by the Borrower
or any other Secured Party except, in each case, to the extent such erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such
erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from the Borrower for the purpose of making such erroneous
Payment. 

ARTICLE
X 
 
 COLLATERAL AGENT 

Section 10.01 
 Designation of Collateral Agent . 

(a) Initial
Collateral Agent . Each of the Borrower, the Servicer, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent hereby designate and appoint the Collateral
Agent to act as its agent for the purposes of perfection of a security interest in the Collateral and hereby authorizes the Collateral
Agent to take such actions on its behalf and on behalf of each of the Secured Parties and to exercise such powers and perform such duties
as are expressly granted to the Collateral Agent by this Agreement. The Collateral Agent hereby accepts such agency appointment to act
as Collateral Agent pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, until its resignation or removal as Collateral Agent pursuant to the terms
hereof. 

(b) Successor Collateral Agent . Upon the Collateral Agent's receipt of a Collateral Agent Termination Notice from the Administrative
Agent of the designation of a successor Collateral Agent pursuant to the provisions of Section 10.05 , the Collateral Agent agrees
that it will terminate its activities as Collateral Agent hereunder. 

(c) Secured
Party . The Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby appoint Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, in its capacity as Collateral
Agent hereunder, as their agent for the purposes of perfection of a security interest in the Collateral. Wells Fargo Bank, National Association,
in its capacity as Collateral Agent hereunder, hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the duties set forth in Section
10.02(b) . 

Section 10.02 
 Duties of Collateral Agent . 

(a) Appointment .
The Borrower, the Servicer, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent each hereby appoints Wells Fargo Bank, National Association to act
as Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties. The Collateral Agent hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform
the duties and obligations with respect thereto set forth herein. 

157 

(b) Duties .
On or before the initial Advance Date, and until its removal pursuant to Section 10.05 , the Collateral Agent shall perform, on
behalf of the Secured Parties, the following duties and obligations: 

(i) The Collateral Agent shall calculate amounts to be remitted pursuant to Section 2.04 to the applicable parties and notify
the Servicer and the Administrative Agent in the event of any discrepancy between the Collateral Agent's calculations and the Servicing
Report (such dispute to be resolved in accordance with Section 2.05 ); 

(ii) The
Collateral Agent shall make payments pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Report or as otherwise directed in accordance with Sections
2.04 or 2.05 . 

(iii) The
Collateral Agent shall provide to the Servicer a copy of all written notices and communications identified as being sent to it in connection
with the Loan Assets and the other Collateral held hereunder which it receives from the related Obligor, participating bank and/or agent
bank. In no instance shall the Collateral Agent be under any duty or obligation to take any action on behalf of the Servicer in respect
of the exercise of any voting or consent rights, or similar actions, unless it receives specific written instructions from the Servicer,
prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default, or the Administrative Agent, after the occurrence of Event of Default, in which event
the Collateral Agent shall vote, consent or take such other action in accordance with such instructions. 

(iv) The
Collateral Agent shall create a database (the Collateral Database with respect to the Loan Assets held by the Borrower on the Closing Date, which Collateral Database shall include all information reasonably
requested by the Administrative Agent with respect to the Loan Assets and the Collateral, on an individual Loan Asset basis and on a
portfolio basis. The Collateral Agent shall permit access to the information in the Collateral Database by the Servicer, the Borrower
and the Administrative Agent no later than the Closing Date. The Collateral Agent shall provide a daily report to the Servicer, the Borrower
and the Administrative Agent, in an electronic format and in scope mutually acceptable to the Collateral Agent, the Servicer, the Borrower
and the Administrative Agent, that summarizes the material information contained in the Collateral Database, including, without limitation,
the Excess Concentration Amount (and details thereof), the Outstanding Balance of the Collateral and balances of the Controlled Accounts.
The Collateral Agent shall update the Collateral Database promptly for Loan Assets and Permitted Investments acquired or sold or otherwise
disposed of and for any amendments or changes to Loan Asset amounts or interest rates. 

(v) The
Collateral Agent shall establish each Collection Account, each Eligible Currency Account and each Unfunded Exposure Account in the name
of the Borrower or the applicable Securitization Subsidiary, as applicable, subject to the lien and control of the Collateral Agent for
the benefit of the Secured Parties. 

(vi) The
Collateral Agent shall track the receipt and daily allocation of cash to the Interest Collection Subaccount and Principal Collection
Subaccount and any withdrawals therefrom and, on each Business Day, provide to the Servicer daily reports reflecting such actions to
the Interest Collection Subaccount and Principal Collection Subaccount as of the close of business on the preceding Business
Day. 

158 

(vii) The Collateral Agent shall assist and reasonably cooperate with the independent certified public accountants in the preparation
of those reports required under Section 6.10 . 

(viii) The
Collateral Agent shall provide the Servicer with such other information as may be reasonably requested in writing by the Servicer and
as is within the possession of the Collateral Agent. 

(c) (i)
The Administrative Agent, each Lender and each Secured Party further authorizes the Collateral Agent to take such action as agent on
its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents as are expressly delegated to the Collateral
Agent by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. In furtherance, and without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, each Secured Party hereby appoints the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Administrative
Agent) as its agent to execute and deliver all further instruments and documents, and take all further action that the Administrative
Agent deems necessary or desirable in order to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the security interests granted by the Loan Parties
hereunder, or to enable any of them to exercise or enforce any of their respective rights hereunder, including, the execution by the
Collateral Agent as secured party/assignee of such financing or continuation statements, or amendments thereto or assignments thereof,
relative to all or any of the Loan Assets now existing or hereafter arising, and such other instruments or notices, as may be necessary
or appropriate for the purposes stated hereinabove. Nothing in this Section
10.02(c) shall be deemed to relieve any Loan Party or the Servicer of their respective obligations to protect the interest
of the Collateral Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) in the Collateral, including to file financing and continuation statements
in respect of the Collateral in accordance with Section 5.01(u) . 

(ii) The
Administrative Agent may direct the Collateral Agent to take any such incidental action hereunder. With respect to other actions which
are incidental to the actions specifically delegated to the Collateral Agent hereunder, the Collateral Agent shall not be required to
take any such incidental action hereunder, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in acting
or refraining from acting) upon the direction of the Administrative Agent; provided that the Collateral Agent shall not be required
to take any action hereunder at the request of the Administrative Agent, any Secured Party or otherwise if the taking of such action,
in the reasonable determination of the Collateral Agent, (x) shall be in violation of any Applicable Law or contrary to any provisions
of this Agreement or (y) shall expose the Collateral Agent to liability hereunder or otherwise (unless it has received indemnity which
it reasonably deems to be satisfactory with respect thereto). In the event the Collateral Agent requests the consent of the Administrative
Agent and the Collateral Agent does not receive a consent (either positive or negative) from the Administrative Agent within ten (10)
Business Days of its receipt of such request, then the Administrative Agent shall be deemed to have declined to consent to the relevant
action. 

159 

(iii) Except as expressly provided herein, the Collateral Agent shall not be under any duty or obligation to take any affirmative action
to exercise or enforce any power, right or remedy available to it under this Agreement unless and until (and to the extent) expressly
so directed by the Administrative Agent. The Collateral Agent shall not be liable for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it in accordance
with the request or direction of any Secured Party, to the extent that this Agreement provides such Secured Party the right to so direct
the Collateral Agent, or the Administrative Agent. The Collateral Agent shall not be deemed to have notice or knowledge of any matter
hereunder, including an Event of Default, unless a Responsible Officer of the Collateral Agent has actual knowledge of such matter or
written notice thereof is received by the Collateral Agent. 

(d) If, in performing its duties under this Agreement, the Collateral Agent is required to decide between alternative courses of action,
the Collateral Agent may request written instructions from the Administrative Agent as to the course of action desired by it. If the Collateral
Agent does not receive such instructions within two (2) Business Days after it has requested them, the Collateral Agent may, but shall
be under no duty to, take or refrain from taking any such courses of action. The Collateral Agent shall act in accordance with instructions
received after such two (2) Business Day period except to the extent it has already, in good faith, taken or committed itself to take,
action inconsistent with such instructions. The Collateral Agent shall be entitled to rely on the advice of legal counsel and independent
accountants in performing its duties hereunder and shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if it acts in accordance with such advice. 

(e) Concurrently
herewith, the Administrative Agent directs the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Agent is authorized to enter into the Control Agreement
and the Pledge Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, all of the Collateral Agent's rights, protections and immunities provided herein
shall apply to the Collateral Agent for any actions taken or omitted to be taken under the Control Agreement in such capacity. 

Section 10.03 
 Merger or Consolidation . Any Person (a) into which the Collateral Agent may be merged or consolidated, (b) that may result
from any merger or consolidation to which the Collateral Agent shall be a party, or (c) that may succeed to the properties and assets
of the Collateral Agent substantially as a whole or that may succeed to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the
Collateral Agent, shall be the successor to the Collateral Agent under this Agreement (and shall be deemed to have expressly assumed all
obligations of the Collateral Agent under this Agreement) without further act of any of the parties to this Agreement. 

Section 10.04 
 Collateral Agent Compensation . As compensation for its Collateral Agent activities hereunder, the Collateral Agent shall
be entitled to the Collateral Agent Fees and Collateral Agent Expenses from the Borrower as set forth in the Wells Fargo Fee Letter, payable
to the extent of funds available therefor pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.04 . The Collateral Agent's entitlement to receive
the Collateral Agent Fees shall cease on the earlier to occur of: (a) its removal as Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 10.05 
or (b) the termination of this Agreement. 

160 

Section 10.05 
 Collateral Agent Removal . The Collateral Agent may be removed, with or without cause, by the Administrative Agent by notice
given in writing to the Collateral Agent (the Collateral Agent Termination
Notice provided that, notwithstanding its receipt of a Collateral Agent Termination Notice, the Collateral
Agent shall continue to act in such capacity until a successor Collateral Agent has been appointed by the Administrative Agent (and consented
to by each of the Borrower, the Originator and the Servicer) and has agreed to act as Collateral Agent hereunder; provided that
the Collateral Agent shall continue to receive compensation of its fees and expenses in accordance with Section 10.04 above while
so serving as the Collateral Agent prior to a successor Collateral Agent being appointed. In the case of a resignation or removal of
the Collateral Agent, if no successor shall have been appointed and an instrument of acceptance by a successor shall not have been delivered
to the Collateral Agent within ninety (90) days after the giving of such notice of resignation or removal, the Collateral Agent may petition
any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Collateral Agent. 

Section 10.06 
 Limitation on Liability . 

(a) 
 The Collateral Agent may conclusively rely on and shall be fully protected in acting upon any certificate, instrument, opinion,
notice, letter or other document delivered to it and that in good faith it reasonably believes to be genuine and that has been signed
by the proper party or parties. The Collateral Agent may rely conclusively on and shall be fully protected in acting upon the written
instructions of any designated officer of the Administrative Agent. 

(b) 
 The Collateral Agent may consult counsel satisfactory to it and the advice or opinion of such counsel shall be full and complete
authorization and protection in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in accordance with
the advice or opinion of such counsel. 

(c) 
 The Collateral Agent shall not be liable for any error of judgment, or for any act done or step taken or omitted by it, in good
faith, or for any mistakes of fact or law, or for anything that it may do or refrain from doing in connection herewith except in the case
of its willful misconduct or grossly negligent performance or omission of its duties. 

(d) 
 The Collateral Agent makes no warranty or representation and shall have no responsibility (except as expressly set forth in this
Agreement) as to the content, enforceability, completeness, validity, sufficiency, value, genuineness, ownership or transferability of
the Collateral, and will not be required to and will not make any representations as to the validity or value (except as expressly set
forth in this Agreement) of any of the Collateral. The Collateral Agent shall not be obligated to take any legal action hereunder that
might in its judgment be contrary to Applicable Law or involve any expense or liability unless it has been furnished with an indemnity
reasonably satisfactory to it. 

161 

(e) The
Collateral Agent shall have no duties or responsibilities except such duties and responsibilities as are specifically set forth in
this Agreement and no covenants or obligations shall be implied in this Agreement against the Collateral Agent. Notwithstanding any
provision to the contrary elsewhere in the Transaction Documents, the Collateral Agent shall not have any fiduciary relationship
with any party hereto or any Secured Party in its capacity as such, and no implied covenants, functions, obligations or
responsibilities shall be read into this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents or otherwise exist against the Collateral Agent.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is hereby expressly agreed and stipulated by the other parties hereto that the
Collateral Agent shall not be required to exercise any discretion hereunder and shall have no investment or management
responsibility. 

(f) 
 The Collateral Agent shall not be required to expend or risk its own funds in the performance of its duties hereunder. 

(g) It
is expressly agreed and acknowledged that the Collateral Agent is not overseeing or guaranteeing performance of or assuming any liability
for the obligations of the other parties hereto or any parties to the Collateral. 

(h) Subject
in all cases to the last sentence of Section 2.05 , in case any reasonable question arises as to its duties hereunder, the Collateral
Agent may, prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default or the Facility Maturity Date, request instructions from the Servicer and may,
after the occurrence of an Event of Default or the Facility Maturity Date, request instructions from the Administrative Agent, and shall
be entitled at all times to refrain from taking any action unless it has received instructions from the Servicer or the Administrative
Agent, as applicable. The Collateral Agent shall in all events have no liability, risk or cost for any action taken pursuant to and in
compliance with the instruction of the Administrative Agent. In no event shall the Collateral Agent be liable for special, indirect or
consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits), even if the Collateral Agent has been
advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. 

(i) 
 The Collateral Agent shall not be liable for the acts or omissions of the Collateral Custodian under this Agreement and shall not
be required to monitor the performance of the Collateral Custodian. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Collateral Agent
shall have no duty to perform any of the duties of the Collateral Custodian under this Agreement. 

(j) 
 It is expressly acknowledged by the parties hereto that application and performance by the Collateral Agent of its various duties
hereunder (including, without limitation, recalculations to be performed in respect of the matters contemplated hereby) shall be based
upon, and in reliance upon, data, information and notice provided to it by the Servicer, the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and/or
any related bank agent, obligor or similar party, and the Collateral Agent shall have no responsibility for the accuracy of any such information
or data provided to it by such persons and shall be entitled to update its records (as it may deem necessary or appropriate). 

162 

(k) 
 The Collateral Agent shall not be responsible for delays or failures in performance resulting from circumstances beyond its control
(such circumstances include but are not limited to acts of God, strikes, lockouts, riots, acts of war, loss or malfunctions of utilities,
computer (hardware or software) or communications services). 

(l) The
parties acknowledge that in accordance with the Customer Identification Program (CIP) requirements under the Patriot Act and its
implementing regulations, the Collateral Agent in order to help fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering, is required to
obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person or legal entity that establishes a relationship or opens an
account with the Collateral Agent. The Borrower hereby agrees that it shall provide the Collateral Agent with such information as it
may reasonably request including, but not limited to, such Borrower s name, physical address, tax identification number and
other information that will help the Collateral Agent to identify and verify the identities of such Borrower such as organizational
documents, certificate of good standing, license to do business, or other pertinent identifying information. 

Section 10.07 
 Collateral Agent Resignation . The Collateral Agent may resign at any time by giving not less than ninety (90) days' written
notice thereof to the Administrative Agent and with the consent of the Administrative Agent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.
Upon receiving such notice of resignation, the Administrative Agent shall promptly appoint a successor collateral agent or collateral
agents by written instrument, in duplicate, executed by the Administrative Agent, one copy of which shall be delivered to the Collateral
Agent so resigning and one copy to the successor collateral agent or collateral agents, together with a copy to the Borrower, Servicer
and Collateral Custodian. If no successor collateral agent shall have been appointed and an instrument of acceptance by a successor Collateral
Agent shall not have been delivered to the Collateral Agent within forty-five (45) days after the giving of such notice of resignation,
the resigning Collateral Agent may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Collateral Agent. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Collateral Agent may not resign prior to a successor Collateral Agent being appointed. 

ARTICLE
XI 
 
 COLLATERAL CUSTODIAN 

Section 11.01 
 Designation of Collateral Custodian . 

(a) 
 Initial Collateral Custodian . The role of Collateral Custodian with respect to the Required Loan Documents shall be conducted
by the Person designated as Collateral Custodian hereunder from time to time in accordance with this Section 11.01 . The Administrative
Agent, the Borrower, the Lenders and the Servicer hereby designates and appoints the Collateral Custodian to act as its agent and hereby
authorizes the Collateral Custodian to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly
granted to the Collateral Custodian by this Agreement. The Collateral Custodian hereby accepts such agency appointment to act as Collateral
Custodian pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, until its resignation or removal as Collateral Custodian pursuant to the terms hereof. 

163 

(b) 
 Successor Collateral Custodian . Upon the Collateral Custodian's receipt of a Collateral Custodian Termination Notice from
the Administrative Agent of the designation of a successor Collateral Custodian pursuant to the provisions of Section 11.05 , the
Collateral Custodian agrees that it will terminate its activities as Collateral Custodian hereunder. 

Section 11.02 
 Duties of Collateral Custodian . 

(a) 
 Appointment . The Administrative Agent, the Borrower, the Lenders and the Servicer each hereby appoints Wells Fargo Bank,
National Association to act as Collateral Custodian, for the benefit of the Secured Parties. The Collateral Custodian hereby accepts such
appointment and agrees to perform the duties and obligations with respect thereto set forth herein. 

(b) 
 Duties . From the Closing Date until its removal pursuant to Section 11.05 , the Collateral Custodian shall perform,
on behalf of the Secured Parties, the following duties and obligations: 

(i) 
 The Collateral Custodian shall take and retain custody of the Required Loan Documents delivered by the Borrower pursuant to Section
3.02(a) and Section 3.04(b) hereof in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, all for the benefit of the
Secured Parties. Within five (5) Business Days of its receipt of any Required Loan Documents, the related Loan Asset Schedule and a hard
copy of the Loan Asset Checklist, the Collateral Custodian shall review the Required Loan Documents to confirm that (A) such Required
Loan Documents have been executed (either an original or a copy, as indicated on the Loan Asset Checklist) and have no mutilated pages,
(B) filed stamped copies of the UCC and other filings (required by the Required Loan Documents) are included, (C) if listed on the Loan
Asset Checklist, a copy of an Insurance Policy (or evidence thereof) with respect to any real or personal property constituting the Related
Collateral is included, and (D) the related original balance (based on a comparison to the note or assignment agreement, as applicable),
Loan Asset number and Obligor name, as applicable, with respect to such Loan Asset is referenced on the related Loan Asset Schedule (such
items (A) through (D) collectively, the Review Criteria ).
In order to facilitate the foregoing review by the Collateral Custodian, in connection with each delivery of Required Loan Documents
hereunder to the Collateral Custodian, the Servicer shall provide to the Collateral Custodian a hard copy (which may be preceded by an
electronic copy, as applicable) of the related Loan Asset Checklist which contains the Loan Asset information with respect to the Required
Loan Documents being delivered, identification number and the name of the Obligor with respect to such Loan Asset. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, the Collateral Custodian's obligation to review the Required Loan Documents shall be limited to reviewing such
Required Loan Documents based on the information provided on the Loan Asset Checklist. If, at the conclusion of such review, the Collateral
Custodian shall determine that (I) the original balance of the Loan Asset with respect to which it has received Required Loan Documents
is less than as set forth on the Loan Asset Schedule, the Collateral Custodian shall notify the Administrative Agent and the Servicer
of such discrepancy within one (1) Business Day, or (II) any Review Criteria is not satisfied, the Collateral Custodian shall within
one (1) Business Day notify the Servicer of such determination and provide the Servicer with a list of the non-complying Loan Assets
and the applicable Review Criteria that they fail to satisfy. The Servicer shall have five (5) Business Days after notice or knowledge
thereof to correct any non-compliance with any Review Criteria. In addition, if requested in writing (in the form of Exhibit J by the Servicer and approved by the Administrative Agent within ten (10) Business Days of the Collateral Custodian's delivery of such
report, the Collateral Custodian shall return any Loan Asset which fails to satisfy a Review Criteria to the Borrower. Other than the
foregoing, the Collateral Custodian shall not have any responsibility for reviewing any Required Loan Documents. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained herein, the Collateral Custodian shall have no duty or obligation with respect to any Loan Asset Checklist
delivered to it in electronic form. 

164 

(ii) 
 In taking and retaining custody of the Required Loan Documents, the Collateral Custodian shall be deemed to be acting as the agent
of the Secured Parties; provided that the Collateral Custodian makes no representations as to the existence, perfection or priority
of any Lien on the Required Loan Documents or the instruments therein; and provided further that the Collateral Custodian's duties
shall be limited to those expressly contemplated herein. 

(iii) 
 All Required Loan Documents shall be kept in fire resistant vaults, rooms or cabinets at the address of the Collateral Custodian
located at 425 Hennepin Ave., Minneapolis, MN 55414, or at such other office as shall be specified to the Administrative Agent and the
Servicer by the Collateral Custodian in a written notice delivered at least thirty (30) days prior to such change. All Required Loan Documents
shall be placed together with an appropriate identifying label and maintained in such a manner so as to permit retrieval and access. The
Collateral Custodian shall segregate the Required Loan Documents on its inventory system and will not commingle the physical Required
Loan Documents with any other files of the Collateral Custodian other than those, if any, relating to the Originator and its Affiliates
and subsidiaries. 

(iv) 
 On the Reporting Date of each month, the Collateral Custodian shall provide a written report to the Administrative Agent and the
Servicer (in a form mutually agreeable to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Custodian) identifying each Loan Asset for which
it holds Required Loan Documents and the applicable Review Criteria that any Loan Asset fails to satisfy. 

(v) 
 Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary elsewhere in the Transaction Documents, the Collateral Custodian shall not have any
fiduciary relationship with any party hereto or any Secured Party in its capacity as such, and no implied covenants, functions, obligations
or responsibilities shall be read into this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents or otherwise exist against the Collateral Custodian.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is hereby expressly agreed and stipulated by the other parties hereto that the Collateral
Custodian shall not be required to exercise any discretion hereunder and shall have no investment or management responsibility. 

165 

(vi) 
 If, in performing its duties under this Agreement, the Collateral Custodian is required to decide between alternative courses of
action, the Collateral Custodian may request written instructions from the Administrative Agent as to the course of action desired by
the Administrative Agent. If the Collateral Custodian does not receive such instructions within two (2) Business Days after it has requested
them, the Collateral Custodian may, but shall be under no duty to, take or refrain from taking any such courses of action. The Collateral
Custodian shall act in accordance with instructions received after such two (2) Business Day period except to the extent it has already,
in good faith, taken or committed itself to take, action inconsistent with such instructions. The Collateral Custodian shall be entitled
to rely on the advice of legal counsel and independent accountants in performing its duties hereunder and shall be deemed to have acted
in good faith if it acts in accordance with such advice. 

(c) 
 (i) The Collateral Custodian agrees to cooperate with the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent and deliver any Required
Loan Documents to the Collateral Agent or Administrative Agent (pursuant to a written request in the form of Exhibit J ), as applicable,
as requested in order to take any action that the Administrative Agent deems necessary or desirable in order to perfect, protect or more
fully evidence the security interests granted by the Borrower hereunder, or to enable any of them to exercise or enforce any of their
respective rights hereunder, including any rights arising with respect to Article VII . In the event the Collateral Custodian receives
instructions from the Collateral Agent, the Servicer or the Borrower which conflict with any instructions received by the Administrative
Agent, the Collateral Custodian shall rely on and follow the instructions given by the Administrative Agent. 

(ii) 
 The Administrative Agent may direct the Collateral Custodian to take any such incidental action hereunder. With respect to other
actions which are incidental to the actions specifically delegated to the Collateral Custodian hereunder, the Collateral Custodian shall
not be required to take any such incidental action hereunder, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully
protected in acting or refraining from acting) upon the direction of the Administrative Agent; provided that the Collateral Custodian
shall not be required to take any action hereunder at the request of the Administrative Agent, any Secured Party or otherwise if the taking
of such action, in the reasonable determination of the Collateral Custodian, (x) shall be in violation of any Applicable Law or contrary
to any provisions of this Agreement or (y) shall expose the Collateral Custodian to liability hereunder or otherwise (unless it has received
indemnity which it reasonably deems to be satisfactory with respect thereto). In the event the Collateral Custodian requests the consent
of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Custodian does not receive a consent (either positive or negative) from the Administrative
Agent within ten (10) Business Days of its receipt of such request, then the Administrative Agent shall be deemed to have declined to
consent to the relevant action. 

166 

(iii) 
 The Collateral Custodian shall not be liable for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it in accordance with the request or
direction of any Secured Party, to the extent that this Agreement provides such Secured Party the right to so direct the Collateral Custodian,
or the Administrative Agent. The Collateral Custodian shall not be deemed to have notice or knowledge of any matter hereunder, including
an Event of Default, unless a Responsible Officer of the Collateral Custodian has actual knowledge of such matter or written notice thereof
is received by the Collateral Custodian. 

Section 11.03 
 Merger or Consolidation . Any Person (a) into which the Collateral Custodian may be merged or consolidated, (b) that may
result from any merger or consolidation to which the Collateral Custodian shall be a party, or (c) that may succeed to the properties
and assets of the Collateral Custodian substantially as a whole, which Person in any of the foregoing cases executes an agreement of assumption
to perform every obligation of the Collateral Custodian hereunder, shall be the successor to the Collateral Custodian under this Agreement
without further act of any of the parties to this Agreement. 

Section 11.04 
 Collateral Custodian Compensation . As compensation for its Collateral Custodian activities hereunder, the Collateral Custodian
shall be entitled to the Collateral Custodian Fees from the Borrower as set forth in the Wells Fargo Fee Letter, payable pursuant to
the extent of funds available therefor pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.04 . The Collateral Custodian's entitlement to receive
the Collateral Custodian Fees shall cease on the earlier to occur of: (a) its removal as Collateral Custodian pursuant to Section
11.05 , (b) its resignation as Collateral Custodian pursuant to Section 11.07 of this Agreement or (c) the termination of this
Agreement. 

Section 11.05 
 Collateral Custodian Removal . The Collateral Custodian may be removed, with or without cause, by the Administrative Agent
by notice given in writing to the Collateral Custodian (the Collateral
Custodian Termination Notice provided that, notwithstanding its receipt of a Collateral Custodian Termination
Notice, the Collateral Custodian shall continue to act in such capacity until a successor Collateral Custodian has been appointed and
has agreed to act as Collateral Custodian hereunder. In the case of a resignation or removal of the Collateral Custodian, if no successor
shall have been appointed and an instrument of acceptance by a successor shall not have been delivered to the Collateral Custodian within
ninety (90) days after the giving of such notice of resignation or removal, the Collateral Custodian may petition any court of competent
jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Collateral Custodian. 

Section 11.06 
 Limitation on Liability . 

(a) 
 The Collateral Custodian may conclusively rely on and shall be fully protected in acting upon any certificate, instrument, opinion,
notice, letter or other document delivered to it and that in good faith it reasonably believes to be genuine and that has been signed
by the proper party or parties. The Collateral Custodian may rely conclusively on and shall be fully protected in acting upon the written
instructions of any designated officer of the Administrative Agent. 

167 

(b) 
 The Collateral Custodian may consult counsel satisfactory to it and the advice or opinion of such counsel shall be full and complete
authorization and protection in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in accordance with
the advice or opinion of such counsel. 

(c) 
 The Collateral Custodian shall not be liable for any error of judgment, or for any act done or step taken or omitted by it, in
good faith, or for any mistakes of fact or law, or for anything that it may do or refrain from doing in connection herewith except in
the case of its willful misconduct or grossly negligent performance or omission of its duties. 

(d) 
 The Collateral Custodian makes no warranty or representation and shall have no responsibility (except as expressly set forth in
this Agreement) as to the content, enforceability, completeness, validity, sufficiency, value, genuineness, ownership or transferability
of the Collateral, and will not be required to and will not make any representations as to the validity or value (except as expressly
set forth in this Agreement) of any of the Collateral. The Collateral Custodian shall not be obligated to take any legal action hereunder
that might in its judgment be contrary to Applicable Law or involve any expense or liability unless it has been furnished with an indemnity
reasonably satisfactory to it. 

(e) 
 The Collateral Custodian shall have no duties or responsibilities except such duties and responsibilities as are specifically
set forth in this Agreement and no covenants or obligations shall be implied in this Agreement against the Collateral Custodian. 

(f) 
 The Collateral Custodian shall not be required to expend or risk its own funds in the performance of its duties hereunder. 

(g) 
 It is expressly agreed and acknowledged that the Collateral Custodian is not overseeing or guaranteeing performance of or assuming
any liability for the obligations of the other parties hereto or any parties to the Collateral. 

(h) 
 Subject in all cases to the last sentence of Section 11.02(c)(i) , in case any reasonable question arises as to its duties
hereunder, the Collateral Custodian may, prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default or the Facility Maturity Date, request instructions
from the Servicer and may, after the occurrence of an Event of Default or the Facility Maturity Date, request instructions from the Administrative
Agent, and shall be entitled at all times to refrain from taking any action unless it has received instructions from the Servicer or the
Administrative Agent, as applicable. The Collateral Custodian shall in all events have no liability, risk or cost for any action taken
pursuant to and in compliance with the instruction of the Administrative Agent. In no event shall the Collateral Custodian be liable for
special, indirect or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits), even if the Collateral
Custodian has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. 

(i) 
 It is expressly acknowledged by the parties hereto that application and performance by the Collateral Custodian of its various
duties hereunder (including, without limitation, recalculations to be performed in respect of the matters contemplated hereby) shall be
based upon, and in reliance upon, data, information and notice provided to it by the Servicer, the Administrative Agent, the Borrower
and/or any related bank agent, obligor or similar party, and the Collateral Custodian shall have no responsibility for the accuracy of
any such information or data provided to it by such persons and shall be entitled to update its records (as it may deem necessary or appropriate). 

168 

(j) 
 The Collateral Custodian shall not be responsible for delays or failures in performance resulting from circumstances beyond its
control (such circumstances include but are not limited to acts of God, strikes, lockouts, riots, acts of war, loss or malfunctions of
utilities, computer (hardware or software) or communications services). 

(k) 
 The parties acknowledge that in accordance with the Customer Identification Program (CIP) requirements under the Patriot Act and
its implementing regulations, the Collateral Custodian in order to help fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering, is required
to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person or legal entity that establishes a relationship or opens an account
with the Collateral Custodian. The Borrower hereby agrees that it shall provide the Collateral Custodian with such information as it may
request including, but not limited to, such Borrower s name, physical address, tax identification number and other information that
will help the Collateral Custodian to identify and verify such Borrower s identity such as organizational documents, certificate
of good standing, license to do business, or other pertinent identifying information. 

Section 11.07 
 Collateral Custodian Resignation . Collateral Custodian may resign and be discharged from its duties or obligations hereunder,
not earlier than ninety (90) days after delivery to the Administrative Agent of written notice of such resignation specifying a date
when such resignation shall take effect. Upon the effective date of such resignation, or if the Administrative Agent gives Collateral
Custodian written notice of an earlier termination hereof, Collateral Custodian shall (i) be reimbursed for any costs and expenses Collateral
Custodian shall incur in connection with the termination of its duties under this Agreement and (ii) deliver all of the Required Loan
Documents in the possession of Collateral Custodian to the Administrative Agent or to such Person as the Administrative Agent may designate
to Collateral Custodian in writing upon the receipt of a request in the form of Exhibit J . Notwithstanding anything herein to
the contrary, the Collateral Custodian may not resign prior to a successor Collateral Custodian being appointed. 

Section 11.08 
 Release of Documents . 

(a) 
 Release for Servicer . From time to time and as appropriate for the enforcement or servicing of any of the Collateral, the
Collateral Custodian is hereby authorized (unless and until such authorization is revoked by the Administrative Agent), upon written receipt
from the Servicer of a request for release of documents and receipt in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit J , to release to the
Servicer within two (2) Business Days of receipt of such request, the related Required Loan Documents or the documents set forth in such
request and receipt to the Servicer. All documents so released to the Servicer shall be held by the Servicer in trust for the benefit
of the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. The Servicer shall return to
the Collateral Custodian the Required Loan Documents or other such documents (i) promptly upon the request of the Administrative Agent,
or (ii) when the Servicer's need therefor in connection with such foreclosure or servicing no longer exists, unless the Loan Asset shall
be liquidated, in which case, the Servicer shall deliver an additional request for release of documents to the Collateral Custodian and
receipt certifying such liquidation from the Servicer to the Collateral Agent, all in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit J . 

169 

(b) 
 Limitation on Release . The foregoing provision with respect to the release to the Servicer of the Required Loan Documents
and documents by the Collateral Custodian upon request by the Servicer shall be operative only to the extent that the Administrative Agent
has consented to such release. Promptly after delivery to the Collateral Custodian of any request for release of documents, the Servicer
shall provide notice of the same to the Administrative Agent. Any additional Required Loan Documents or documents requested to be released
by the Servicer may be released only upon written authorization of the Administrative Agent. The limitations of this paragraph shall not
apply to the release of Required Loan Documents to the Servicer pursuant to the immediately succeeding subsection. 

(c) 
 Release for Payment . Upon receipt by the Collateral Custodian of the Servicer's request for release of documents and receipt
in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit J (which certification shall include a statement to the effect that all amounts received)
in connection with such payment or repurchase have been credited to the Collection Account, the Collateral Custodian shall promptly release
the related Required Loan Documents to the Servicer. 

Section 11.09 
 Return of Required Loan Documents . The Borrower may, with the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent
not to be unreasonably withheld), require that the Collateral Custodian return each Required Loan Document (a) delivered to the Collateral
Custodian in error or (b) released from the Lien of the Collateral Agent hereunder pursuant to Section 2.14 , in each case by submitting
to the Collateral Custodian and the Administrative Agent a written request in the form of Exhibit J hereto (signed by both the
Borrower and the Administrative Agent) specifying the Collateral to be so returned and reciting that the conditions to such release have
been met (and specifying the Section or Sections of this Agreement being relied upon for such release). The Collateral Custodian shall
upon its receipt of each such request for return executed by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly, but in any event within
five (5) Business Days, return the Required Loan Documents so requested to the Borrower. 

Section 11.10 
 Access to Certain Documentation and Information Regarding the Collateral . The Collateral Custodian shall provide to the
Administrative Agent and each Lender access to the Required Loan Documents and all other documentation regarding the Collateral including
in such cases where the Administrative Agent and each Lender is required in connection with the enforcement of the rights or interests
of the Secured Parties, or by applicable statutes or regulations, to review such documentation, such access being afforded without charge
but only (a) upon two (2) Business Days prior written request, (b) during normal business hours and (c) subject to the Servicer's and
the Collateral Custodian's normal security and confidentiality procedures. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section
11.10 , from time to time on request of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Custodian shall permit certified public accountants
or other auditors acceptable to the Administrative Agent to conduct, at the expense of the Servicer (on behalf of the Borrower), a review
of the Required Loan Documents and all other documentation regarding the Collateral; provided that, prior to the occurrence of
an Event of Default, such review shall be conducted no more than two times in any calendar year. 

170 

Section 11.11 
 Bailment . The Collateral Custodian agrees that, with respect to any Required Loan Documents at any time or times in its
possession or held in its name, the Collateral Custodian shall be the agent and bailee of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the
Secured Parties, for purposes of perfecting (to the extent not otherwise perfected) the Collateral Agent's security interest in the Collateral
and for the purpose of ensuring that such security interest is entitled to first priority status under the UCC. 

ARTICLE
XII 
 
 MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 12.01 
 Amendments and Waivers . 

(a) (i)
No amendment or modification of any provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or consent to any departure by
the Borrower therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Borrower, the
Servicer, the Required Lenders (or the Administrative Agent on their behalf), the Administrative Agent and, solely if such amendment
or modification would adversely affect the rights and obligations of the Originator, the Collateral Agent, the Account Bank or the
Collateral Custodian, the written agreement of the Originator, the Collateral Agent, the Account Bank or the Collateral Custodian,
as applicable; and (ii) no termination or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure therefrom by the
Borrower or the Servicer shall be effective without the written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders. Any
waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given. 

(b) 
 Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 12.01(a) but subject to the other provisions hereof, the written consent of all
of the Lenders (unless otherwise noted) shall be required for any amendment, modification or waiver: 

(i) 
 reducing the principal amount of the Advances Outstanding or the Yield (or the rate of the Yield) thereon; 

(ii) 
 solely with the consent of each Lender affected thereby, increasing the aggregate Commitments or the Facility Amount; 

(iii) 
 solely with the consent of each Lender affected thereby, extending, waiving or postponing any date for any payment of any Advance,
all or any portion of the Yield thereon or any fees or other amounts due to the Lenders (or any of them); 

(iv) 
 modifying, amending or waiving the provisions of this Section 12.01 or the definition of Amortization Period ,
 Required Lenders , Collateral , Concentration Limitations , Advance Rate , or any
other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights hereunder
or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder; 

171 

(v) 
 solely to the extent any such modification would reasonably be expected to adversely affect the Lenders, modifying the provisions
of Section 2.04 or any related definitions or provisions that would alter the order of application of proceeds or would alter the
 pro rata sharing of payments required thereby; 

(vi) 
 extending the Stated Maturity or clause (a) of the definition of Commitment Termination Date 

(vii) 
 making any modification to the defined term of Eligible Currency that would add a currency; 

(viii) 
 except as permitted by the Transaction Documents, releasing all or substantially all of the Collateral; or 

(ix) 
 waive the occurrence of an Event of Default set forth under Sections 7.01(a) , 7.01(b) and 7.01(r) . 

(c) 
 Benchmark Replacement (Dollar) . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Transaction Document, if: 

(i) 
 (A) a Benchmark Transition Event or, as the case may be, an Early Opt-in Election and (B) a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect
thereto occur prior to the Reference Time in connection with any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then such Benchmark Replacement
(Dollar) will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes under this Agreement and under any other Transaction Document in respect
of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without requiring any amendment to, or requiring any further action by or
consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or 

(ii) 
 (A) a Benchmark Transition Event or, as the case may be, an Early Opt-in Election and the Benchmark Replacement Date with respect
thereto occur prior to the Reference Time for any setting of the then-current Benchmark and as a result the then-current Benchmark is
being determined in accordance with clauses (2), (3) or (4) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement (Dollar) and (B)
the Administrative Agent subsequently determines, that (w) Term SOFR and a Benchmark Replacement Adjustment with respect thereto is or
has becomes available and the Benchmark Replacement Date with respect thereto has occurred, (x) there is currently a market for U.S. dollar-denominated
transactions utilizing Term SOFR as a Benchmark and for determining the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment with respect thereto, (y) Term
SOFR is being recommended as the Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities by the Relevant Government Authority
and (z) in any event, Term SOFR, the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment with respect thereto and the application thereof is administratively
feasible for the Administrative Agent (as determined by the Administrative Agent), then clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark
Replacement (Dollar) will, without requiring any amendment to, or requiring any further action by or consent of any other party
to, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, replace such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other
Transaction Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings on and from the beginning of the next Remittance
Period or, as the case may be, Available Tenor so long as the Administrative Agent notifies all the parties hereto prior to the commencement
of such next Remittance Period or, as the case may be, Available Tenor. 

172 

(d) 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes . In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement (Dollar), the
Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything
to the contrary herein or in any other Transaction Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes
will become effective without requiring any further action by or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Transaction
Document. 

(e) 
 Changes to SONIA Rate 

(i) 
 (e) Benchmark Replacement (GBP) . If
a Screen Published
 Rate Replacement Event has occurred in relation to LIBOR (GBP), the Administrative Agent,
in consultation with the Borrower, may effect SONIA,
 any amendment or waiver hereto which relates to: 

a. 
 (i) providing for the use of a Replacement Benchmark
(GBP) in relation to that currency in place of LIBOR (GBP) Reference
Rate ; and 

(i) (ii) (a) aligning
any provision of any Transaction Document to the use of that Replacement Benchmark (GBP); (b) 
 Reference Rate; 

(ii) enabling that Replacement Benchmark (GBP) Reference
Rate to be used for the calculation of interest under this Agreement (including, without limitation, any consequential changes
required to enable that Replacement Benchmark (GBP) Reference
Rate to be used for the purposes of this Agreement); (c) 

(iii) implementing market conventions applicable to that Replacement Benchmark
(GBP); (d) Reference Rate; 

(iv) providing for appropriate fallback (and market disruption) provisions for that Replacement Benchmark
(GBP) Reference Rate ; or (e)

173 

(v) adjusting the pricing to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of economic
value from one party to another as a result of the application of that Replacement Benchmark (GBP) Reference
Rate (and if any adjustment or method for calculating any adjustment has been formally designated, nominated or recommended
by the Relevant Nominating Body, the adjustment shall be determined on the basis of that designation, nomination or recommendation) . , 

may
be made with the consent of the Administrative Agent (acting on the instructions of the Required Lenders) and the Borrowers. 

(ii) 
 An amendment or waiver that relates to, or has the effect of, aligning the means
of calculation of interest on a GBP Advance under this Agreement to any recommendation of a Relevant Nominating Body which: 

(A) 
 relates to the use of SONIA on a compounded basis in the international or any relevant
domestic syndicated loan markets; and 

(B) 
 is issued on or after the date of this Agreement, 

(C) 
 may be made with the consent of the Administrative Agent (acting on the instructions
of the Required Lenders). 

(f)
 (f) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations .
The Administrative Agent will promptly notify all the parties hereto of (i) any occurrence of (A) a Benchmark Transition Event or, as
the case may be, an Early Opt-in Election and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Date with respect thereto, (ii) the implementation of any
Benchmark Replacement (Dollar) or Replacement Benchmark (GBP) SONIA ,
(iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the occurrence of a Screen
Rate Replacement Event change pursuant to Section 12.01(e) 
and (v) the effectiveness of any amendment pursuant to Section 12.01( e d .
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent in connection with the implementation of any Benchmark
Replacement (Dollar) or Replacement Benchmark (GBP) SONIA 
pursuant to this Agreement, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence
of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and
binding absent manifest error and may be made in the Administrative Agent s sole discretion and without consent from any other party
to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. 

174 

Section 12.02 
 Notices, Etc. Except as otherwise provided herein, all notices and other communications hereunder to any party shall be
in writing and sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, by overnight delivery service, with all charges paid, by
electronic mail email or by hand delivery, to such party's address set forth below: 

BORROWER : 
 Golub Capital BDC Funding II LLC 

c/o Golub Capital BDC, Inc. 

200 Park Avenue, 25th Floor 

New York, New York 10166 

Attention: Structured Products 

Email: structuredproducts@golubcapital.com 

SERVICER AND ORIGINATOR : 
 c/o Golub Capital BDC, Inc. 

200 Park Avenue, 25th Floor 

New York, New York 10166 

Attention: Structured Products 

Email: structuredproducts@golubcapital.com 

SECURITIZATION SUBSIDIARIES : 
 NONE 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT : 
 Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. 

1585 Broadway, 24th Floor 

New York, New York 10036 

Attention: FID Secured Lending Group 

Email: (for borrowing requests) 

mmborrowingrequests@morganstanley.com 

(for all other purposes) 

mmloanapprovals@morganstanley.com 

With a copy to: 

Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 

1300 Thames Street Wharf 

Baltimore, MD 21231 

Attention: CLO Team 

Email: (for borrowing requests) 

mmborrowingrequests@morganstanley.com 

(for all other purposes) 

mmloanapprovals@morganstanley.com 

175 

COLLATERAL AGENT : 
 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 

Corporate Trust Services Division 

9062 Old Annapolis Rd. 

Columbia, MD 21045 

Attn: CDO Trust Services Golub Capital 
 
 Financing Funding III LLC 

Email: golubcapital@wellsfargo.com 

Phone: 410-884-2000 

ACCOUNT BANK : 
 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 

Corporate Trust Services Division 

9062 Old Annapolis Rd. 

Columbia, MD 21045 

Attn: CDO Trust Services Golub Capital BDC 
 
 Funding LLC 

Email: golubcapital@wellsfargo.com 

Phone: 410-884-2000 

LENDER : 
 Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 

201 South Main Street 

Salt Lake City, Utah 84111-2215 

Email: (for borrowing requests) 
mmborrowingrequests@morganstanley.com 

(for all other purposes) 
 mmloanapprovals@morganstanley.com 

With copies to: 

Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 

1585 Broadway, 24th Floor 

New York, New York 10036 

Attention: FID Secured Lending Group 

Email: (for borrowing requests) 
mmborrowingrequests@morganstanley.com 

(for all other purposes) 
 mmloanapprovals@morganstanley.com 

Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 

1300 Thames Street, Thames Street Wharf 

Baltimore, Maryland 21231 

Email: (for borrowing requests) 
mmborrowingrequests@morganstanley.com 

(for all other purposes) 
mmloanapprovals@morganstanley.com 

176 

or at such other address as such party may hereafter
specify in a notice given in the manner required under this Section 12.02 . All such notices and correspondence shall be deemed
given (a) if sent by certified or registered mail, three (3) Business Days after being postmarked, (b) if sent by overnight delivery service
or by hand delivery, when received at the above stated addresses or when delivery is refused and (c) if sent by email, when received. 

Section 12.03 
 No Waiver; Remedies . No failure on the part of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender to exercise,
and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right
hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The remedies herein provided are cumulative
and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law. 

Section 12.04 
 Binding Effect; Assignability; Multiple Lenders . 

(a) 
 This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each Loan Party, the Servicer, the Administrative Agent, each
Lender, the Collateral Agent, the Account Bank, the Collateral Custodian and their respective successors and permitted assigns. With
the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (unless such assignment is to an Affiliate of a Lender or is otherwise required
by Applicable Law), each Lender and their respective successors and assigns may assign, grant a security interest or sell a participation
interest in, (i) this Agreement and such Lender's rights and obligations hereunder and interest herein in whole or in part (including
by way of the sale of participation interests therein) and/or (ii) any Advance (or portion thereof) to any Person; provided that,
so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred, the Borrower has provided its written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed) to such assignment to any Person that is a Disqualified Institution, or is not a Lender or an Affiliate
of a Lender (but, for the avoidance of doubt, no such consent of the Borrower shall be required for any grant of a security interest
or sale of a participation interest to any Person, an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, an assignment to a Person that
is not a Disqualified Institution or an assignment that is required by Applicable Law). Any such assignee shall execute and deliver to
the Servicer, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent a fully-executed assignment and acceptance agreement in the form of Exhibit
K hereto (a Assignment and Acceptance ). The parties
to any such assignment, grant or sale of a participation interest shall execute and deliver to the related Lender for its acceptance
and recording in its books and records, such agreement or document as may be satisfactory to such parties and the applicable Lender.
None of any Loan Party, the Originator or the Servicer may assign, or permit any Lien to exist upon, any of its rights or obligations
hereunder or under any Transaction Document or any interest herein or in any Transaction Document without the prior written consent of
each Lender and the Administrative Agent. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary
agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each participant and the principal amounts (and
stated interest) of each participant s interest in the Advances or other obligations under the Transaction Documents (the Participant
Register ); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register
(including the identity of any participant or any information relating to a participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters
of credit or its other obligations under any Transaction Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary
to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the
United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender
shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this
Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative
Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 

177 

(b) 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 12.04 , any Lender may at any time pledge or grant a security interest
in all or any portion of its rights (including, rights to payment of principal and interest) under this Agreement to secure obligations
of such Lender to a Federal Reserve Bank, without notice to or consent of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent; provided that
no such pledge or grant of a security interest shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder, or substitute any such
pledgee or grantee for such Lender as a party hereto. 

(c) 
 Each Affected Party and each Indemnified Party shall be an express third party beneficiary of this Agreement. 

(d) 
 Upon the effectiveness of any assignment by any Lender of all or any of its rights and obligations under the Transaction Documents
pursuant to Section 12.04(a) and the delivery to the Administrative Agent of all assignment documentation and the Assignment and
Acceptance, the Administrative Agent shall revise Annex A to reflect such assignment. 

Section 12.05 
 Term of This Agreement . This Agreement, including, each Loan Party's representations and covenants set forth in Articles
IV and V and the Servicer's representations, covenants and duties set forth in Articles IV , V and VI ,
shall remain in full force and effect until the Collection Date; provided that the rights and remedies with respect to any breach
of any representation and warranty made or deemed made by any Loan Party or the Servicer pursuant to Articles III and IV 
and the indemnification and payment provisions of Article VIII , IX and Article XII and the provisions of Section
2.10 , Section 2.11 , Section 12.07 and Section 12.09 shall be continuing and shall survive any termination of
this Agreement. 

Section 12.06 
 GOVERNING LAW; JURY WAIVER . 

(a) 
 THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK
WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF (OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW). 

(b) 
 BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF EACH TRANSACTION DOCUMENT TO WHICH IT IS A PARTY, EACH
OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE NONEXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF
THE SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT
OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, OR FOR
RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS
IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE OR, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN
SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY
BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT SHALL AFFECT
ANY RIGHT THAT ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY LENDER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AGAINST
ANY LOAN PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION. 

178 

(c) 
 EACH LOAN PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT IT MAY LEGALLY AND EFFECTIVELY DO SO, ANY
OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS
AGREEMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (A) OF THIS Section 12.06 . EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES,
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH
COURT. 

(d) 
 EACH OF THE PARTIES (OTHER THAN THE COLLATERAL AGENT, COLLATERAL CUSTODIAN, AND ACCOUNT BANK) HERETO WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF
PROCESS AND IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN Section 12.02 . NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT
WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW. 

(e) JURY
WAIVER . EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY (i) WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY
ACTION OR PROCEEDING BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF, OR IN ANY WAY RELATING TO (1) THIS AGREEMENT; (2) ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT;
OR (3) ANY CONDUCT, ACTS OR OMISSIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT OF ANY LOAN PARTY, THE ADMINISTRATIVE
AGENT, A LENDER OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, ADMINISTRATIVE AGENTS, ATTORNEYS OR OTHER AFFILIATES, IN
EACH CASE WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT, EQUITY OR OTHERWISE, AND (ii) AGREES AND CONSENTS THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF
ACTION UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT SHALL BE DECIDED BY COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY, AND THAT ANY PARTY TO
THIS AGREEMENT MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL COUNTERPART OR A COPY OF THIS SECTION AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENTS OF THE PARTIES TO THE
WAIVER OF THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY 

179 

Section 12.07 
 Costs, Expenses and Taxes . 

(a) 
 In addition to the rights of indemnification granted to the Indemnified Parties under Section 8.01 and Section 8.02 
hereof, each of the Borrower, the Servicer and the Originator agrees to pay (i) with respect to the Borrower, on the Payment Date pertaining
to the Remittance Period in which such cost is incurred and (ii) with respect to the Servicer and the Originator, on demand to the extent
not paid by the Borrower on the Payment Date pertaining to the Remittance Period in which such cost is incurred, in each case, all costs
and expenses of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Collateral Agent, the Account Bank and the Collateral Custodian incurred in
connection with (x) the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, amendment or modification of, any waiver or consent issued in
connection with, this Agreement, the Transaction Documents and the other documents to be delivered hereunder or in connection herewith,
including, the fees and expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Collateral Agent, the Account Bank and the
Collateral Custodian with respect thereto and with respect to advising the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Collateral Agent, the
Account Bank and the Collateral Custodian as to their respective rights and remedies under this Agreement and the other documents to be
delivered hereunder or in connection herewith, and (y) the enforcement or potential enforcement of this Agreement or any Transaction Document
by such Person and the other documents to be delivered hereunder or in connection herewith. 

(b) 
 The Borrower shall pay, on the Payment Date pertaining to a Remittance Period, all other costs and expenses described in clause
(a) above incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian and the Account Bank during
such Remittance Period or any prior Remittance Period to the extent not previously paid. 

(c) 
 Nothing contained in this Section 12.07 shall relate to the payment of Taxes under the Transaction Documents. 

Section 12.08 Further
Assurances . Each Loan Party shall promptly upon request by the Administrative Agent, or any Lender through the Administrative
Agent, do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record, re-record, file, re-file, register and re-register any and all such further acts,
financing statements, deeds, certificates, assurances and other instruments as the Administrative Agent, or any Lender through the
Administrative Agent, may reasonably require from time to time in order to (i) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law,
subject any of any Loan Party's properties, assets, rights or interests to the Liens now or hereafter intended to be covered by any
of the security documents, (ii) perfect and maintain the validity, effectiveness and priority of any of the security documents and
any of the Liens intended to be created thereunder and (iii) assure, convey, grant, assign, transfer, preserve, protect and confirm
more effectively unto the Secured Parties the rights granted or now or hereafter intended to be granted to the Secured Parties under
any Transaction Document or under any other instrument executed in connection with any Transaction Document to which a Loan Party is
or is to be a party. 

180 

Section 12.09 
 Recourse Against Certain Parties . 

(a) 
 Notwithstanding any contrary provision set forth herein, no claim may be made by any Loan Party, the Originator or the Servicer
or any other Person against the Administrative Agent or any Secured Party or their respective Affiliates, directors, officers, employees,
attorneys or agents for any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages in respect to any claim for breach of contract or any
other theory of liability arising out of or related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or any act, omission or event
occurring in connection therewith; and each Loan Party, the Originator and the Servicer each hereby waives, releases, and agrees not to
sue upon any claim for any such damages, whether or not accrued and whether or not known or suspected. 

(b) 
 No obligation or liability to any Obligor under any of the Loan Assets is intended to be assumed by the Administrative Agent, the
Lenders or any Secured Party under or as a result of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(c) 
 The provisions of this Section 12.09 shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 

Section 12.10 
 Execution in Counterparts; Severability; Integration . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by
different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which when
taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement
by email in portable document format (.pdf) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. In the
event that any provision in or obligation under this Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the validity,
legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions or obligations, or of such provision or obligation in any other jurisdiction,
shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. This Agreement and any agreements or letters (including fee letters) executed in
connection herewith contains the final and complete integration of all prior and contemporaneous expressions by the parties hereto with
respect to the subject matter hereof and shall constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter
hereof, superseding all prior and contemporaneous oral or written understandings other than any fee letter delivered by the Servicer to
the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. The express terms hereof control and supersede any course of performance and/or usage of the
trade inconsistent with any of the terms hereof. Moreover, the parties to this Agreement waive reliance on any representation made by
any other party, whether orally or in writing, prior to the execution of this Agreement. 

181 

Section 12.11 
 Characterization of Conveyances Pursuant to each Purchase and Sale Agreement . 

(a) 
 It is the express intent of the parties hereto that the conveyance of the Eligible Loan Assets by the Originator to the Borrower
and the Borrower to a Securitization Subsidiary, as applicable, as contemplated by the applicable Purchase and Sale Agreement be, and
be treated for all purposes as, a sale by the Originator or the Borrower, as applicable, of such Eligible Loan Assets. It is, further,
not the intention of the parties that such conveyance be deemed a pledge of the Eligible Loan Assets by the Originator or Borrower, as
applicable, to the Borrower or a Securitization Subsidiary, as applicable, to secure a debt or other obligation of the Originator or the
Borrower, as applicable. However, in the event that, notwithstanding the intent of the parties, the Eligible Loan Assets are held to continue
to be property of the Originator or the Borrower, as applicable, then the parties hereto agree that: (i) the applicable Purchase and Sale
Agreement shall also be deemed to be a security agreement under Applicable Law; (ii) as set forth in such Purchase and Sale Agreement,
the transfer of the Eligible Loan Assets provided for in such Purchase and Sale Agreement shall be deemed to be a grant by the Originator
or the Borrower, as applicable, to the Borrower or the applicable Securitization Subsidiary of a first priority security interest (subject
only to Permitted Liens) in all of the Originator's or Borrower s, as applicable, right, title and interest in and to the Eligible
Loan Assets and all amounts payable to the holders of the Eligible Loan Assets in accordance with the terms thereof and all proceeds of
the conversion, voluntary or involuntary, of the foregoing into cash, instruments, securities or other property, including, all amounts
from time to time held or invested in the Controlled Accounts, whether in the form of cash, instruments, securities or other property;
(iii) the possession by a Loan Party (or the Collateral Custodian on its behalf) of Loan Assets and such other items of property as constitute
instruments, money, negotiable documents or chattel paper shall be, subject to clause (iv) below, for purposes of perfecting the
security interest pursuant to the UCC; and (iv) acknowledgements from Persons holding such property shall be deemed acknowledgements from
custodians, bailees or agents (as applicable) of the applicable Loan Party for the purpose of perfecting such security interest under
Applicable Law. The parties further agree that any assignment of the interest of a Loan Party pursuant to any provision hereof shall also
be deemed to be an assignment of any security interest created pursuant to the terms of the applicable Purchase and Sale Agreement. Each
Loan Party shall, to the extent consistent with this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, take such actions as may be necessary
to ensure that, if a Purchase and Sale Agreement was deemed to create a security interest in the Eligible Loan Assets, such security interest
would be deemed to be a perfected security interest of first priority (subject only to Permitted Liens) under Applicable Law and will
be maintained as such throughout the term of this Agreement. 

(b) 
 It is the intention of each of the parties hereto that the Eligible Loan Assets conveyed by the Originator to the Borrower or the
Borrower to a Securitization Subsidiary, as applicable, pursuant to a Purchase and Sale Agreement shall constitute assets owned by the
Borrower or such Securitization Subsidiary, as applicable, and shall not be part of the Originator's or Borrower s, as applicable,
estate in the event of the filing of a bankruptcy petition by or against the Originator or Borrower, as applicable, under any bankruptcy
or similar law. 

(c) Each
Loan Party agrees to treat, and shall cause the Originator and the Borrower, as applicable, to treat, for all purposes, the
transactions effected by the Purchase and Sale Agreements as sales of assets to the Borrower or a Securitization Subsidiary, as
applicable. Each Loan Party and the Servicer each hereby agree to cause the Originator to reflect in the Originator's financial
records and to include a note in the publicly filed annual and quarterly financial statements of the Originator indicating that
assets sold to a Loan Party under a Purchase and Sale Agreement are owned by such Loan Party that is consolidated in the
Originator's financial statements, the creditors of such Loan Party have received security interests in such assets and such assets
are not intended to be available to the creditors of the Originator (or any other affiliate of the Originator). 

182 

Section 12.12 
 Confidentiality . 

(a) 
 Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Servicer, the Collateral Agent, each Loan Party, the Account Bank, the Originator
and the Collateral Custodian shall maintain and shall cause each of its employees and officers to maintain the confidentiality of the
Agreement (and the terms thereof) and all information with respect to the other parties, including all information regarding the Loan
Assets, the related Obligors, each Loan Party and the Originator (including any Affiliated thereof) and their respective businesses obtained
by it or them in connection with the structuring, negotiating and execution of the transactions contemplated herein, except that each
such party and its officers and employees may (i) disclose such information to its external accountants, investigators, auditors, attorneys
or other agents, including any valuation firm engaged by such party in connection with any due diligence or comparable activities with
respect to the transactions and Loan Assets contemplated herein and the agents of such Persons Excepted
Persons provided that each Excepted Person shall, as a condition to any such disclosure, agree for the benefit
of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Servicer, the Collateral Agent, each Loan Party, the Account Bank, the Originator and the
Collateral Custodian (A) to maintain the confidentiality of the Agreement (and the terms thereof) and all information with respect to
the other parties, including all information regarding the Loan Assets and each Loan Party and the Servicer hereto and their respective
businesses obtained by it or them in connection with the structuring, negotiating and execution of the transactions contemplated herein,
and (B) that such information shall be used solely in connection with such Excepted Person's evaluation of, or relationship with, each
Loan Party and its affiliates, (ii) disclose the existence of the Agreement, but not the terms thereof, (iii) disclose such information
as is required by Applicable Law (including disclosures which such party determines are required or advisable under applicable federal
securities or banking laws, rules or regulations) and (iv) disclose the Agreement and such information in any suit, action, proceeding
or investigation (whether in law or in equity or pursuant to arbitration) involving any of the Transaction Documents for the purpose
of defending itself, reducing its liability, or protecting or exercising any of its claims, rights, remedies, or interests under or in
connection with any of the Transaction Documents. It is understood that the financial terms that may not be disclosed except in compliance
with this Section 12.12(a) include, all fees and other pricing terms, and all Events of Default, Servicer Defaults, and priority
of payment provisions. 

(b) Anything
herein to the contrary notwithstanding, each Loan Party and the Servicer each hereby consents to the disclosure of any nonpublic
information with respect to it (i) to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Account Bank, the Collateral Agent or the
Collateral Custodian by each other, or (ii) by the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Account Bank, the Collateral Agent and the
Collateral Custodian to any prospective or actual assignee or participant of any of them provided such Person agrees to hold such
information confidential, and to any officers, directors, employees, outside accountants and attorneys of any of the foregoing,
provided each such Person is informed of the confidential nature of such information. In addition, the Lenders, the Administrative
Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Account Bank and the Collateral Custodian may disclose any such nonpublic information as required
pursuant to any law, rule, regulation, direction, request or order of any judicial, administrative or regulatory authority or
proceedings (whether or not having the force or effect of law). 

183 

(c) 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the foregoing shall not be construed to prohibit (i) disclosure of any and all
information that is or becomes publicly known (after such information becomes publicly known); (ii) disclosure of any and all information
(A) if required to do so by any applicable statute, law, rule or regulation, (B) following a request from any government agency or regulatory
body having or claiming authority to regulate or oversee any aspects of the Lenders', the Administrative Agent's, the Collateral Agent's,
the Account Bank's or the Collateral Custodian's business or that of their affiliates; provided that to the extent reasonably practicable
and permitted by Applicable Law, such Person shall use reasonable efforts to inform the Borrower and Golub Capital BDC, Inc. of such request,
(C) pursuant to any subpoena, civil investigative demand or similar demand or request of any court, regulatory authority, arbitrator or
arbitration to which the Administrative Agent, any Lender, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian or the Account Bank or an officer,
director, employer, shareholder or affiliate of any of the foregoing is a party; provided that to the extent reasonably practicable
and permitted by Applicable Law, such Person shall use reasonable efforts to inform the Borrower and Golub Capital BDC, Inc. of such request,
(D) in any preliminary or final offering circular, registration statement or contract or other document approved in advance by the Borrower,
the Servicer or the Originator or (E) to any affiliate, independent or internal auditor, agent, employee or attorney of the Administrative
Agent, the Lenders, the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Custodian having a need to know the same, provided that the disclosing
party advises such recipient of the confidential nature of the information being disclosed; or (iii) any other disclosure authorized by
the Borrower, Servicer (so long as the Servicer is Golub Capital BDC, Inc. or an Affiliate thereof) or the Originator. 

Section 12.13 
 Waiver of Set Off . Each of the parties hereto hereby waives any right of setoff it may have or to which it may be entitled
under this Agreement from time to time against the Administrative Agent, the Lenders or their respective assets. 

Section 12.14 
 Headings and Exhibits . The headings herein are for purposes of references only and shall not otherwise affect the meaning
or interpretation of any provision hereof. The schedules and exhibits attached hereto and referred to herein shall constitute a part of
this Agreement and are incorporated into this Agreement for all purposes. 

Section 12.15 Ratable
Payments . If any Lender, whether by setoff or otherwise, shall obtain any payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the
exercise of any right of setoff, or otherwise) on account of Advances owing to it (other than pursuant to Breakage Fees, Section
2.10 or Section 2.11 in excess of its ratable share of payments on account of the Advances obtained by all the Lenders,
such Lender shall forthwith purchase from the other Lenders such participations in the Advances owing to them as shall be necessary
to cause such purchasing Lender to share the excess payment ratably with each of them; provided that, if all or any portion
of such excess payment is thereafter recovered from such purchasing Lender, such purchase from each Lender shall be rescinded and
such Lender shall repay to the purchasing Lender the purchase price to the extent of such recovery together with an amount equal to
such Lender's ratable share (according to the proportion of (a) the amount of such Lender's required repayment to (b) the total
amount so recovered from the purchasing Lender) of any interest or other amount paid or payable by the purchasing Lender in respect
of the total amount so recovered. 

184 

Section 12.16 
 Failure of any Loan Party or Servicer to Perform Certain Obligations . If any Loan Party or the Servicer, as applicable,
fails to perform any of its agreements or obligations under Section 5.01(u) , Section 5.02(p) or Section 5.03(e) ,
the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be required to) itself perform, or cause performance of, such agreement or obligation, and
the expenses of the Administrative Agent incurred in connection therewith shall be payable by the Borrower upon the Administrative Agent's
demand therefor. 

Section 12.17 
 Power of Attorney . Each Loan Party irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent and appoints the Administrative Agent
as its attorney-in-fact to act on behalf of such Loan Party (a) to file financing statements necessary or desirable in the Administrative
Agent's sole discretion to perfect and to maintain the perfection and priority of the interest of the Secured Parties in the Collateral
and (b) to file a carbon, photographic or other reproduction of this Agreement or any financing statement with respect to the Collateral
as a financing statement in such offices as the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion deems necessary or desirable to perfect and
to maintain the perfection and priority of the interests of the Secured Parties in the Collateral. This appointment is coupled with an
interest and is irrevocable. 

Section 12.18 
 Delivery of Termination Statements, Releases, etc. Upon payment in full of all of the Obligations (other than unmatured
contingent obligations for which no claim has been made) and the termination of this Agreement, the Collateral Agent shall deliver to
the Borrower termination statements, reconveyances, releases and other documents the Borrower deems reasonably necessary or appropriate
to evidence the termination of the Grant and other Liens securing the Obligations, all at the expense of the Borrower. 

Section 12.19 
 Non-Petition . 

(a) Each
of the parties hereto (other than the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) hereby agrees for the benefit of the Borrower, the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders that it will not institute against, or join any other Person in instituting against, any Loan Party any Bankruptcy
Proceeding so long as there shall not have elapsed one (1) year, or if longer, the applicable preference period then in effect, and one
(1) day since the Collection Date. The applicable Loan Party shall file a timely objection to, and promptly and timely move to dismiss
and diligently prosecute such objection and/or motion to dismiss, any Bankruptcy Proceeding commenced by any Person in violation of this
 Section 12.19(a) . Each Loan Party hereby expressly consents to, and agrees not to raise any objection in respect of, each of the
Administrative Agent and the Lenders having creditor derivative standing in any Bankruptcy Proceeding to enforce each and every covenant
contained in this Section 12.19(a) . 

(b) Each
Loan Party, the Servicer and the Originator further agrees that (i) a breach of any of their respective covenants contained in Section
12.19(a) will cause irreparable injury to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, (ii) the Administrative Agent and the
Lenders have no adequate remedy at law in respect of such breach, and (iii) each and every covenant contained in Section
12.19(a) shall be specifically enforceable against each Loan Party, the Servicer and the Originator, and each Loan Party, the
Servicer and the Originator hereby waives and agrees not to object, or assert any defenses to an action for specific performance, or
injunction in respect of any breach of such covenants. 

185 

(c) Each
Loan Party hereby irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent its true and lawful attorney (with full power of substitution) in its
name, place and stead and at its expense, in connection with the enforcement of the covenants provided for in this Section 12.19 ,
including without limitation the following powers: (i) to object to and seek to dismiss any Bankruptcy Proceeding relating to a Bankruptcy
Event described in clause (i) of the definition thereof, and (ii) all powers and rights incidental thereto. This appointment is coupled
with an interest and is irrevocable. 

(d) The
provisions of this Section 12.19 shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 

[Signature pages to follow.] 

186 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 

BORROWER : 

GOLUB CAPITAL BDC FUNDING II LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[SIGNATURES CONTINUE ON THE FOLLOWING PAGE] 

[Signature Page to Loan and Servicing Agreement] 

ORIGINATOR AND SERVICER : 

GOLUB CAPITAL BDC, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[SIGNATURES CONTINUE ON THE FOLLOWING PAGE] 

[Signature Page to Loan and Servicing Agreement] 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT : 

MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[SIGNATURES CONTINUE ON THE FOLLOWING PAGE] 

[Signature Page to Loan and Servicing Agreement] 

LENDER : 

MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[SIGNATURES CONTINUE ON THE FOLLOWING PAGE] 

[Signature Page to Loan and Servicing Agreement] 

COLLATERAL AGENT : 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[SIGNATURES CONTINUE ON THE FOLLOWING PAGE] 

[Signature Page to Loan and Servicing Agreement] 

ACCOUNT BANK : 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[SIGNATURES CONTINUE ON THE FOLLOWING PAGE] 

[Signature Page to Loan and Servicing Agreement] 

COLLATERAL CUSTODIAN : 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Loan and Servicing Agreement] 

SCHEDULE I 

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT DOCUMENTS 

As required by Section
3.01 of this Agreement, each of the following items must be delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders prior to the effectiveness
of the Agreement: 

(a) 
 A copy of this Agreement duly executed by each of the parties hereto; 

(b) 
 A certificate of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of each of the Borrower, each then-existing Securitization Subsidiary, the
Servicer and the Originator, dated as of the Closing Date, certifying (i) the names and true signatures of the incumbent officers of such
Person authorized to sign on behalf of such Person the Transaction Documents to which it is a party (on which certificate the Administrative
Agent, the Lenders and the Lenders may conclusively rely until such time as the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall receive from
the Borrower, and the Servicer or the Originator, as applicable, a revised certificate meeting the requirements of this paragraph (b)(i) ),
(ii) that the copy of the certificate of formation, certificate of incorporation, articles of incorporation or articles of organization,
as applicable, of such Person attached to such certificate is a complete and correct copy and that such certificate of formation has not
been amended, modified or supplemented and is in full force and effect, (iii) that the copy of the bylaws, limited liability company agreement
or limited partnership agreement, as applicable, of such Person attached to such certificate is a complete and correct copy, and that
such bylaws, limited liability company agreement or limited partnership agreement, as applicable, has not been amended, modified or supplemented
and are in full force and effect, and (iv) that the copy of the resolutions of the board of directors or managers of such Person attached
to such certificate, approving and authorizing the execution, delivery and performance by such Person of the Transaction Documents to
which it is a party, is a complete and correct copy and such resolutions have not been amended, modified or supplemented and are in full
force and effect; 

(c) 
 A good standing certificate, dated as of a recent date for each of the Borrower, each then-existing Securitization Subsidiary,
the Servicer and the Originator, issued by the Secretary of State of such Person's State of formation, incorporation or organization,
as applicable; 

(d) 
 Financing statements (the Facility Financing Statements describing the Collateral, and (i) naming the Borrower
or each then-existing Securitization Subsidiary, as applicable, as debtor and the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties,
as secured party, (ii) naming the Originator as debtor, the Borrower as assignor and the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties,
as secured party/total assignee and (iii) other, similar instruments or documents, as may be necessary or, in the opinion of the Administrative
Agent, desirable under the UCC of all appropriate jurisdictions or any comparable law to perfect each Loan Party's interest and the Collateral
Agent's, on behalf of the Secured Parties, interests, respectively, in all Collateral; 

Sch. I- 1 

(e) 
 Financing statements, if any, necessary to release all security interests and other rights of any Person in the Collateral previously
granted by the Originator; 

(f) Copies
of tax and judgment lien searches in all jurisdictions reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent and requests for information
(or a similar UCC search report certified by a party acceptable to the Administrative Agent), dated a date reasonably near to the
Closing Date, and with respect to such requests for information or UCC searches, listing all effective financing statements which
name the Borrower and any then-existing Securitization Subsidiary (under its present name and any previous name) and the Originator
(under its present name and any previous name) as debtor(s) and which are filed in the jurisdiction of Delaware, as applicable,
together with copies of such financing statements (none of which shall cover any Collateral); 

(g) 
 One or more favorable Opinions of Counsel of counsel to the Borrower, each then-existing Securitization Subsidiary, the Servicer
and the Originator acceptable to the Administrative Agent and addressed to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Collateral Agent,
with respect to such matters as the Administrative Agent may request (including an opinion, with respect to the first priority perfected
security interest of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in the Collateral and the membership interests of each
then-existing Securitization Subsidiary under the UCC laws of the State of New York, the due authorization, execution and delivery of,
and enforceability of, the Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, true sale and non-consolidation matters, and other matters); 

(h) 
 Duly completed copies of IRS Form W-9 (or any successor forms or other certificates or statements that may be required from time
to time by the relevant United States taxing authorities or Applicable Law) for the Borrower and each then-existing Subsidiary; and 

(i) 
 A copy of each of the other Transaction Documents duly executed by the parties thereto. 

Sch. I- 2 

SCHEDULE II 

ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA 

The representations and warranties
set forth in this Schedule II are made by each Loan Party and the Servicer under this Agreement and the Originator under the Originator
Purchase and Sale Agreement, with respect to all Loan Assets which are designated as being Eligible Loan Assets on any Borrowing Base
Certificate or are otherwise represented to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders as being Eligible Loan Assets, or are included as
Eligible Loan Assets in any calculation set forth in this Agreement to which this Schedule II is attached; provided 
that, if any asset does not satisfy any criterion below, the Administrative Agent may expressly consent in its sole discretion to the
treatment of such asset as an Eligible Loan Asset; provided , further ,
that the Administrative Agent will only be considered to have consented to such inclusion if the applicable Loan Party and the Servicer
have expressly acknowledged that the applicable criterion is not satisfied with respect to such Loan and each such applicable criterion
is accurately identified on Schedule 1 of the related Approval Notice; provided , further , that, if an asset does not satisfy
the representations and warranties below and the applicable Loan Party or the Servicer requests in writing that the Administrative Agent
consent to the acquisition of such asset, such Loan Party may acquire such asset (a Non-Levered Loan Asset on the
conditions that: (a) such asset will be acquired by the applicable Loan Party by contribution from the Originator or its Affiliates or
by using the proceeds of equity contributions made by the Originator or amounts available for distribution pursuant to Section 2.04(a)(ix) ,
 Section 2.04(b)(vi) or Section 2.04(c)(ix) , (b) the applicable Loan Party (or the Servicer on its behalf) shall have provided
such information to the Administrative Agent regarding such asset as may be requested by the Administrative Agent and (c) the Administrative
Agent has approved such acquisition in writing or not objected in writing within seven (7) Business Days of receipt of the Administrative
Agent of such information described in clause (b) above. 

1. 
 As of the related Cut-Off Date, each such Loan Asset has been approved in writing by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. 

2. 
 As of the related Cut-Off Date, each such Loan Asset is a First Lien Loan, Second Lien Loan, Unitranche Loan or FLLO Loan, evidenced
by a note or a credit document and an assignment document, as applicable, in the form specified in the applicable credit agreement or,
if no such specification, on a form acceptable to the agent in respect of such Loan Asset. Each such Loan Asset and the Related Asset
is subject to a valid, subsisting and enforceable first priority perfected security interest (subject only to Permitted Liens) in favor
of the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, and the applicable Loan Party has good and marketable title to, and is the
sole owner of, such Loan Asset and the Related Asset, free and clear of all Liens other than any Permitted Liens. 

3. The
Obligor with respect to each such Loan Asset is organized under the laws of (i) the United States or any state thereof, (ii) Canada
or any territory thereof or (iii) any of Antilles, Australia, Belgium, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands,
Cyprus, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Guernsey, Ireland, Jersey, the Isle of Man, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Antilles, Russia,
Serbia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom or any other country that has a Moody's foreign currency rating of at
least Aa3 and an S P foreign issuer credit rating of at least AA- (or, in each case, any territory
thereof) or (iv), another jurisdiction consented to by the Administrative Agent (any such country, an Eligible
Country ). 

Sch. II- 1 

4. 
 Each such Loan Asset is denominated and payable only in an Eligible Currency and does not permit the currency (unless such permitted
currency is another Eligible Currency) or country in which such Loan Asset is payable to be changed. 

5. 
 As of the Cut-Off Date, no such Loan Asset is Margin Stock. 

6. 
 The acquisition of such Loan Asset does not cause the applicable Loan Party or the assets constituting the Collateral to be required
to be registered as an investment company under the 1940 Act. 

7. 
 As of the Cut-Off Date, each such Loan Asset is not a DIP Loan. 

8. 
 No such Loan Asset is principally secured by interests in real property. 

9. 
 Each such Loan Asset constitutes a legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligation of the Obligor thereunder and each guarantor
thereof, enforceable against each such Person in accordance with its terms, subject to usual and customary bankruptcy, insolvency and
equity limitations, and there are no conditions precedent to the enforceability or validity of the Loan Asset that have not been satisfied
or validly waived. 

10. 
 [Reserved]. 

11. 
 As of the related Cut-Off Date, such Loan Asset is not a Defaulted Loan. 

12. 
 Neither the Originator nor the Servicer are Affiliates of the Obligor with respect to such Loan Asset. 

13. 
 The acquisition of any such Loan Asset by the applicable Loan Party and the Grant thereof would not (a) violate any Applicable
Law or (b) as of the Cut-Off Date, cause the Administrative Agent or the Lenders to fail to comply with any request or directive (whether
or not having the force of law) from any banking or other Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or
the Lenders. 

14. 
 Pursuant to the Underlying Instruments with respect to such Loan Asset, (a) either (i) such Loan Asset is freely assignable to
the applicable Loan Party and able to be Granted to the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, without the consent of the
Obligor or (ii) all consents necessary for assignment of such Loan Asset to the applicable Loan Party and Grant to the Collateral Agent
for the benefit of the Secured Parties have been obtained and (b) the Underlying Instruments requires only usually and customary consents
and provides that any consents necessary for future assignments (other than customary restrictions against assignments to persons that
are disqualified lenders) shall not be unreasonably withheld by the applicable Obligor and/or agent, and the rights to enforce rights
and remedies in respect of the same under the applicable Underlying Instruments inure to the benefit of the holder of such Loan Asset
(subject to the rights of any applicable agent or other lenders). 

Sch. II- 2 

15. 
 The funding obligations for each such Loan Asset and the Underlying Instruments under which such Loan Asset was created have been
fully satisfied and all sums available thereunder (other than customary protective advances permitted to be made thereunder which represent
a de-minimus amount relative to the outstanding balance of such Loan as determined by the Servicer in its commercially reasonable judgment)
have been fully advanced, or if such Loan Asset is a Delayed Draw Loan Asset, either (i) the applicable Loan Party shall have or have
caused to be, at the time of the sale of such Loan Asset to such Loan Party, deposited into the Unfunded Exposure Account an amount in
Dollars equal to the Unfunded Exposure Equity Amount or (ii) the Unfunded Exposure Equity Amount with respect to such Loan Asset shall
not create a Borrowing Base Deficiency. 

16. 
 As of the related Cut-Off Date, no such Loan Asset is the subject of any assertions in respect of, any litigation, right of rescission,
set-off, counterclaim or defense, including the defense of usury, by the related Obligor, nor will the operation of any of the terms of
the Underlying Instruments, or the exercise of any right thereunder, render the Underlying Instruments unenforceable in whole or in part,
or subject to any right of rescission, set-off, counterclaim or defense, including the defense of usury, and no such right of rescission,
set-off, counterclaim or defense has been asserted with respect thereto, and the Underlying Instruments with respect to the Loan Asset
provide for an affirmative waiver by the related Obligor of all rights of rescission, set-off and counterclaim against the Originator
and its assignees. 

17. 
 With respect to each such Loan Asset acquired by the Borrower from the Originator under the Originator Purchase and Sale Agreement,
by the Cut-Off Date on which such Loan Asset is Granted under this Agreement and on each day thereafter, the Originator will have caused
its master computer records relating to such Loan Asset to be clearly and unambiguously marked to show that such Loan Asset has been sold
or contributed to the Borrower. 

18. 
 No such Loan Asset has been repaid, prepaid, satisfied or rescinded, in each case, in full. 

19. 
 No such Loan Asset has been sold, transferred, assigned or pledged by a Loan Party to any Person other than the Collateral Agent
for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 

20. 
 Such Loan Asset is not subject to United States or foreign withholding tax unless the Obligor thereon is required under the terms
of the related Underlying Instruments to make gross-up payments that cover the full amount of such withholding tax on an after-tax
basis in the event of a Change in Law. The transfer, assignment and conveyance of such Loan Asset (and the Related Asset) from the Originator
to the Borrower or the Borrower to a Securitization Subsidiary pursuant to a Purchase and Sale Agreement, is not subject to and will not
result in any fee or governmental charge (other than income taxes) payable by a Loan Party or any other Person to any federal, state or
local government. 

Sch. II- 3 

21. 
 To the knowledge of the applicable Loan Party and the Servicer, as of the Cut-Off Date, the Obligor with respect to such Loan Asset
(and any guarantor of such Obligor's obligations thereunder), had full legal capacity to execute and deliver the Underlying Instruments
which creates such Loan Asset and any other documents related thereto. 

22. 
 As of the Cut-Off Date, the Obligor of each such Loan Asset is not a Governmental Authority. 

23. 
 Each such Loan Asset (a) was originated and/or funded by the Originator or its Affiliates (including the Borrower) or acquired
by the applicable Loan Party, the Originator or their respective Affiliates in the ordinary course of such Person s business and,
to the extent required by Applicable Law, the Originator has all necessary consents, licenses, approvals, authorizations and permits to
originate or acquire such Loan Asset in the State where the Obligor was located (to the extent required by Applicable Law), and (b) other
than with respect to a Loan Asset originated and / or funded or acquired directly by a Loan Party, was sold or contributed to the Borrower
or was sold or contributed by the Borrower to a Securitization Subsidiary, as applicable, under the applicable Purchase and Sale Agreement
and the assignment and acceptance agreement under such Loan Asset, acquired from another special purpose vehicle Affiliate of the Originator
or acquired directly by the applicable Loan Party from a third party in a transaction underwritten by the Originator or any transaction
in which such Loan Party is the designee of the Originator under the instruments of conveyance relating to the applicable Loan Asset and,
to the extent required by Applicable Law, such Loan Party has all necessary consents, licenses, approvals, authorizations and permits
to purchase and own such Loan Assets and enter into Underlying Instruments pursuant to which such Loan Asset was created, in the State
where the Obligor is located (to the extent required by Applicable Law). 

24. 
 There are no proceedings pending or, to the applicable Loan Party's knowledge, threatened (a) asserting insolvency of the Obligor
of such Loan Asset, or (b) wherein the Obligor of such Loan Asset, any other obligated party or any Governmental Authority has alleged
that such Loan Asset or the Underlying Instruments which creates such Loan Asset is illegal or unenforceable. 

25. 
 Each such Loan Asset requires the related Obligor to pay all material maintenance, repair, insurance and taxes, together with all
other material ancillary costs and expenses, with respect to the Related Collateral. 

26. 
 To the knowledge of the applicable Loan Party and the Servicer, the Related Collateral to each such Loan Asset has not, and will
not, be used by the related Obligor in any manner or for any purpose which would result in any material risk of liability being imposed
upon the Originator, any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders under any federal, state, local or foreign laws, common laws,
statutes, codes, ordinances, rules, regulations, permits, judgments, agreements or order related to or addressing the environment, health
or safety. 

27. 
 With respect to First Lien Loans and Unitranche Loans, such Loan Asset has an original term to maturity of not greater than seven
(7) years. With respect to Second Lien Loans, such Loan Asset has an original term to maturity of not greater than eight (8) years. 

Sch. II- 4 

28. 
 Each such Loan Asset does not contain confidentiality restrictions that would prohibit the Administrative Agent or the Lenders
from accessing all necessary information (as required to be provided pursuant to the Transaction Documents) with regards to such Loan
Asset. 

29. 
 Each such Loan Asset (a) was originated and underwritten, or purchased and re-underwritten, by the Originator or the Servicer,
or an Affiliate of the foregoing (including the Borrower), as applicable, including, without limitation, the completion of a due diligence
and, if applicable, a collateral assessment and (b) is being serviced by the Servicer in accordance with the Servicing Standard. 

30. 
 Each such Loan Asset is not an extension of credit by the Originator to the Obligor for the purpose of (a) making any past due
principal, interest or other payments due on such Loan Asset, (b) preventing such Loan Asset or any other loan to the related Obligor
from becoming past due or (c) preventing such Loan Asset from becoming defaulted. 

31. 
 To the knowledge of the applicable Loan Party and the Servicer, the Obligor with respect to such Loan Asset, on the applicable
date of determination, (a) is a business organization (and not a natural person) duly organized and validly existing under the laws of
its jurisdiction of organization; (b) is a legal operating entity or holding company; (c) has not entered into the Loan Asset primarily
for personal, family or household purposes; and (d) as of the related Cut-Off Date, is not the subject of a Bankruptcy Event, and, as
of the related Cut-Off Date, such Obligor is not in financial distress and has not experienced a material adverse change in its condition,
financial or otherwise, in each case, as determined by the Servicer in accordance with the Servicing Standard unless approved in writing
by the Administrative Agent. 

32. 
 Each such Loan Asset is not an Equity Security and does not provide for the conversion into an Equity Security. 

33. 
 As of the Cut-Off Date, no selection procedure adverse to the interests of the Secured Parties was utilized by a Loan Party or
the Servicer in the selection of such Loan Asset for inclusion in the Collateral. 

34. 
 Each such Loan Asset is not a participation interest. 

35. 
 No such Loan Asset is a high-yield bond, a Bridge Loan, a Zero-Coupon Obligation, a Revolving Loan, an unsecured loan, a commercial
real estate loan, a letter of credit or in support of a letter of credit, a lease, a Synthetic Security, an interest in a grantor trust,
a step-down obligation or a Structured Finance Obligation. 

36. 
 As of the related Cut-Off Date, no such Loan Asset is subject to substantial non-credit related risk, as reasonably determined
by the Servicer in accordance with the Servicing Standard. 

37. 
 Each such Loan Asset is Registered. 

Sch. II- 5 

38. 
 As of the related Cut-Off Date, no such Loan Asset is the subject of an offer, exchange or tender by the related Obligor. 

Sch. II- 6 

SCHEDULE III 

AGREED-UPON PROCEDURES FOR 
INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS 

[to be provided] 

Sch. III- 1 

SCHEDULE IV 

LOAN ASSET SCHEDULE 

For each Loan Asset, the applicable Loan Party
shall provide, as applicable, the following information: 

(a) Loan Asset Number 

(b) Obligor Information 

(c) The currency denomination of such Loan Asset 

(d) Loan Asset Type (Broadly Syndicated Loan, First Lien Loan, Second Lien Loan, FLLO Loan, Unitranche Loan,
Recurring Revenue Loan) 

(e) Whether such Loan Asset is a term loan or a Delayed Draw Loan Asset 

(f) Whether such Loan Asset is a Cov-Lite Loan Asset 

(g) Whether the rate of interest is floating or fixed 

(h) Rate of interest (and reference rate) 

(i) LIBOR floor (if applicable) 

(j) PIK Percentage 

(k) Industry Classification 

(l) S P's Facility Rating and Corporate Family Rating of such Loan Asset 

(m) The Servicer's internal rating (1-5 or whichever is the Servicer's current rating system) of the Loan
Asset as of the applicable Cut-Off Date and as of the date of such Loan Asset Schedule 

(n) Outstanding Balance 

(o) Any Unfunded Exposure Amount (if applicable) 

(p) Par Amount 

(q) Tranche size 

(r) Scheduled maturity date 

(s) The Cut-Off Date for such Loan Asset 

Sch. IV- 1 

(t) Date of the last delivered Obligor financials 

(u) Total first lien senior secured Indebtedness and total Indebtedness as of the applicable Cut-Off Date
and the most recent period for such Loan Asset 

(v) Calculation of the Senior Leverage Ratio as of the applicable Cut-Off Date and the most recent period 

(w) Calculation of the Total Leverage Ratio as of the applicable Cut-Off Date and the most recent period 

(x) Calculation of the Cash Interest Coverage Ratio as of the applicable Cut-Off Date and the most recent
period 

(y) Trailing twelve month EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA as of the applicable Cut-Off Date and the most recent
period 

(z) Whether such Loan Asset has been subject to a Value Adjustment Event (and of what type) 

(aa) Whether such Loan Asset has been subject to a Material Modification 

(bb) Purchase Price 

(cc) Assigned Value as of the applicable Cut-Off Date for such Loan Asset and as of the date of such Loan Asset
Schedule 

(dd) Advance Rate 

(ee) Adjusted Borrowing Value 

(ff) Debt-to-Recurring-Revenue Ratio for Recurring Revenue Loans 

(gg) Recurring Revenue for Recurring Revenue Loans 

Sch. IV- 2 

SCHEDULE V 

INDUSTRY CLASSIFICATION 

1020000 
 Energy Equipment Services 
 
 1030000 
 Oil, Gas Consumable Fuels 
 
 1033403 
 Mortgage Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) 
 
 2020000 
 Chemicals 
 
 2030000 
 Construction Materials 
 
 2040000 
 Containers Packaging 
 
 2050000 
 Metals Mining 
 
 2060000 
 Paper Forest Products 
 
 3020000 
 Aerospace Defense 
 
 3030000 
 Building Products 
 
 3040000 
 Construction Engineering 
 
 3050000 
 Electrical Equipment 
 
 3060000 
 Industrial Conglomerates 
 
 3070000 
 Machinery 
 
 3080000 
 Trading Companies Distributors 
 
 3110000 
 Commercial Services Supplies 
 
 3210000 
 Air Freight Logistics 
 
 3220000 
 Airlines 
 
 3230000 
 Marine 
 
 3240000 
 Road Rail 
 
 3250000 
 Transportation Infrastructure 
 
 4011000 
 Auto Components 
 
 4020000 
 Automobiles 
 
 4110000 
 Household Durables 
 
 4120000 
 Leisure Products 
 
 4130000 
 Textiles, Apparel Luxury Goods 
 
 4210000 
 Hotels, Restaurants Leisure 
 
 4310000 
 Media 
 
 43100001 
 Entertainment 
 
 43100002 
 Interactive Media and Services 
 
 4410000 
 Distributors 
 
 4420000 
 Internet and Catalog Retail 
 
 4430000 
 Multiline Retail 
 
 4440000 
 Specialty Retail 
 
 5020000 
 Food Staples Retailing 
 
 5110000 
 Beverages 
 
 5120000 
 Food Products 
 
 5130000 
 Tobacco 

Sch. V- 1 

5210000 
 Household Products 
 
 5220000 
 Personal Products 
 
 6020000 
 Healthcare Equipment Supplies 
 
 6030000 
 Healthcare Providers Services 
 
 6110000 
 Biotechnology 
 
 6120000 
 Pharmaceuticals 
 
 7011000 
 Banks 
 
 7020000 
 Thrifts Mortgage Finance 
 
 7110000 
 Diversified Financial Services 
 
 7120000 
 Consumer Finance 
 
 7130000 
 Capital Markets 
 
 7210000 
 Insurance 
 
 7310000 
 Real Estate Management Development 
 
 7311000 
 Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) 
 
 8020000 
 IT Services 
 
 8040000 
 Software 
 
 8110000 
 Communications Equipment 
 
 8120000 
 Technology Hardware, Storage Peripherals 
 
 8130000 
 Electronic Equipment, Instruments Components 
 
 8210000 
 Semiconductors Semiconductor Equipment 
 
 9020000 
 Diversified Telecommunication Services 
 
 9030000 
 Wireless Telecommunication Services 
 
 9520000 
 Electric Utilities 
 
 9530000 
 Gas Utilities 
 
 9540000 
 Multi-Utilities 
 
 9550000 
 Water Utilities 
 
 9551701 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 
 9551702 
 Independent Power and Renewable Electricity Producers 
 
 9551727 
 Life Sciences Tools Services 
 
 9551729 
 Healthcare Technology 
 
 9612010 
 Professional Services 

Sch. V- 2 

SCHEDULE VI 

DIVERSITY
SCORE 

Diversity Score Calculations 

Diversity Score 

Calculated as follows: 

(a) An Obligor Par Amount 
is calculated for each Obligor of a Loan Asset, and is equal to the outstanding principal amount of Loan Assets issued by such Obligor
and its Affiliates. 

(b) An Average Par Amount 
is calculated by summing the Obligor Par Amounts for all Obligors, and dividing by the aggregate number of Obligors. 

(c) An Equivalent Unit Score 
is calculated for each Obligor, and is equal to the lesser of (a) one and (b) the Obligor Par Amount for such Obligor divided by the
Average Par Amount. 

(d) An Aggregate Industry Equivalent
Unit Score is then calculated for each Industry Classification and is equal to the sum of the Equivalent Unit Scores for each
Obligor in such Industry Classification. 

(e) An Industry Diversity Score 
is then established for each Industry Classification by reference to the following table for the related Aggregate Industry Equivalent
Unit Score; provided , that if any Aggregate Industry Equivalent Unit Score falls between any two such scores, the applicable Industry
Diversity Score will be the lower of the two Industry Diversity Scores: 

Aggregate Industry Equivalent Unit Score 
 Industry Diversity Score 
 Aggregate Industry Equivalent Unit Score 
 Industry Diversity Score 
 Aggregate Industry Equivalent Unit Score 
 Industry Diversity Score 
 Aggregate 
 Industry Equivalent 
Unit Score 
 Industry Diversity Score 
 
 0.0000 
 0.0000 
 5.0500 
 2.7000 
 10.1500 
 4.0200 
 15.2500 
 4.5300 
 
 0.0500 
 0.1000 
 5.1500 
 2.7333 
 10.2500 
 4.0300 
 15.3500 
 4.5400 
 
 0.1500 
 0.2000 
 5.2500 
 2.7667 
 10.3500 
 4.0400 
 15.4500 
 4.5500 
 
 0.2500 
 0.3000 
 5.3500 
 2.8000 
 10.4500 
 4.0500 
 15.5500 
 4.5600 
 
 0.3500 
 0.4000 
 5.4500 
 2.8333 
 10.5500 
 4.0600 
 15.6500 
 4.5700 
 
 0.4500 
 0.5000 
 5.5500 
 2.8667 
 10.6500 
 4.0700 
 15.7500 
 4.5800 
 
 0.5500 
 0.6000 
 5.6500 
 2.9000 
 10.7500 
 4.0800 
 15.8500 
 4.5900 
 
 0.6500 
 0.7000 
 5.7500 
 2.9333 
 10.8500 
 4.0900 
 15.9500 
 4.6000 
 
 0.7500 
 0.8000 
 5.8500 
 2.9667 
 10.9500 
 4.1000 
 16.0500 
 4.6100 
 
 0.8500 
 0.9000 
 5.9500 
 3.0000 
 11.0500 
 4.1100 
 16.1500 
 4.6200 
 
 0.9500 
 1.0000 
 6.0500 
 3.0250 
 11.1500 
 4.1200 
 16.2500 
 4.6300 
 
 1.0500 
 1.0500 
 6.1500 
 3.0500 
 11.2500 
 4.1300 
 16.3500 
 4.6400 
 
 1.1500 
 1.1000 
 6.2500 
 3.0750 
 11.3500 
 4.1400 
 16.4500 
 4.6500 
 
 1.2500 
 1.1500 
 6.3500 
 3.1000 
 11.4500 
 4.1500 
 16.5500 
 4.6600 
 
 1.3500 
 1.2000 
 6.4500 
 3.1250 
 11.5500 
 4.1600 
 16.6500 
 4.6700 
 
 1.4500 
 1.2500 
 6.5500 
 3.1500 
 11.6500 
 4.1700 
 16.7500 
 4.6800 
 
 1.5500 
 1.3000 
 6.6500 
 3.1750 
 11.7500 
 4.1800 
 16.8500 
 4.6900 
 
 1.6500 
 1.3500 
 6.7500 
 3.2000 
 11.8500 
 4.1900 
 16.9500 
 4.7000 
 
 1.7500 
 1.4000 
 6.8500 
 3.2250 
 11.9500 
 4.2000 
 17.0500 
 4.7100 
 
 1.8500 
 1.4500 
 6.9500 
 3.2500 
 12.0500 
 4.2100 
 17.1500 
 4.7200 
 
 1.9500 
 1.5000 
 7.0500 
 3.2750 
 12.1500 
 4.2200 
 17.2500 
 4.7300 

Sch. VI- 1 

Aggregate Industry Equivalent Unit Score 
 Industry Diversity Score 
 Aggregate Industry Equivalent Unit Score 
 Industry 
 Diversity Score 
 Aggregate Industry Equivalent Unit Score 
 Industry Diversity Score 
 Aggregate 
 Industry Equivalent 
Unit Score 
 Industry Diversity Score 
 
 2.0500 
 1.5500 
 7.1500 
 3.3000 
 12.2500 
 4.2300 
 17.3500 
 4.7400 
 
 2.1500 
 1.6000 
 7.2500 
 3.3250 
 12.3500 
 4.2400 
 17.4500 
 4.7500 
 
 2.2500 
 1.6500 
 7.3500 
 3.3500 
 12.4500 
 4.2500 
 17.5500 
 4.7600 
 
 2.3500 
 1.7000 
 7.4500 
 3.3750 
 12.5500 
 4.2600 
 17.6500 
 4.7700 
 
 2.4500 
 1.7500 
 7.5500 
 3.4000 
 12.6500 
 4.2700 
 17.7500 
 4.7800 
 
 2.5500 
 1.8000 
 7.6500 
 3.4250 
 12.7500 
 4.2800 
 17.8500 
 4.7900 
 
 2.6500 
 1.8500 
 7.7500 
 3.4500 
 12.8500 
 4.2900 
 17.9500 
 4.8000 
 
 2.7500 
 1.9000 
 7.8500 
 3.4750 
 12.9500 
 4.3000 
 18.0500 
 4.8100 
 
 2.8500 
 1.9500 
 7.9500 
 3.5000 
 13.0500 
 4.3100 
 18.1500 
 4.8200 
 
 2.9500 
 2.0000 
 8.0500 
 3.5250 
 13.1500 
 4.3200 
 18.2500 
 4.8300 
 
 3.0500 
 2.0333 
 8.1500 
 3.5500 
 13.2500 
 4.3300 
 18.3500 
 4.8400 
 
 3.1500 
 2.0667 
 8.2500 
 3.5750 
 13.3500 
 4.3400 
 18.4500 
 4.8500 
 
 3.2500 
 2.1000 
 8.3500 
 3.6000 
 13.4500 
 4.3500 
 18.5500 
 4.8600 
 
 3.3500 
 2.1333 
 8.4500 
 3.6250 
 13.5500 
 4.3600 
 18.6500 
 4.8700 
 
 3.4500 
 2.1667 
 8.5500 
 3.6500 
 13.6500 
 4.3700 
 18.7500 
 4.8800 
 
 3.5500 
 2.2000 
 8.6500 
 3.6750 
 13.7500 
 4.3800 
 18.8500 
 4.8900 
 
 3.6500 
 2.2333 
 8.7500 
 3.7000 
 13.8500 
 4.3900 
 18.9500 
 4.9000 
 
 3.7500 
 2.2667 
 8.8500 
 3.7250 
 13.9500 
 4.4000 
 19.0500 
 4.9100 
 
 3.8500 
 2.3000 
 8.9500 
 3.7500 
 14.0500 
 4.4100 
 19.1500 
 4.9200 
 
 3.9500 
 2.3333 
 9.0500 
 3.7750 
 14.1500 
 4.4200 
 19.2500 
 4.9300 
 
 4.0500 
 2.3667 
 9.1500 
 3.8000 
 14.2500 
 4.4300 
 19.3500 
 4.9400 
 
 4.1500 
 2.4000 
 9.2500 
 3.8250 
 14.3500 
 4.4400 
 19.4500 
 4.9500 
 
 4.2500 
 2.4333 
 9.3500 
 3.8500 
 14.4500 
 4.4500 
 19.5500 
 4.9600 
 
 4.3500 
 2.4667 
 9.4500 
 3.8750 
 14.5500 
 4.4600 
 19.6500 
 4.9700 
 
 4.4500 
 2.5000 
 9.5500 
 3.9000 
 14.6500 
 4.4700 
 19.7500 
 4.9800 
 
 4.5500 
 2.5333 
 9.6500 
 3.9250 
 14.7500 
 4.4800 
 19.8500 
 4.9900 
 
 4.6500 
 2.5667 
 9.7500 
 3.9500 
 14.8500 
 4.4900 
 19.9500 
 5.0000 
 
 4.7500 
 2.6000 
 9.8500 
 3.9750 
 14.9500 
 4.5000 

4.8500 
 2.6333 
 9.9500 
 4.0000 
 15.0500 
 4.5100 

4.9500 
 2.6667 
 10.0500 
 4.0100 
 15.1500 
 4.5200 

(f) The Diversity Score is then calculated by
summing each of the Industry Diversity Scores for each Industry Classification. 

For purposes of calculating
the Diversity Score, Affiliates of an Obligor in the same industry are deemed to be a single Obligor, except as otherwise agreed to in
writing by the Administrative Agent. 

Sch. VI- 2 

SCHEDULE VII 

EXISTING
GOLUB BDC CLOS 

Golub Capital BDC CLO III LLC 

Sch. VII- 1 

SCHEDULE
VIII 

REFERENCE
 RATE TERMS 

SWISS
FRANCS 

CURRENCY: 
 Swiss francs. 
 
 Cost of funds as a fallback 

Cost of funds will not apply as a fallback. 

Definitions 

Baseline CAS: 
 One Month: -0.057 per cent. per annum 
 
 Break Costs: 
 None Applicable 
 
 Business Day Conventions (definition of Month and Clause 1.2(aa)): 
 
 If
 any period is expressed to accrue by reference to a Month or any number of Months then, in respect of the last Month of that period: 
 
 i. subject
 to paragraph iii below, if the numerically corresponding day is not a Business Day, that period shall end on the next Business Day
 in that calendar month in which that period is to end if there is one, or if there is not, on the immediately preceding Business
 Day; 
 
 ii. if
 there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which that period is to end, that period shall end on the last
 Business Day in that calendar month; and 
 
 iii. if
 an Remittance Period begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month, that Remittance Period shall end on the last Business Day
 in the calendar month in which that Remittance Period is to end. 

If an Remittance Period would otherwise end on a day which is not a Business Day, that Remittance Period will instead end on the next Business Day in that calendar month (if there is one) or the preceding Business Day (if there is not). 

Sch. VIII- 1 

Central Bank Rate: 
 The policy rate of the Swiss National Bank as published by the Swiss National Bank from time to time. 
 
 Central Bank Rate Spread: 
 In relation to any RFR Banking Day, the difference (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) (calculated by the Administrative Agent) between: (i) the RFR for that RFR Banking Day; and (ii) the Central Bank Rate prevailing at the close of business on that RFR Banking Day. 
 
 Daily Rate: 
 The Daily Rate for any RFR Banking Day is: 

a) 
 the RFR for that RFR Banking Day; or 

b) if the RFR is not available for that RFR Banking
 Day, the percentage rate per annum which is the aggregate of: (i) the Central Bank Rate for that RFR Banking Day; and (ii) the applicable
 Central Bank Rate Adjustment; or 

c) if
paragraph (b) above applies but the Central Bank Rate for that RFR Banking Day is not available, the percentage rate per annum which
is the aggregate of: (i) the most recent Central Bank Rate for a day which is no more than five RFR Banking Days before that RFR Banking
Day; and (ii) the applicable Central Bank Rate Adjustment; or 
 
 d) if paragraph (c) above applies but the most recent
 Central Bank Rate for a day which is no more than five RFR Banking Days before that RFR Banking Day is not available, the percentage
 rate per annum equal to the Alternate Base Rate in effect on such day, 
 
 and
 if, in each case, the aggregate of that rate and the applicable Baseline CAS is less than 0.25 , the Daily Rate shall be deemed to be
 such a rate that the aggregate of the Daily Rate and the applicable Baseline CAS is 0.25 . 
 
 Lookback Period: 
 Five RFR Banking Days. 
 
 Margin: 
 Has the meaning given to such term in the definition of Applicable Margin . 
 
 Relevant Market: 
 The Swiss francs overnight repo market. 

Sch. VIII- 2 

RFR: 
 The SARON (Swiss Average Rate Overnight) reference rate administered by SIX (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) as at the close of trading on the SIX Swiss Exchange on the relevant day displayed on page SARON.S of the Thomson Reuters screen under the heading CLSFIX. 
 
 RFR Banking Day: 
 
 A
day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for the settlement of payments and foreign exchange transactions in Zurich. 

Sch. VIII- 3 

SCHEDULE
IX 

DAILY
NON-CUMULATIVE COMPOUNDED RFR RATE 

The
 Daily Non-Cumulative Compounded RFR Rate for any RFR Banking Day i during a Remittance Period for any
Advance is the percentage rate per annum (without rounding, to the extent reasonably practicable for the Facility Agent performing the
calculation, taking into account the capabilities of any software used for that purpose) calculated as set out below: 

where: 

UCCDR i 
means the Unannualised Cumulative Compounded Daily Rate for that RFR Banking Day i 

UCCDR i-1 
means, in relation to that RFR Banking Day i , the Unannualised Cumulative Compounded Daily Rate for the immediately
preceding RFR Banking Day (if any) during that Remittance Period; 

dcc 
means 360 or, in any case where market practice in the sterling wholesale market is to use a different number for quoting the number of
days in a year, that number; 

n i 
means the number of calendar days from, and including, that RFR Banking Day i up to, but excluding, the following
RFR Banking Day; and 

the
 Unannualised Cumulative Compounded Daily Rate for any RFR Banking Day (the Cumulated RFR Banking Day during that Remittance Period is the result of the below calculation (without rounding, to the extent reasonably practicable for the Facility
Agent performing the calculation, taking into account the capabilities of any software used for that purpose): 

where: 

ACCDR 
means the Annualised Cumulative Compounded Daily Rate for that Cumulated RFR Banking Day; 

tn i 
means the number of calendar days from, and including, the first day of the Cumulation Period to, but excluding, the RFR Banking Day which
immediately follows the last day of the Cumulation Period; 

Cumulation
Period means the period from, and including, the first RFR Banking Day of that Remittance Period to, and including, that Cumulated
RFR Banking Day; 

Sch. IX- 1 

dcc 
has the meaning given to that term above; and 

the
 Annualised Cumulative Compounded Daily Rate for that Cumulated RFR Banking Day is the percentage rate per annum (rounded
to five decimal places) calculated as set out below: 

where: 

d 0 
means the number of RFR Banking Days in the Cumulation Period; 

Cumulation
Period has the meaning given to that term above; 

i 
means a series of whole numbers from one to d 0 , each representing the relevant RFR Banking Day in chronological order in the
Cumulation Period; 

DailyRate i-LP 
means, for any RFR Banking Day i in the Cumulation Period, the Daily Rate for the RFR Banking Day which is the applicable
Lookback Period prior to that RFR Banking Day i 

n i 
means, for any RFR Banking Day i in the Cumulation Period, the number of calendar days from, and including, that
RFR Banking Day i up to, but excluding, the following RFR Banking Day; 

dcc 
has the meaning given to that term above; and 

tn i 
has the meaning given to that term above. 

Sch. IX- 2 

ANNEX A 

Lender 
 Commitment 
 
 Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 
 75,000,000 

Annex A- 1 

EXHIBITS 

[ attached] 

</EX-10.27>

<EX-14.1>
 4
 gbdcfy202110-kexhibit141.htm
 EX-14.1

Document 

CODE OF ETHICS 
 FOR 
 GOLUB CAPITAL BDC, INC. 
 GOLUB CAPITAL DIRECT LENDING CORPORATION 
 GOLUB CAPITAL BDC 3, INC. 
 GC ADVISORS LLC 
 Section I Statement of General Fiduciary Principles 
 This Code of Ethics (the Code has been adopted by each of Golub Capital BDC, Inc., Golub Capital BDC 3, Inc., and Golub Capital Direct Lending Corporation (collectively, the Corporation ), and GC Advisors LLC, the Corporation s investment adviser (the Adviser ), in compliance with Rule 17j-1 under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the Act ). The purpose of the Code is to establish standards and procedures for the detection and prevention of activities by which persons having knowledge of the investments and investment intentions of the Corporation may abuse their fiduciary duty to the Corporation, and otherwise to deal with the types of conflict of interest situations to which Rule 17j-1 is addressed. 
 The Code is based on the principle that the directors and officers of the Corporation, and the managers, partners, officers and employees of the Adviser, who provide services to the Corporation, owe a fiduciary duty to the Corporation to conduct their personal securities transactions in a manner that does not interfere with the Corporation s transactions or otherwise take unfair advantage of their relationship with the Corporation. All Access Persons are expected to adhere to this general principle as well as to comply with all of the specific provisions of this Code that are applicable to them. Any Access Persons who are affiliated with the Adviser or another entity that is a registered investment adviser is, in addition, expected to comply with the provisions of the code of ethics that has been adopted by the Adviser or such other investment adviser. The Adviser has adopted a separate code of ethics pursuant to the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, and the rules thereunder (the Adviser s Code of Ethics ). The Adviser will provide a written report, at least annually, to the Corporation s board of directors describing any issues arising under the Adviser s Code of Ethics or procedures since the last report to the board, including, but not limited to, information about material violations of the Adviser s Code of Ethics or procedures and sanctions imposed in response to material violations and certifying that the Adviser has adopted procedures reasonably necessary to prevent violations of the Adviser s Code of Ethics. 
 Technical compliance with the Code will not automatically insulate any Access Persons from scrutiny of transactions that show a pattern of compromise or abuse of the individual s fiduciary duty to the Corporation. Accordingly, all Access Persons must seek to avoid any actual or potential conflicts between their personal interests and the interests of the Corporation and its stockholders. In sum, all Access Persons shall place the interests of the Corporation before their own personal interests. 
 All Access Persons must read this Code of Ethics. 
 Section II Definitions 
 1 
 26985410.4.BUSINESS 

(A) Access Person means any director, officer, general partner or Advisory Person (as defined below) of the Corporation or the Adviser. 
 (B) An Advisory Person of the Corporation or the Adviser means (i) any director, officer general partner or employee of the Corporation or the Adviser, or any company in a Control (as defined below) relationship to the Corporation or the Adviser, who in connection with such person s regular functions or duties makes, participates in, or obtains information regarding the purchase or sale of any Covered Security (as defined below) by the Corporation, or whose functions relate to the making of any recommendation with respect to such purchases or sales (ii) any natural person in a Control relationship to the Corporation or the Adviser, who obtains information concerning recommendations made to the Corporation with regard to the purchase or sale of any Covered Security by the Corporation and (iii) any other person deemed to be an Advisory Person by the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 (C) Beneficial Ownership is interpreted in the same manner as it would be under Rule 16a-1(a)(2) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the 1934 Act in determining whether a person is a beneficial owner of a security for purposes of Section 16 of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 (D) Chief Compliance Officer means the Chief Compliance Officer of the Corporation (who also may serve as the compliance officer of the Adviser and or one or more affiliates of the Adviser). 
 (E) Control shall have the same meaning as that set forth in Section 2(a)(9) of the Act. 
 (F) Covered Security means a security as defined in Section 2(a)(36) of the Act, which includes any note, stock, treasury stock, security future, bond, debenture, evidence of indebtedness, certificate of interest or participation in any profit-sharing agreement, collateral-trust certificate, pre-organization certificate or subscription, transferable share, investment contract, voting-trust certificate, certificate of deposit for a security, fractional undivided interest in oil, gas, or other mineral rights, any put, call, straddle, option, or privilege on any security (including a certificate of deposit) or on any group or index of securities (including any interest therein or based on the value thereof), or any put, call, straddle, option, or privilege entered into on a national securities exchange relating to foreign currency, or, in general, any interest or instrument commonly known as a security, or any certificate of interest or participation in, temporary or interim certificate for, receipt for, guarantee of, or warrant or right to subscribe to or purchase, any of the foregoing. 
 Except that Covered Security does not include (i) direct obligations of the Government of the United States (ii) bankers acceptances, bank certificates of deposit, commercial paper and high quality short-term debt instruments, including repurchase agreements and (iii) shares issued by open-end investment companies registered under the Act. References to a Covered Security in this Code (e.g., a prohibition or requirement applicable to the purchase or sale of a Covered Security) shall be deemed to refer to and to include any warrant for, option in, or security immediately convertible into that Covered Security, and shall also include any instrument that has an investment return or value that is based, in whole or in part, on that Covered Security (collectively, Derivatives ). Therefore, 
 2 

except as otherwise specifically provided by this Code (i) any prohibition or requirement of this Code applicable to the purchase or sale of a Covered Security shall also be applicable to the purchase or sale of a Derivative relating to that Covered Security and (ii) any prohibition or requirement of this Code applicable to the purchase or sale of a Derivative shall also be applicable to the purchase or sale of a Covered Security relating to that Derivative. 
 (G) Independent Director means a director of the Corporation who is not an interested person of the Corporation within the meaning of Section 2(a)(19) of the Act. 
 (H) Initial Public Offering means an offering of securities registered under the Securities Act of 1933 (the 1933 Act ), the issuer of which, immediately before the registration, was not subject to the reporting requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act. 
 (I) Investment Personnel of the Corporation or the Adviser means (i) any employee of the Corporation or the Adviser (or of any company in a Control relationship to the Corporation or the Adviser) who, in connection with such person s regular functions or duties, makes or participates in making recommendations regarding the purchase or sale of securities by the Corporation and (ii) any natural person who controls the Corporation or the Adviser and who obtains information concerning recommendations made to the Corporation regarding the purchase or sale of securities by the Corporation. 
 (J) Limited Offering means an offering that is exempt from registration under the 1933 Act pursuant to Section 4(2) or Section 4(5) thereof or pursuant to Rule 504, Rule 505, or Rule 506 thereunder. 
 (K) Security Held or to be Acquired by the Corporation means (i) any Covered Security which, within the most recent 15 days (A) is or has been held by the Corporation or (B) is being or has been considered by the Corporation or the Adviser for purchase by the Corporation and (ii) any option to purchase or sell, and any security convertible into or exchangeable for, a Covered Security described in Section II (K)(i). 
 (L) 17j-1 Organization means the Corporation or the Adviser, as the context requires 
 Section III Objective and General Prohibitions 
 Access Persons may not engage in any investment transaction under circumstances in which such Access Persons benefits from or interferes with the purchase or sale of investments by the Corporation. In addition, Access Persons may not use information concerning the investments or investment intentions of the Corporation, or their ability to influence such investment intentions, for personal gain or in a manner detrimental to the interests of the Corporation. 
 Access Persons may not engage in conduct that is deceitful, fraudulent or manipulative, or that involves false or misleading statements, in connection with the purchase or sale of investments by the Corporation. In this regard, Access Persons should recognize that Rule 17j-1 makes it unlawful for any affiliated person of the Corporation, or any affiliated person of the Adviser, in connection with the 
 3 

purchase or sale, directly or indirectly, by the person of a Security Held or to be Acquired by the Corporation to 
 i. employ any device, scheme or device, scheme or artifice to defraud the Corporation 
 
 ii. make any untrue statement of a material fact to the Corporation or omit to state to the Corporation a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading 
 
 iii. engage in any act, practice or course of business that operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit upon the Corporation or 
 
 iv. engage in any manipulative practice with respect to the Corporation. 
 
 Access Persons should also recognize that a violation of this Code or of Rule 17j-1 may result in the imposition of (1) sanctions as provided by Section VIII below or (2) administrative, civil and, in certain cases, criminal fines, sanctions or penalties. 
 Section IV Prohibited Transactions 
 (A) Other than securities purchased or acquired by a fund affiliated with the Corporation and pursuant to an exemptive order under Section 57(i) of the Act permitting certain types of co-investments, an Access Person may not purchase or otherwise acquire direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership of any Covered Security, and may not sell or otherwise dispose of any Covered Security in which such person has direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership, if such person knows or should know at the time of entering into the transaction that (1) the Corporation has purchased or sold the Covered Security within the last 15 calendar days, or is purchasing or selling or intends to purchase or sell the Covered Security in the next 15 calendar days or (2) the Adviser has within the last 15 calendar days considered purchasing or selling the Covered Security for the Corporation or within the next 15 calendar days intends to consider purchasing or selling the Covered Security for the Corporation. 
 (B) No Access Person may purchase a Covered Security without first obtaining preapproval from the Chief Compliance Officer of the Corporation. From time to time, the Chief Compliance Officer of the Corporation may exempt individual Covered Securities or categories of Covered Securities from this requirement. 
 (C) Investment Personnel of the Corporation or the Adviser must obtain approval from the Corporation or the Adviser, as the case may be, before directly or indirectly acquiring Beneficial Ownership in any securities in an Initial Public Offering or in a Limited Offering, except when such securities are acquired by a fund affiliated with the Corporation and pursuant to an exemptive order under Section 57(i) of the Act permitting certain types of co-investments. Such approval must be obtained from 
 4 

the Chief Compliance Officer, unless the Chief Compliance Officer is the person seeking such approval, in which case it must be obtained from the President of the 17j-1 Organization. 
 (D) No Access Person shall recommend any transaction in any Covered Securities by the Corporation without having disclosed to the Chief Compliance Officer such Access Person s interest, if any, in such Covered Securities or the issuer thereof, including the Access Person s Beneficial Ownership of any Covered Securities of such issuer, except when such securities transactions are to be made by a fund affiliated with the Corporation and pursuant to an exemptive order under Section 57(i) of the Act permitting certain types of co-investments any contemplated transaction by the Access Person in such Covered Securities any position the Access Person has with such issuer and any present or proposed business relationship between such issuer and the Access Person (or a party which the Access Person has a significant interest). 
 Section V Reports by Access Persons 
 (A) Personal Securities Holdings Reports. 
 All Access Persons shall within 10 days of the date on which they become Access Persons, and thereafter, within 30 days after the end of each calendar year, disclose the title, number of shares and principal amount of all Covered Securities in which they have a direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership as of the date the person became an Access Person, in the case of such person s initial report, and as of the last day of the year, as to annual reports. Such report is hereinafter called a Personal Securities Holdings Report. Each Personal Securities Holdings Report must also disclose the name of any broker, dealer or bank with whom the Access Person maintained an account in which any securities were held for the direct or indirect benefit of the Access Person as of the date the person became an Access Person or as of the last day of the year, as the case may be. Each Personal Securities Holdings Report shall state the date it is being submitted. 
 (B) Quarterly Transaction Reports. 
 Within 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter, each Access Person shall make a written report to the Chief Compliance Officer of all transactions occurring in the quarter in a Covered Security in which such person had any direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership. Such report is hereinafter called a Quarterly Securities Transaction Report. 
 A Quarterly Securities Transaction Report shall be in the form approved by the Chief Compliance Officer 
 (C) Independent Directors. 
 Notwithstanding the reporting requirements set forth in this Section V, an Independent Director who would be required to make a report under this Section V solely by reason of being a director of the Corporation is not required to file a Personal Securities Holding Report upon becoming a director of the Corporation or annually thereafter. Such an Independent Director also need not file a Quarterly 
 5 

Securities Transaction Report unless such director knew or, in the ordinary course of fulfilling official duties as a director of the Corporation, should have known that during the 15-day period immediately preceding or after the date of the transaction in a Covered Security by the director such Covered Security is or was purchased or sold by the Corporation or the Corporation or the Adviser considered purchasing or selling such Covered Security. 
 (D) Access Persons of the Adviser. 
 An Access Person of the Adviser need not make a Personal Securities Holding Report or Quarterly Securities Transaction Report if the information in such reports would duplicate information required to be recorded pursuant to the Adviser s Code of Ethics. 
 (E) Brokerage Accounts and Statements. 
 Access Persons, except Independent Directors, shall 
 (1) instruct the brokers, dealers or banks with whom they maintain such an account to provide duplicate account statements to the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 (2) on an annual basis, certify that they have complied with the requirements of (1) above. 
 (F) Form of Reports. 
 A Quarterly Securities Transaction Report may consist of broker statements or other statements that provide a list of all personal Covered Securities holdings and transactions in the time period covered by the report and contain the information required in a Quarterly Securities Transaction Report. 
 (G) Responsibility to Report. 
 Access Persons will be informed of their obligations to report, however, it is the responsibility of each Access Person to take the initiative to comply with the requirements of this Section V. Any effort by the Corporation, or by the Adviser and its affiliates, to facilitate the reporting process does not change or alter that responsibility. A person need not make a report hereunder with respect to transactions effected for, and Covered Securities held in, any account over which the person has no direct or indirect influence or control. 
 (H) Where to File Reports and Forms. 
 (1) All Quarterly Securities Transaction Reports and Personal Securities Holdings Reports, as well as Private Company Securities and IPO Request and Reporting Forms, must be filed with the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 6 

(2) The Chief Compliance Officer may, from time to time, adopt new methods to submit all Quarterly Securities Transaction Reports and Personal Securities Holdings Reports, as well as Private Company Securities and IPO Request and Reporting Forms. These new methods, which could include electronic submission of information equivalent to the information currently required under this Code, will be deemed to satisfy the reporting obligations under this Code. 
 (I) Disclaimers. 
 Any report required by this Section V may contain a statement that the report will not be construed as an admission that the person making the report has any direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership in the Covered Security to which the report relates. 
 Section VI Additional Prohibitions 
 (A) Confidentiality of the Corporation s Transactions. 
 Until disclosed in a public report to stockholders or to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC in the normal course, all information concerning the securities being considered for purchase or sale by the Corporation shall be kept confidential by all Access Persons and disclosed by them only on a need to know basis. It shall be the responsibility of the Chief Compliance Officer to report any inadequacy found in this regard to the directors of the Corporation. 
 (B) Insider Trading 
 (1) Clearance of Transactions. The Corporation requires that all purchases and sales of Corporation securities by Access Persons (and their respective immediate family members) be cleared by the Chief Compliance Officer or the Chief Compliance Officer s designee prior to placing any order related to such transactions. Currently, the only Corporation securities available for purchase is the common stock of Golub Capital BDC, Inc. traded on the Nasdaq under the ticker symbol GBDC Shares ). 
 (2) Window Period. After receiving clearance from the Chief Compliance Officer of the Corporation, Access Persons may purchase or sell Shares only during a designated window period. Should the end of the window period fall on a weekend, such window will be extended through close of business on the following business day. Significantly, however, even during a window period, Access Persons may not engage in transactions involving Shares if such person is in possession of material, nonpublic information on the trade date. 
 (3) Avoidance of Speculative Transactions. Certain types of transactions as well as the timing of trading may raise an inference of the improper use of inside information. In order to avoid even the appearance of impropriety, the Corporation discourages trades by Access Persons that are of a short-term, speculative nature rather than for investment purposes. 
 7 

(4) Limited Disclosure. Access Persons who have access to material information regarding the Corporation or its operations should exercise the utmost caution in preserving the confidentiality of that information. If anyone becomes aware of a leak of material information, whether inadvertent or otherwise, such person should report such leak immediately to the Chief Compliance Officer. Any insider who leaks inside information to a tippee may be equally liable with the tippee to third parties for any profit of the tippee. Of course, it will be necessary from time to time, for legitimate business reasons, to disclose material information to persons outside of the Corporation. Such persons might include commercial bankers, investment bankers or other companies with whom the Corporation may be pursuing a joint project. In such situations, material nonpublic information should not be conveyed until an express understanding, typically in the form of the Corporation s standard nondisclosure agreement, or NDA, has been reached that such information may not be used for trading purposes and may not be further disclosed other than for legitimate business reasons. Please contact the Chief Compliance Officer before disclosing any material non-public information regarding the Corporation to a third party or entering into an NDA. 
 Section VII Annual Certification 
 (A) Access Persons. 
 Access Persons who are directors, managers, partners, officers or employees of the Corporation or the Adviser shall be required to certify annually that they have read this Code and or the Adviser s Code of Ethics, and that they understand the applicable code and recognize that they are subject to it. Further, such Access Persons shall be required to certify annually that they have complied with the requirements of this Code and or the Adviser s Code of Ethics. 
 (B) Board Review. 
 No less frequently than annually, the Corporation and the Adviser must furnish to the Corporation s board of directors, and the board must consider, a written report that (A) describes any material issues arising under this Code or procedures since the last report to the board, including, but not limited to, information about material violations of the Code or procedures and sanctions imposed in response to violations and (B) certifies that the Corporation or the Adviser, as applicable, has adopted procedures reasonably necessary to prevent Access Persons from violating the Code. 
 Section VIII Sanctions 
 Any violation of this Code shall be subject to the imposition of such sanctions by the 17j-1 Organization as may be deemed appropriate under the circumstances to achieve the purposes of Rule 17j-1 and this Code. The sanctions to be imposed shall be determined by the board of directors, including a majority of the Independent Directors, provided, however, that with respect to violations by persons who are directors, managers, partners, officers or employees of the Adviser (or of a company that controls the Adviser), the sanctions to be imposed shall be determined by the Adviser (or the controlling person thereof). Sanctions may include, but are not limited to, suspension or termination of employment, a letter 
 8 

of censure and or restitution of an amount equal to the difference between the price paid or received by the Corporation and the more advantageous price paid or received by the offending person. 
 Section IX Administration and Construction 
 (A) The administration of this Code shall be the responsibility of the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 (B) The duties of the Chief Compliance Officer and the Chief Compliance Officer s department are as follows 
 (1) On an annual basis, providing all Access Persons a copy of this Code and informing such persons of their duties and obligations hereunder including any supplemental training that may be required from time to time 
 (2) Maintaining or supervising the maintenance of all records and reports required by this Code 
 (3) Reviewing all Personal Securities Holdings Reports and Quarterly Securities Transaction Reports 
 (4) Preparing listings of all transactions effected by Access Persons who are subject to the requirement to file Quarterly Securities Transaction Reports and reviewing such transactions against a listing of all transactions effected by the Corporation 
 (5) Issuance either personally or with the assistance of counsel as may be appropriate, of interpretations of any provision of this Code that may appear inconsistent with the objectives of Rule 17j-1 and this Code 
 (6) Conduct such inspections or investigations as shall reasonably be required to detect and report, with recommendations, any apparent violations of this Code to the board of directors of the Corporation and 
 (7) Submission of a written report to the board of directors of the Corporation, no less frequently than annually, that describes any issues arising under the Code since the last such report, including but not limited to the information described in Section VII (B). 
 (C) The Chief Compliance Officer shall maintain and cause to be maintained in an easily accessible place at the principal place of business of the 17j-1 Organization, the following records and must make these records available to the SEC at any time and from time to time for reasonable periodic, special or other examinations 
 (1) A copy of all codes of ethics adopted by the Corporation or the Adviser and its affiliates, as the case may be, pursuant to Rule 17j-1 that have been in effect at any time during the past 5 years 
 9 

(2) A record of each violation of such codes of ethics and of any action taken as a result of such violation for at least 5 years after the end of the fiscal year in which the violation occurs 
 (3) A copy of each report made by an Access Person for at least 2 years after the end of the fiscal year in which the report is made, and for an additional 3 years in a place that need not be easily accessible 
 (4) A copy of each report made by the Chief Compliance Officer to the board of directors for two (2) years from the end of the fiscal year of the Corporation in which such report is made or issued and for an additional three (3) years in a place that need not be easily accessible 
 (5) A list of all persons who are, or within the past 5 years have been, required to make reports pursuant to the Rule 17j-1 and this Code of Ethics, or who are or were responsible for reviewing such reports 
 (6) A copy of each report required by Section VII (B) for at least 2 years after the end of the fiscal year in which it is made, and for an additional 3 years in a place that need not be easily accessible and 
 (7) A record of any decision, and the reasons supporting the decision, to approve the acquisition by Investment Personnel of securities in an Initial Public Offering or Limited Offering for at least 5 years after the end of the fiscal year in which the approval is granted. 
 (D) This Code may not be amended or modified except in a written form that is specifically approved by majority vote of the Independent Directors. 
 Adopted March 5, 2010 
 Reviewed and Amended November 27, 2012 
 Reviewed and Amended February 2, 2016 
 Reviewed and Amended August 2, 2017 
 Reviewed and Amended, effective November 20, 2020 
 Reviewed and Amended, effective November 19, 2021 

10 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-14.2>
 5
 gbdcfy202110-kexhibit142.htm
 EX-14.2

Document 

GC ADVISORS LLC 
 CODE OF ETHICS 
 General 
 This Code of Ethics for the Adviser supplements (i) the Joint Code of Ethics for Golub Capital BDC, Inc., Golub Capital BDC 3, Inc., and GC Advisors LLC that is applicable in connection with Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Golub Capital BDC 3, Inc. and (ii) the policies and procedures contained in the Compliance Manual for the Adviser. 
 The Code of Ethics is predicated on the principle that the Adviser owes a fiduciary duty to its Clients. Accordingly, the Adviser s employees must avoid activities, interests and relationships that run contrary (or appear to run contrary) to the best interests of its Clients. At all times, Adviser employees must 
 Place Client interests ahead of the Adviser s interests As a fiduciary, the Adviser must serve its Clients best interests. In other words, Adviser employees may not benefit at the expense of the Clients. This concept is particularly relevant when employees are making personal investments in securities traded by the Adviser s Clients. 
 Engage in personal investing that is in full compliance with the Adviser s Code of Ethics Employees must review and abide by the Adviser s personal securities transaction and insider trading policies. 
 Avoid taking advantage of the employee s position Employees must not accept investment opportunities, gifts or other gratuities from individuals seeking to conduct business with the Adviser, or on behalf of a Client, where such opportunities, gifts or gratuities could create the appearance of impropriety or might otherwise influence a decision to conduct business with such other party. 
 Maintain full compliance with the federal securities laws It is the Adviser s policy that all employees must abide by the standards set forth in Rule 204A-1 (the Code of Ethics Rule for registered investment advisers under the Advisers Act. 
 Any questions with respect to the Adviser s Code of Ethics should be directed to the Chief Compliance Officer. As discussed in greater detail below, employees must promptly report any violations of the Code of Ethics to the Chief Compliance Officer. All reported Code of Ethics violations will be treated as being made on an anonymous basis. 
 Guiding Principles & Standards of Conduct 
 All employees and members of the Adviser, and consultants closely associated with the Adviser, will act with competence, dignity and integrity, in an ethical manner, when dealing with 

Clients, the public, prospects, third-party service providers and fellow employees. The following set of principles frames the professional and ethical conduct that the Adviser expects from its employees and consultants 
 Act with integrity, competence, diligence, respect, and in an ethical manner with the public, Clients, prospective clients, employers, employees, colleagues in the investment profession, and other participants in the global capital markets 
 Place the integrity of the investment profession, the interests of Clients, and the interests of the Adviser above one s own personal interests 
 Adhere to the fundamental standard that the employee or consultant should not take inappropriate advantage of such person s position 
 Conduct all personal securities transactions in a manner consistent with this policy 
 Use reasonable care and exercise independent professional judgment when conducting investment analysis, making investment recommendations, taking investment actions, and engaging in other professional activities 
 Practice and encourage others to practice in a professional and ethical manner that will reflect credit on such person and the profession 
 Promote the integrity of, and uphold the rules governing, capital markets and 
 Comply with applicable provisions of the federal securities laws. 
 I. PERSONAL SECURITIES TRANSACTION POLICY 
 Employees may freely trade in Permitted Securities (as defined below). If an employee wishes to trade in Reportable Securities (as defined below), such employee must obtain pre-clearance according to the Personal Securities Transaction Policy set forth below. 
 Permitted Securities 
 Government securities, certificates of deposit, commercial paper and similar money market instruments, exchange-traded funds and closed-end funds, mutual funds e.g. , open ended investment companies), variable annuities, transactions in managed accounts e.g., accounts where a 3 rd party manager has full trading authority) are Permitted Securities Permitted Securities and as such, are not required to be pre-cleared by employees under the Personal Securities Transaction Policy. Transactions in such securities are, however, subject to the 30-day recommended holding period described below. Employees may, if eligible to do so, invest in private funds run by others (a Third-Party Fund without receiving pre-clearance, but such investment remains subject to all of the policies and procedures in this Manual including the reporting provisions contained herein. 

Reportable Securities 
 The Adviser will regard the following as reportable securities Reportable Securities for purposes of complying with this policy any note, stock, bond, debenture, evidence of indebtedness, certificate of interest or participation in any profit-sharing agreement, collateral-trust certificate, fractional undivided interest in oil, gas, or other mineral rights, any options on reportable securities, or in general, any interest or instrument commonly known as a security that is not a Permitted Security. 
 Non-Securities 
 Commodities (and futures and options on commodities) that are traded on a commodities exchange, including currency futures are generally not considered securities and do not need to be reported. 
 Pre-Clearance Procedures 
 The Adviser s employees must have written clearance for any personal securities transaction (except for any transaction involving a Permitted Security or Third-Party Fund) before completing the transaction . Employees may request pre-clearance through the means then-propagated by the Chief Compliance Officer of the firm, and such means may change from time to time. 
 If pre-clearance is granted, the pre-clearance approval is generally valid only for the trading day on which the approval is granted except that if the approval is granted after 4 p.m. Eastern Time (e.g., New York City time), the approval extends to 4 p.m. Eastern Time (e.g., New York City time) the following business day. 
 Short Term Trading Adverse Trading 
 Adviser employees are encouraged to refrain from engaging in short-term e.g. , holding periods under 30 days) personal trading. Repeated short-term trading may subject the employee to sanctions by the Adviser. Except for limited circumstances and subject to disclosure and pre-clearance approval, Adviser employees should not execute trades opposite of positions the Adviser takes on behalf of its clients. 
 Beneficial Ownership 
 Employees are considered to have beneficial ownership of securities Beneficial Ownership if they have or share a direct or indirect pecuniary interest in the securities. Employees have a pecuniary interest in securities if they have the ability to directly or indirectly profit from a securities transaction. 
 The following are examples of indirect pecuniary interests in securities 

Securities held by members of employees immediate family sharing the same household. Immediate family means any relative, spouse or significant other, or relative of the spouse or significant other of an employee 
 An employee s interest as a general partner in securities held by a general or limited partnership and 
 An employee s interest as a manager member in the securities held by a limited liability company. 
 Employees do not have an indirect pecuniary interest in securities held by entities in which they hold an equity interest unless they are a controlling equity holder or they share investment control over the securities held by the entity. 
 The following circumstances constitute beneficial ownership by employees of securities held by a trust 
 Legal ownership of securities as a trustee by an employee or members of the employees immediate family 
 Ownership of a vested beneficial interest in a trust by an employee or members of the employees immediate family and 
 An employee s status as a settlor of a trust, unless the consent of all of the beneficiaries is required in order for the employee to revoke the trust. 
 Restricted Securities 
 Anytime an employee receives material non-public information (as described in Part II, below) about a company that has issued publicly traded securities (a Public Company ), that company will be added to the Adviser s Restricted Securities List. Employees will be responsible for contacting the compliance golubcapital.com any time that they receive or intend to receive any non-public information about a Public Company. 
 A copy of all executed confidentiality agreements concerning a Public Company must be brought to the attention of the Chief Compliance Officer. Once an authorized signatory for the Adviser has signed a confidentiality agreement for the purpose of receiving non-public information about a Public Company, the company may be placed on the Restricted Securities List if the non-public information received about the Public Company is material. 
 Employees are responsible for notifying the Chief Compliance Officer of any other circumstances in which they or the firm should be restricted pursuant to this Code of Ethics. 
 Employees may not trade securities in a Public Company on the Restricted Securities List, including but not limited to, trading in an Employee s personal account or on behalf of a Client account without receiving pre-clearance from the Compliance Department. Investment professionals should consider the fact that they will be restricted from trading the public 

securities of a Public Company for which any employee has received non-public information when evaluating any potential hedging strategies for positions. Employees may be unable to liquidate personal or Client holdings of securities that are subsequently added to the Restricted Securities List. 
 Unless the Chief Compliance sets up ethical walls, all employees, whether investment professionals or non-investment professionals, will be regarded as having access to any non-public information about a Public Company that has been received by any other employee. 
 The Chief Compliance Officer or the Chief Compliance Officer s designee will periodically review each Public Company on the Restricted Securities List to determine whether any employees remain in possession of non-public information. Additionally, a Public Company can be removed from the Restricted List by the Chief Compliance Officer or the Chief Compliance Officer s designee at other times if it can be determined that no employee remains in possession of non-public information, and no employee has any intention of obtaining such information. 
 Investments in Private Company Securities and Initial Public Offerings 
 Employees may not acquire, directly or indirectly, any Beneficial Ownership in any limited offering or initial public offering IPO without first obtaining prior approval of the Chief Compliance Officer or the Chief Compliance Officer s designee in order to preclude any possibility of the employee profiting improperly from such employee s position with the Adviser. The Chief Compliance Officer or the Chief Compliance Officer s designee shall (1) obtain from the employee full details of the proposed transaction (including written certification that the investment opportunity did not arise by virtue of the employee s activities on behalf of a Client) and (2) conclude, after consultation with a portfolio manager (who has no personal interest in the issuer of the limited offering or IPO), that no Clients have any foreseeable interest in purchasing such security. A record of such approval and the reasons supporting those decisions shall be kept as required in the Records section of this Policy. 
 Reporting 
 In order to provide the Adviser with information to enable it to determine with reasonable assurance any indications of front-running or the appearance of a conflict of interest with the trading by any Client account, each Adviser employee must submit a report to the Chief Compliance Officer or the Chief Compliance Officer s designee showing all transactions in which the person has, or by reason of such transaction acquires, any direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership except for exempt transactions listed in the section below entitled Exemptions from Reporting Requirements. 
 Transaction Reports 
 Employees are required to (i) instruct their broker-dealers to send to the Adviser duplicate broker-dealer trade confirmations and account statements which must be received by the Chief Compliance Officer, at a minimum, no later than thirty (30) days after the end of each calendar 

quarter and or (ii) complete such paperwork as is required by the Chief Compliance Officer so that such information may be provided electronically to the firm. If an employee s trades do not occur through a broker-dealer e.g. , purchase of a private investment fund), such transactions shall be reported separately on the quarterly personal securities transaction report. The quarterly transaction reports shall contain at least the following information for each transaction in a Reportable Security in which the employee had, or as a result of the transaction acquired, any direct or indirect beneficial ownership (a) the date of the transaction, the title, and as applicable the exchange ticker symbol or CUSIP number, the interest rate and maturity date (if applicable), the number of shares and the principal amount of each Reportable Security involved (b) the nature of the transaction e.g. , purchase, sale or any other type of acquisition or disposition) (c) the price of the Reportable Security at which the transaction was effected (d) the name of the broker, dealer or bank with or through which the transaction was effected and (e) the date that the report is submitted. Employees are reminded that they must also report transactions by members of the employee s immediate family including spouse, children and other members of the household in accounts over which the employee has direct or indirect influence or control. If an employee has arranged to have monthly brokerage statements delivered to the Chief Compliance Officer, directly or electronically, then quarterly transaction reports are not required. 
 Initial and Annual Holdings Reports 
 New Adviser employees will be required to report all of their personal securities holdings not later than 10 days after the commencement of their employment. The initial holdings report must be current as of a date not more than 45 days prior to the date the person becomes an employee. 
 Existing employees are required to certify to the Adviser on an annual basis that the Adviser has a complete list of the Adviser s holdings. 
 Each holdings report (both the initial and annual) must contain, at a minimum (a) the title and type of security, and as applicable the exchange ticker symbol or CUSIP number, number of shares, and principal amount of each reportable security in which the employee has any direct or indirect beneficial ownership (b) the name of any broker, dealer or bank with which the employee maintains an account in which any securities are held for the employee s direct or indirect benefit and (c) the date the employee submits the report. 
 Duplicate Copies 
 In order to help ensure that duplicate brokerage confirmations are received for all accounts pertaining to a particular employee, such employee must complete and send a brokerage letter to each bank, broker or dealer maintaining an account on behalf of the employee if requested by the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 Exceptions from Reporting Requirement 
 Employees are not required to submit (1) a transaction or initial and annual holdings report with respect to securities held in accounts over which the access person had no direct or 

indirect influence or control, or (2) a transaction report with respect to transactions effected pursuant to an automatic investment plan. 
 New Account Report 
 A report shall be completed by an employee, when applicable, to disclose the name of any new account established by the employee during the quarter in which any securities, including Permitted Securities, were held for the direct or indirect benefit of the employee and include (a) the name of the broker, dealer or bank with whom the employee established the account (b) the date the account was established and (c) the date that the report is submitted by the employee. 
 Review 
 The Adviser strictly forbids front-running Client accounts, which is a practice generally understood to be employees personally trading ahead of Client accounts. The Chief Compliance Officer will closely monitor employees investment patterns to detect these abuses. The Adviser s members will monitor the Chief Compliance Officer s personal securities transactions for compliance with the Personal Securities Transaction Policy. 
 The reason for the development of a post-transaction review process is to ensure that the Adviser has developed procedures to supervise the activities of its access persons. The comparison of employee trades to those of Clients will identify potential conflicts of interest or the appearance of a potential conflict. 
 If the Adviser discovers that an employee is personally trading contrary to the policies set forth above, the employee shall meet with the Chief Compliance Officer and the Adviser s members to review the facts surrounding the transactions. This meeting shall help the Adviser to determine the appropriate course of action. 
 Remedial Actions 
 The Adviser takes the potential for conflicts of interest caused by personal investing very seriously. Employees should be aware that the Adviser reserves the right to impose varied sanctions on policy violators depending on the severity of the policy violation, including termination of employment. 
 II. POLICIES AND PROCEDURES TO DETECT AND PREVENT INSIDER TRADING 
 The Adviser s business may require employees to deal with confidential information. The proper handling of material, non-public information is critical to the Adviser s integrity. The Adviser s reputation is a vital asset and even the appearance of the misuse of material, non-public information should be avoided. The misuse of non-public information may violate federal and state securities laws and other legal and regulatory requirements. Violations may be damaging to both the reputation and financial position of the Adviser and its employees. 

The Adviser forbids trading, either for oneself or for others, on material, non-public information or communicating material, non-public information to others in violation of the law. This conduct is frequently called insider trading. The Adviser s policy extends to activities within and outside one s relationship with the Adviser. Individuals who cease to work for the Adviser must continue to maintain the confidentiality of inside and proprietary information learned during their employment. 
 Although insider trading is not defined in securities laws, it is generally thought to be described as trading either personally or on behalf of others on the basis of material non-public information or communicating material non-public information to others in violation of the law. 
 In the past, securities laws have been interpreted to prohibit the following activities 
 Trading by an insider while in possession of material non-public information 
 Trading by a non-insider while in possession of material non-public information, where the information was disclosed to the non-insider in violation of an insider s duty to keep it confidential or 
 Communicating material non-public information to others in breach of a fiduciary duty. 
 Whom Does the Policy Cover 
 This policy covers all of the Adviser s employees covered persons as well as any transactions in any securities participated in by family members, trusts or corporations directly or indirectly controlled by such persons. In addition, the policy applies to transactions engaged in by corporations in which the covered person is an officer, director or 10 or greater stockholder and a partnership of which the covered person is a partner unless the covered person has no direct or indirect control over the partnership. If any employee has questions about whom this policy covers, such employee should consult the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 What Information is Material 
 Information is material when there is a substantial likelihood that a reasonable investor would consider it important in making investment decisions. Generally, this is information whose disclosure will have a substantial effect on the price of a company s securities. No simple bright line test exists to determine whether information is material assessments of materiality involve highly fact specific inquiries. Adviser employees should direct any questions regarding the materiality of information to the Chief Compliance Officer. The following is an illustrative list of the type of information that is generally regarded as material 
 Information relating to a company s results and operations 
 Dividend or earnings announcements 
 Write-downs or write-offs of assets 

Additions to reserves for bad debts or contingent liabilities 
 Expansion or curtailment of company or major division operations 
 Merger, joint venture announcements 
 New product service announcements 
 Discovery or research developments 
 Criminal, civil and government investigations and indictments 
 Pending labor disputes 
 Debt service or liquidity problems 
 Bankruptcy or insolvency problems 
 Tender offers, stock repurchase plans, etc. 
 Recapitalization 
 Information provided by a company could be material because of its expected effect on a particular class of a company s securities, all of the company s securities, the securities of another company, or the securities of several companies. The misuse of material non-public information applies to all types of securities, including equity, debt, commercial paper, government securities and options. 
 Material information does not have to relate to a company s business. For example, material information about the contents of an upcoming newspaper column may affect the price of a security and therefore be considered material. Material information may also relate to the market for a security. Information about a significant order to purchase or sell securities, in some contexts, may be deemed material similarly, prepublication information regarding reports in the financial press may also be deemed material. 
 What Information is Non-Public 
 In order for issues concerning insider trading to arise, information must not only be material, but also non-public. Non-public information generally means information that has not been available to the investing public. 
 Once material, non-public information has been effectively distributed to the investing public, it is no longer classified as material, non-public information. However, the distribution of non-public information must occur through commonly recognized channels for the classification to change. In addition, the information must not only be publicly disclosed, there must be adequate time for the public to receive and digest the information. Lastly, non-public information does not change to public information solely by selective dissemination. 

The Adviser s employees must be aware that even where there is no expectation of confidentiality, a person may become an insider upon receiving material, non-public information. Whether the tip made to the employee makes such employee a tippee depends on whether the corporate insider expects to benefit personally, either directly or indirectly, from the disclosure. 
 The benefit is not limited to a present or future monetary gain it could be a reputational benefit or an expectation of a quid pro quo from the recipient by a gift of the information. Employees may also become insiders or tippees if they obtain material, non-public information by happenstance, at social gatherings, by overhearing conversations, etc. 
 Penalties for Trading on Insider Information 
 Severe penalties exist for firms and individuals that engage in the act of insider trading, including civil injunctions, treble damages, disgorgement of profits and jail sentences. Further, fines for individuals and firms found guilty of insider trading are levied in amounts up to three times the profit gained or loss avoided, and up to the greater of 1,000,000 or three times the profit gained or loss avoided, respectively. 

Procedures to Follow if an Employee Believes That Such Employee Possesses Material, Non-Public Information 
 The Adviser has established the following procedures to help each employee avoid insider trading and to aid the Adviser in preventing, detecting and imposing sanctions against insider trading. Each employee must follow these procedures or risk serious sanctions, including dismissal, substantial personal liability and criminal penalties. If any employee has questions about these procedures, such employee should consult the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 If an employee has questions as to whether such employee is in possession of material, non-public information, the employee must inform the Chief Compliance Officer as soon as possible. From this point, the employee, the Chief Compliance Officer and the Adviser s members will conduct research to determine if the information is likely to be considered important to investors in making investment decisions and whether the information has been publicly disseminated. 
 Given the severe penalties imposed on individuals and firms engaging in insider trading, an Adviser employee 
 shall not trade the securities of any company in which such employee is deemed an insider who may possess material, non-public information about the company 
 shall not trade the securities of any company except in accordance with the Adviser s Personal Securities Transaction Policy and the securities laws 
 shall submit personal security trading reports in accordance with the Personal Security Transaction Policy 
 shall not discuss any potentially material, non-public information with colleagues, except as specifically required by such employee s position 
 shall immediately report the potential receipt of non-public information to the Chief Compliance Officer and the Adviser s members and 
 shall not proceed with any research, trading or other investment advisory activities until the Chief Compliance Officer and the Adviser s members inform the employee of the appropriate course of action. 
 III. DIRECTORSHIPS OUTSIDE BUSINESS ACTIVITIES 
 Serving as Officers, Trustees and or Directors of Outside Organizations 
 Employees may, under certain circumstances, be granted permission to serve as directors, trustees or officers of outside organizations. These organizations can include public or private corporations, partnerships, charitable foundations and other not-for-profit institutions. Employees may also receive compensation for such activities. 

At certain times, the Adviser may determine that it is in its Clients best interests for an employee to serve as an officer or on the board of directors of outside organizations. For example, a company held in Clients portfolios may be undergoing a reorganization that may affect the value of the company s outstanding securities and the future direction of the company. Service with organizations outside of the Adviser can, however, raise serious regulatory issues and concerns, including conflicts of interests and access to material non-public information. 
 As an outside board member or officer, an employee may come into possession of material non-public information about the outside company or other public companies. It is critical that a proper information barrier be in place between the Adviser and the outside organization and that the employee not communicate such information to other Adviser employees in violation of the information barrier. 
 Similarly, the Adviser may have a business relationship with the outside organization or may seek a relationship in the future. In those circumstances, the employee should not be involved in the decision to retain or hire the Adviser. 
 Adviser employees are prohibited from engaging in such outside activities without the prior written approval from the Chief Compliance Officer. Approval will be granted on a case-by-case basis, subject to proper resolution of potential conflicts of interest. Outside activities will be approved only if any conflict of interest issues can be satisfactorily resolved. 
 Outside Business Activities 
 Adviser personnel generally may not be employed (either on a part-time, evening or weekend basis) or compensated by any business other than the Adviser or one of its affiliates. 
 Approval of the Chief Compliance Officer for any of the above activities must be obtained prior to engaging in such activity so that determinations may be made regarding (1) the degree to which such activity may interfere with the employee s duties to the Adviser and the Clients and (2) whether such activity involves conflicts of interest between the Adviser and any Client that need to be disclosed and may require Client and or Fund Investor consent. 
 IV. RUMORS MANIPULATIVE TRADING PRACTICES 
 A. Rumors 
 Supervised Persons are prohibited from circulating false rumors and rumors of a sensational character that reasonably may be expected to affect market conditions for one or more securities, sectors or markets, or improperly influencing any person or entity. Intentionally creating, passing or using false rumors may violate the antifraud provisions of federal securities laws, and such conduct is contradictory to this Code of Ethics and the Adviser s expectations regarding appropriate behavior of its Supervised Persons. 
 A Supervised Person should consult with the Chief Compliance Officer if such Supervised Person has questions regarding the appropriateness of any communications. 

B. Manipulative Trading Practices 
 Section 9(a)(2) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder make it unlawful for any person, acting alone or with others, to trade any security in order to create actual or apparent active trading in such security, or raise or depress the price of the security. 
 Supervised Persons are prohibited from engaging in actual or apparent trading in a security for the purpose of (a) inducing the purchase or sale of such security by others or (b) causing the price of a security to move up or down. The Exchange Act does not prohibit otherwise lawful activity that has the incidental result of changing the supply or demand or the intrinsic value of a security. 
 V. POLITICAL CONTRIBUTION POLICY 
 Pay-to-play is the practice of making campaign contributions and related payments to elected officials in order to influence the awarding of lucrative contracts for the management of public pension plan assets and similar government investment accounts. The SEC has adopted measures to curtail pay-to-play practices by registered investment advisers. The Adviser prohibits any Supervised Person from making a political contribution to gain, or to attempt to gain, an engagement for the Adviser or any affiliate. 
 The Adviser also prohibits any Supervised Person from making any political contributions without prior written approval as outlined in the policy statement below 
 This policy statement is necessary to comply with laws, regulations and governmental policies relating to political contributions to public officials and candidates by investment managers, their employees and certain related parties described below, or relating to their solicitation or coordination of political contributions. For this purpose, a political contribution includes any gift, loan, deposit, transition or inaugural expense, or anything of value other than unpaid volunteer time, or any indirect contributions directed, funded or solicited through third parties. 
 This policy statement covers any owner, director, officer, employee or agent of Golub Capital, any of their household members, or any political action committee or other entity that they control. It prohibits any such person or entity covered by this policy statement from making a contribution to anyone who is, or who is campaigning to become, a state, local or public retirement plan official, without first notifying Golub Capital and receiving prior approval from Compliance. A candidate for federal office that is currently a state, local or retirement plan official would be subject to this restriction. Prior notice and approval are also required prior to the solicitation or coordination of political contributions for anyone who is, or who is campaigning to become, a state, local or public retirement plan official, or for state or local political parties. 
 The purpose of this policy statement is not to unnecessarily limit political contributions and activities, but to comply with applicable laws, regulations and 

governmental policies applicable to Golub Capital, including changes that might occur in the law. Therefore, Golub Capital will normally approve political contributions and activities that comply with applicable laws, regulations and governmental policies, do not impose a material risk to Golub Capital in light of possible changes that might occur and do not otherwise impose a material risk to the business or reputation of Golub Capital. For example, under current rules, Golub Capital will normally approve contributions outside the State of New York by persons who are not in management or fundraising roles or who make contributions under certain dollar thresholds. Golub Capital also will normally approve contributions in the State of New York under certain dollar thresholds by persons entitled to vote for the office involved. Similarly, Golub Capital will normally approve contributions involving governmental offices that are not involved in the management of assets or the selection of investment managers, and that are not in a position to appoint or otherwise influence such officials. In all events, however, Golub Capital may be required to keep records of contributions and solicitation and coordination activities of persons and entities covered by this policy statement, and to disclose those records to its governmental regulators. 
 This policy statement may change as laws, regulations and governmental policies change. This policy statement is in addition to, and does not replace, other policies of Golub Capital with respect to complying with laws and maintaining the highest level of integrity concerning Golub Capital s dealings with its Investors, including but not limited to Investors that represent state, municipal and retirement plan assets. 
 VI. PROVIDING INVESTMENT ADVICE TO PERSONS OTHER THAN ADVISER CLIENTS DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INTEREST IN TRANSACTIONS 
 To avoid conflicts with the interests of Clients, no Supervised Person may provide investment advice e.g. , advice as to the value of securities, or as to the advisability of investing in, purchasing or selling securities) or portfolio management services for compensation to any person, other than a Client, under any circumstances, unless that arrangement is disclosed to and approved by the Chief Compliance Officer. Such investment advice would be considered an outside business activity and should be reported as such. It is a conflict of interest to recommend any security to a Client, or to direct any transaction for a Client in that security, if a Supervised Person has a personal interest in that security. Therefore, if a Supervised Person has a personal interest in a security (other than an interest in a Fund), such Supervised Person must disclose that interest to the Chief Compliance Officer before recommending that security or before directing an investment decision with respect to that security. If a Supervised Person has the power to direct any transaction in any such security, investment personnel with no personal interest in such security must review such an investment decision. A personal interest in a security may be financial, but it may also involve another interest, such as a family or friend s involvement with a security. This shall not, however, prohibit a Supervised Person from making investment decisions for such Supervised Person s own account, subject to the Code of Ethics. 
 VII. GIFTS 
 Receiving Excessive Gifts or Entertainment is Prohibited 

Receiving excessive gifts or entertainment from others who may represent actual or potential vendors is prohibited. Supervised Persons may accept only business-related meals, entertainment, gifts, or favors when the value involved is not significant and clearly will not create any appearance of a conflict of interest or an obligation to the donor. The value of a gift or favor should be less than 100 and may not be part of a recurrent pattern of giving. Each Supervised Person may accept gifts from a single giver (any firm or natural person associated with such firm) in amounts not exceeding 100 in any year. Such prohibition does not limit ordinary and usual business entertainment provided by a firm or its associates to Supervised Persons. Thus, when a firm or its associates are hosting Supervised Persons at an occasional meal, sporting event, theater production or comparable entertainment event, such an event would not be subject to the 100 gift restriction so long as it is neither so frequent nor so extensive as to raise any question of propriety. 
 Approval Required for Receipt of Gifts in Excess of 100 
 Before accepting anything with an assumed individual or aggregate value (except for those items of business entertainment noted directly above) from any outside business person in excess of 100 during any year, a Supervised Person must obtain the written approval of the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 Providing Excessive Gifts or Entertainment is Prohibited 
 Providing excessive gifts or entertainment to others who may represent actual or prospective clients is also prohibited. Giving extravagant gifts or entertainment to the fiduciary of an account can be construed as an inducement to such fiduciary to allocate client assets on a basis other than the suitability of the manager. Further, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA and many state laws (with respect to state plans) prohibit such gifts. 
 In any case, no gifts or entertainment of any value should be given with respect to any ERISA or Taft-Hartley benefit plan investor, state or municipal pension plans or state or local elected officials without prior approval of the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 Supervised Persons may give only business-related meals, entertainment, gifts or favors when the value involved is not significant and clearly will not create any appearance of a conflict of interest or an obligation to the donor. The value of a gift or favor should be less than 250 and may not be part of a recurrent pattern of giving. Each Supervised Person may give gifts to a single receiver (any firm or natural person associated with such firm) in amounts not exceeding 250 in any year. Such prohibition does not limit ordinary and usual business entertainment provided to a firm or its associates. Thus, when a firm or its associates are hosted by Supervised Persons at an occasional meal, sporting event, theater production or comparable entertainment event, such an event would not be subject to the 250 gift restriction so long as it is neither so frequent nor so extensive as to raise any question of propriety. 
 Approval Required for Providing Gifts in Excess of 250 

Before giving anything with an assumed individual or aggregate value (except for those items of business entertainment noted directly above) to any outside business person in excess of 250 during any year, a Supervised Person must obtain the approval of the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 Under no circumstances may an employee initiate or encourage the provision of a gift from any other person or organization. For the avoidance of doubt, this policy regarding gifts also applies to interactions with government entities and employees. 
 Relationships with Outside Vendors 
 Supervised Persons should be careful when doing business on behalf of the Adviser with outside vendors Vendors with which a Supervised Person has a financial interest or family or personal relationship. These situations may present conflicts of interest that impair the Supervised Person from acting solely in the best interests of the Adviser and its Clients and without regard to the financial interest or family or personal relationship. When a Supervised Person learns that the Adviser is, or is considering, doing business with a Vendor with which that or another employee has a financial, family or personal relationship, the Supervised Person should disclose that information promptly to the Chief Compliance Officer. While there is no absolute prohibition against holding a financial interest in or having a family or personal relationship with a Vendor, the Adviser will examine these situations, before the relationship with the Adviser begins to the extent practicable, so that the Adviser can evaluate any potential conflicts of interest. 
 In evaluating these situations, a conflict of interest will be presumed to exist when an employee who has a financial, family or personal relationship with a Vendor approves the use of the Vendor or negotiates the terms of the agreement with the Vendor. Certain mitigating facts can overcome this presumption. Factors that will be considered include the significance of the financial interest, the degree of the family or personal relationship and whether the fairness of the price of the goods or services can be determined independently. 
 VIII. DISCLOSURE OF CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
 Any Supervised Person who becomes aware of any practice that arguably involves the Adviser in a conflict of interest and is not sure whether the practice has been fully and accurately disclosed to Clients and or Investors or whether Clients and or Investors have consented to the practice should promptly contact the Chief Compliance Officer. In assisting the Chief Compliance Officer in formulating appropriate disclosures, Supervised Persons must bear in mind that the Adviser will not be deemed to have properly obtained consent from a particular Client or Investor unless the disclosure relating to the conflict is materially accurate and complete and understandable by that particular Client or Investor. 

</EX-14.2>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 gbdcfy202110-kexhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF GOLUB CAPITAL BDC, INC. Name Jurisdiction Golub Capital BDC CLO 2014 LLC Delaware Golub Capital BDC CLO III LLC Delaware Golub Capital BDC CLO III Depositor LLC Delaware Golub Capital BDC CLO 4 Depositor LLC Delaware Golub Capital BDC Funding LLC Delaware Golub Capital BDC Funding II LLC Delaware Golub Capital BDC Holdings LLC Delaware GBDC Quick Quack Coinvest LLC Delaware GBDC Holdings Coinvest, Inc. Delaware GBDC Holdings ED Coinvest, Inc. Delaware GC SBIC V-GP, LLC Delaware GC SBIC V, L.P. Delaware GC SBIC VI-GP, LLC Delaware GC SBIC VI, L.P. Delaware GCIC Holdings LLC Delaware GCIC Funding LLC Delaware GCIC Quick Quack Coinvest LLC Delaware GCIC CLO II LLC Delaware GCIC CLO II Depositor LLC Delaware GCIC North Haven Stack Buyer Coinvest Inc. Delaware GCIC Funding II LLC Delaware Senior Loan Fund LLC Delaware Senior Loan Fund II LLC Delaware GCIC Senior Loan Fund LLC Delaware GCIC Senior Loan Fund II LLC Delaware Mountain Open LLC Delaware Mountain Open 2 LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 gbdcfy202110-kexhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 of Periodic Report Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) 

I, David B. Golub, Chief Executive Officer, certify that 
 
 1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Golub Capital BDC, Inc. 
 
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15 (e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 29, 2021 
 
 s David B. Golub 
 David B. Golub 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 gbdcfy202110-kexhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 of Periodic Report Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) 

I, Christopher C. Ericson, Chief Financial Officer, certify that 
 
 1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Golub Capital BDC, Inc. 
 
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15 (e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 29, 2021 
 
 s Christopher C. Ericson 
 Christopher C. Ericson 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 gbdcfy202110-kexhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Golub Capital BDC, Inc. (the Company ), for the annual period ended September 30, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), we, David B. Golub and Christopher C. Ericson, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to our knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 29, 2021 s David B. Golub David B. Golub 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 s Christopher C. Ericson Christopher C. Ericson 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-99.1>
 10
 gbdcfy202110-kexhibit991.htm
 EX-99.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 99.1 
 
 GOLUB CAPITAL BDC, INC. 
 (THE COMPANY 
 
 INVESTOR PRIVACY NOTICE 
 
 Maintaining the confidentiality of the personal information of our current and prospective investors is one of our highest priorities. This notice sets forth the type of personal information we collect, how that information is used by us, and how we protect your personal information. 
 In this Investor Privacy Notice, we , us and our refers to the Company and GC Advisors LLC and its or their affiliates or delegates 
 HOW AND WHY WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION 
 1. Collection. 
 Personal information may be collected from investors in order to comply with legal and regulatory requirements. Information may be collected from any of the following sources 
 a. From You We collect information from investors when they enter into a subscription agreement with the Company. We may also collect information from investor questionnaires, W-9 s and other applications or forms that investors complete. This information may include items such as an investor s name, address, e-mail address, social security number, birth date, annual income, net worth, marital status, and investment risk tolerance. If an investor indicates he or she has a spouse or partner, his her personal and financial account information may also be requested. In order to establish the legitimacy of the subscribing entity, as well as capacity and authority of controlling person(s), we may request copies of organizational documents. 
 b. From Transactions If an investor invests in the Company, we keep records relating to the investor s interest in the Company. 
 
 c. From our Website If investors visit GC Advisors website, we may collect the contact details and other information that investors provide directly to us and we may track the amount of time each investor spends on our site, the parts of our site visited and other technical information. We use this information to improve the functionality of our website. 
 2. Use of Personal Information 
 Investors personal information is collected and maintained by us so that we may fulfill our legal and regulatory requirements. 
 DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION 
 We do not, and do not intend, to sell or disclose personal information about current or former investors to nonaffiliated third parties except as set forth below. If in the future this policy 

changes investors will be notified and provided with an opportunity to opt out of such disclosure. We may share personal information of investors as follows 
 a. We will reveal or share personal information where the law permits or requires it, such as for tax reporting purposes or pursuant to a court order, or to otherwise comply with applicable laws and regulations. 
 b. We may reveal or share personal information with our affiliates. Our affiliates include, for example, investment funds that are manage or over which GC Advisors or its affiliates have control. 
 
 c. We may reveal or share personal information with unaffiliated service providers such as brokers, fund administrators and transfer agents in connection with distributions or other transactions. An investor s personal information may also be provided to attorneys, accountants or auditors in order to enable us to comply with legal and regulatory requirements. 
 PROTECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION 
 Our employees may, from time to time, have access to the personal information of investors in order to provide services to investors. All employees are subject to the terms of certain privacy policies and practices. We also maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards designed to protect nonpublic personal financial information. 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-99.2>
 11
 gbdcfy202110-kexhibit992.htm
 EX-99.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 99.2 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (Form N-2 No. 333-232387) of Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries and in the related Prospectus of our reports dated November 29, 2021, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Golub Capital BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended September 30, 2021. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 November 29, 2021 

</EX-99.2>

