<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211122_10-K_edgar_data_857005_0001564590-21-057806.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>23117262</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>257205</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2257583</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8615196</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3647835</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>7915453</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-21-057806.hdr.sgml : 20211122
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211119201015
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-21-057806
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		139
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211122
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PTC INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000857005
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				042866152
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-18059
		FILM NUMBER:		211429927

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		121 SEAPORT BOULEVARD
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02210
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7813705000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		121 SEAPORT BOULEVARD
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02210

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PARAMETRIC TECHNOLOGY CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-21-057806.txt : 20211122

10-K
 1
 ptc-10k_20210930.htm
 10-K

ptc-10k_20210930.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Fiscal Year Ended: 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from_ to_ 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 

, , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading 
 Symbol 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant 
 to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated Filer 

Non-accelerated Filer 

Smaller Reporting Company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of our voting stock held by non-affiliates was approximately on March 31, 2021 based on the last reported sale price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on that date. There were 116,854,806 shares of our common stock outstanding on that day and shares of our common stock outstanding on November 17, 2021. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

PTC Inc. 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR FISCAL YEAR 2021 
 Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I. 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 7 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 17 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 17 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 17 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 17 

PART II. 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 17 

Item 6. 
 
 Reserved 
 
 17 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 18 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 33 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 35 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 35 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 35 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 36 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 
 
 36 

PART III. 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 37 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 37 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 37 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 37 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 37 

PART IV. 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 38 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 38 

Exhibit Index 
 
 39 

Signatures 
 
 41 

APPENDIX A 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-1 

Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-4 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-9 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 Statements in this Annual Report about our anticipated financial results, capital development and growth, as well as about the development of our products, markets and workforce, are forward-looking statements that are based on our current plans and assumptions. Important information about factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from these statements is discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors and generally throughout this Annual Report. 
 Unless otherwise indicated, all references to a year reflect our fiscal year that ends on September 30. 
 PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 
 Business 

 PTC is a global software and services company that enables industrial companies to improve growth and profitability with a portfolio of innovative digital solutions that work together to transform how physical products are engineered, manufactured, and serviced. Our award-winning technology portfolio spans the computer-aided design (CAD), product lifecycle management (PLM), Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT), and Augmented Reality (AR) markets. Our technology can be delivered on premises, in the cloud, or in a hybrid model. 
 Our customer base includes some of the world s most innovative manufacturers in the aerospace and defense, automotive, electronics and high tech, industrial machinery and equipment, life sciences, oil and gas, retail and consumer products industries. Our solutions enable industrial companies to create a closed loop of information shared across their organization s entire value chain. This digital thread can drive excellence in engineering, efficiency in manufacturing operations and service delivery, and innovation across product offerings and business models. With our solutions, digital transforms physical. 
 As a purpose-driven company, we don t just imagine a better world, we help create it. Our purpose statement - Power To Create is a commitment to our customers to help them solve difficult challenges a commitment to our employees to build a culture that supports diversity, equity, and inclusion so they can achieve their greatest potential and a commitment to support the communities our employees live and work in globally. 
 We generate revenue through the sale of software subscriptions, which include license access and support (technical support and software updates) support for existing perpetual licenses professional services (consulting, implementation, and training) and cloud services (hosting for our software and SaaS). 
 Our Strategy 
 There are three key elements to our strategy to deliver long-term shareholder value. 
 Align with market demand to deliver technology solutions aligned with secular market trends, including digital transformation, SaaS, remote collaboration and AI. We believe demand for solutions such as ours that enable work from home and/or office, global team and supply chain collaboration, remote asset management, and remote frontline worker training and support is strong. In addition, there is growing customer demand for SaaS offerings we intend to increase our investment in SaaS initiatives, while better aligning with SaaS best practices in order to meet the needs of the market. 
 Drive sustainable top line ARR growth by expanding our footprint with existing customers, cross-selling complementary solutions in our customer base, adding new customers and by maintaining strong customer retention rates through our global field organization and partner ecosystem. FY 21 marked the fourth consecutive year of double-digit ARR growth, despite the manufacturing and macroeconomic environments over that period. In FY 22, we are evolving our organizational structure to align better with a traditional SaaS model and create a much-improved customer experience. 
 1 

Grow operating cash flow through continued operating discipline within a recurring business model. Our organizational changes are designed to grow ARR, increase customer retention, and improve operating efficiency, we expect to grow our operating cash flow. 
 Our Principal Products and Services 
 In order to drive clear focus, we have divided our business into two key product groups: Digital Thread and Velocity. The Digital Thread business is focused on customers that are embracing digital transformation and the Velocity business is focused on customers that prioritize agile product development. 
 Digital Thread Core 

Our Creo 3D CAD technology enables the digital design, testing, and modification of product models. With its design simulation, additive manufacturing, and generative design innovations, we enable our customers to be first to market with differentiated products. From initial concept to design, simulation, and analysis, Creo provides designers with innovative tools to efficiently create better products, faster. 

Our Windchill PLM application suite manages all aspects of the product development lifecycle - from concept through service and retirement - by enabling a digital thread of product parts, materials, and configuration information. Windchill provides real-time information sharing, dynamic data visualization, and the ability to collaborate across geographically-distributed teams, enabling manufacturers to elevate their product development process. With its open architecture that integrates with other enterprise systems, Windchill provides a solid foundation for a product-driven digital thread. 

Digital Thread Growth 

Flexible and purpose-built for Industrial IoT, our ThingWorx platform offers a rich set of capabilities that enable enterprises to digitally transform every aspect of their business with innovative solutions that are simple to create, easy to implement, scalable to meet future needs, and designed to enable customers to accelerate time to value. 

Our Vuforia augmented reality technology enables the visualization of digital information in a physical context and the creation of AR experiences to deliver workforce productivity and business results in manufacturing, service, engineering, and operations. Vuforia enables augmented reality and mixed reality experiences for the industrial enterprise. Vuforia solutions equip frontline workers with focused and effective step-by-step instructions, procedural guidance, skill development and remote assistance that enable enterprises to reduce errors, increase asset utilization and drive higher profitability. 

Digital Thread Focused Solutions Group (FSG) 
 Our Integrity TM application lifecycle management (ALM) and model-based systems engineering capabilities enable users to manage system models, software configurations, and test plans and defects. 
 Our Servigistics service parts management solution enables customers to effectively manage service parts, improve their products and services, and increase customer satisfaction. 
 
 2 

Velocity 

Our Onshape Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) product development platform unites computer-aided design with data management, collaboration tools, and real-time analytics. A cloud-native multi-tenant solution that can be instantly deployed on virtually any computer or mobile device, Onshape enables teams to work together from just about anywhere. Real-time design reviews, commenting, and simultaneous editing enable a collaborative workflow where multiple design iterations can be completed in parallel and merged into the final design. 

Our Arena SaaS PLM solution enables product teams to collaborate virtually anytime and anywhere, making it easier to share the latest product and quality information with internal teams and supply chain partners and help deliver innovative products to customers faster. Our Arena quality management system software connects quality and product designs into a single system to simplify regulatory compliance. 

Our Markets and How We Address Them 
 We compete in the CAD, PLM, IIoT and AR markets. The markets we serve present different growth opportunities for us. We see greater opportunity for market growth for our IIoT and AR solutions for the enterprise and our SaaS solutions, followed by more moderate market growth for our on-premise CAD and PLM solutions, both of which have been growing faster than their respective market growth rates. 
 We derive most of our sales from products and services sold directly by our sales force to end-user customers. Approximately 30 to 35 of our sales of products and services are through third-party resellers. Our sales force focuses on large accounts, while our reseller channel provides a cost-effective means of covering the small- and medium-size business market. Our strategic alliance partners enable us to increase our market reach, offer broader solutions, and add compelling technology to our offerings. Our strategic services partners provide service offerings to help customers implement our product offerings. 
 Additional financial information about our segments and international and domestic operations may be found in Note 18. Segment and Geographic Information of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Competition 
 We compete with a number of companies whose offerings address one or more specific functional areas covered by our solutions. In our IIoT business, we compete with large established companies such as Amazon, IBM, Oracle, SAP, Siemens AG, and Software AG as well as customers homegrown solutions. There are also a number of smaller companies that compete in the market for IIoT products. For enterprise CAD and PLM solutions, we compete with large established companies including Autodesk, Dassault Syst mes SA, and Siemens AG. For our PLM solutions, we also compete with Oracle and SAP, but we believe our products are more specifically targeted toward the business process challenges of manufacturing companies and offer broader and deeper functionality for those processes than ERP-based solutions. For our AR products, our primary competitors include TeamViewer, ScopeAR and Re Flekt. Although Microsoft is a partner (especially in IoT), it is a competitor in AR the competing products are Microsoft Dynamics 365 Remote Assist and Dynamics 365 Guides. 
 Proprietary Rights 
 Our software products and related technical know-how, along with our trademarks, including our company names, product names and logos, are proprietary. We protect our intellectual property rights in these items by relying on copyrights, trademarks, patents and common law safeguards, including trade secret protection. The nature and extent of such legal protection depends in part on the type of intellectual property right and the relevant jurisdiction. In the U.S., we are generally able to maintain our trademark registrations for as long as the trademarks are in use and to maintain our patents for up to 20 years from the earliest effective filing date. We also use license management and other anti-piracy 
 3 

technology measures, as well as contractual restrictions, to curtail the unauthorized use and distribution of our products. 
 Our proprietary rights are subject to risks and uncertainties described under Item 1A. Risk Factors below, which is incorporated into this section by reference. 
 People and Culture 
 PTC s commitment to building a diverse, equitable, and inclusive culture is fundamental to our purpose the Power to Create, and critical to every aspect of our talent strategy. Our approach is focused on sustainable talent practices and core values that promote an agile culture, an increased sense of belonging, engaged work environments, and high-performing teams. 
 
 PTC at-a-Glance 
 As of September 30, 2021, PTC had 6,709 employees. Our population is geographically diverse and serves a geographically diverse customer and partner network. 

4 

Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion 
 We have been improving our systems and processes to enable us to better track, manage and develop our employees. With these improvements, we aim to better understand our demographic population and to develop demographic goals we can share. 
 Commitment to our values and diversity in our workforce has inspired our top-line company goals. They include a focus on increasing under-represented minority and gender representation in global leadership as a first and essential step to diversifying our employee population. In addition to hiring our first Chief Diversity & CSR Officer in 2020, we are building an extended team to support our diversity and inclusion initiatives. Key milestones include establishing a global employee DEI Champion network, launching leadership development experiences for our underrepresented minority and underrepresented group populations, designing training programs in psychological safety, inclusive leadership, and conscious inclusion, and enhancing our Employee Resource Group program. 
 Employee Health & Safety | COVID-19 Response 
 Throughout the COVID-19 crisis, PTC focused on protecting the safety and well-being of our employees and supported our local communities. PTC moved to fully remote work in March 2020. Employees may continue to work remotely until 2022. PTC will then move to a hybrid flex model with a blend of in-office and remote work. 
 Workforce Planning & Long-Range Plan 
 
 We believe that the transition of industrial software to SaaS is inevitable and is accelerating. To better position us to be a leader in this SaaS evolution by aligning our internal processes and resources with SaaS operating best practices, in November 2021, we committed to a plan to reorganize our workforce and consolidate select facilities. While this restructuring will result in a number of employee reductions to create operating efficiencies, it will enable us to invest in roles that will further our journey to SaaS. We expect we will continue to recruit and hire many new employees in FY 22, particularly in SaaS sales and engineering roles. For those employees adversely impacted by this realignment, we are providing separation packages and outplacement support to help make the transition as smooth as possible. It is never easy to reduce employee resources and we re focused on supporting and treating all impacted employees with dignity and respect. 
 5 

Website Access to Reports and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 We make available free of charge on our website at www.ptc.com the following reports as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing them with, or furnishing them to, the SEC: our Annual Reports on Form 10-K our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q our Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our Proxy Statements for our Annual Meetings and Section 16 trading reports on SEC Forms 3, 4 and 5 also are available on our website. The reference to our website is not intended to incorporate information on our website into this Annual Report by reference. 
 Our Code of Ethics for Senior Executive Officers is embedded in our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which is also available on our website. Additional information about this code and amendments and waivers thereto can be found below in Part III, Item 10 of this Annual Report. 
 Executive Officers 
 Information about our executive officers is incorporated by reference from our 2022 Proxy Statement. 
 Corporate Information 
 PTC was incorporated in Massachusetts in 1985 and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. 
 6 

ITEM 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

 The following are important factors we have identified that could affect our future results and your investment in our securities. You should consider them carefully when evaluating an investment in PTC securities or any forward-looking statements made by us, including those contained in this Annual Report, because these factors could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or the performance projected in forward-looking statements. The risks described below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. 
 I. Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Industry 
 We face significant competition, which may reduce our profitability and limit or reduce our market share. 
 The markets for our products and solutions are rapidly changing and characterized by intense competition, disruptive technology developments, evolving distribution models and increasingly lower barriers to entry. If we are unable to provide products and solutions that address customers needs as well as our competitors products and solutions do, or to align our pricing, licensing and delivery models with customer preferences, we could lose customers and/or fail to attract new customers, which could cause us to lose revenue and market share. 
 For example, the COVID-19 pandemic has caused companies worldwide to close their offices and their employees to have to work remotely from their homes, which has focused companies on the need for solutions that empower and support remote work by employees. We believe customers and potential customers will increasingly seek software solutions that support remote work by employees. Although many of our solutions support remote work, others are less efficient at doing so. We have embarked on an effort to make our solutions available on a SaaS platform however, this will require significant effort and investment and we cannot be sure that we will be able to make our solutions available as SaaS solutions as quickly as we expect or that customers will adopt them as we expect. If we are unable to compete successfully with competitors offering SaaS solutions, we could lose customers and/or fail to attract new customers, which could cause us to lose revenue and market share, which would adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 In addition, competitive pressures could cause us to reduce our prices, which could reduce our revenue and margins. 
 Finally, our current and potential competitors range from large and well-established companies to emerging start-ups. Some of our competitors and potential competitors have greater name recognition in the markets we serve and greater financial, technical, sales and marketing, and other resources, which could limit our ability to gain customer recognition and confidence in our products and solutions and successfully sell our products and solutions, which could adversely affect our ability to grow our business. 
 A breach of security in our products or computer systems, or those of our third-party service providers, could compromise the integrity of our products, cause loss of data, harm our reputation, create additional liability and adversely impact our financial results. 
 We have implemented and continue to implement measures intended to maintain the security and integrity of our products, source code and IT systems. The potential for a security breach or system disruption has significantly increased over time as the scope, number, intensity and sophistication of attempted cyberattacks and cyber intrusions have increased. We face cyberattacks and intrusions designed to access and exfiltrate information and to disrupt and lock-up access to systems for the purpose of demanding a ransom payment. Despite efforts to create security barriers to such threats, it is impossible for us to eliminate the risk of a successful cyberattack or intrusion, and, in fact, we deal with security issues on a regular basis and have experienced security incidents from time to time. Accordingly, there is a risk that a cyberattack or intrusion will be successful and that such event will be material. 
 In addition, we offer cloud services to our customers and some of our products, including our SaaS products, are hosted by third-party service providers, which expose us to additional risks as those repositories of our customers proprietary data may be targeted and a cyberattack or intrusion may be 
 7 

successful and material. Interception of data transmission, misappropriation or modification of data, corruption of data and attacks against our service providers may adversely affect our products or product and service delivery. Malicious code, viruses or vulnerabilities that are undetected by our service providers may disrupt our business operations generally and may have a disproportionate effect on those of our products that are developed and delivered in the cloud environment. 
 While we devote resources to maintaining the security and integrity of our products and systems, as well as performing due diligence of our third-party service providers, a significant breach of the security and/or integrity of our products or systems, or those of our third-party service providers, could prevent our products from functioning properly, could enable access to sensitive, proprietary or confidential information, including that of our customers, or could disrupt our business operations or those of our customers. This could require us to incur significant costs of investigation, remediation and/or payment of a ransom harm our reputation cause customers to stop buying our products and cause us to face lawsuits and potential liability, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We increasingly rely on third-party providers of cloud infrastructure services to deliver our offerings to users on our platform, and any disruption of or interference with our use of these services could adversely affect our business. 
 Our continued growth depends in part on the ability of our existing and potential customers to use and access our cloud services or our website in order to download our software or encrypted access keys for our software within an acceptable amount of time. We use a number of third-party service providers, which we do not control, for key components of our infrastructure, particularly with respect to development and delivery of our cloud-based products. The use of these service providers gives us greater flexibility in efficiently delivering a more tailored, scalable customer experience, but also exposes us to additional risks and vulnerabilities. Third-party service providers operate their own platforms that we access, and we are, therefore, vulnerable to their service interruptions. We may experience interruptions, delays and outages in service and availability from time to time as a result of problems with our third-party service providers infrastructure. Lack of availability of this infrastructure could be due to a number of potential causes including technical failures, natural disasters, fraud or security attacks that we cannot predict or prevent. Such outages could lead to the triggering of our service level agreements and the issuance of credits to our cloud-based product customers, which may impact our business and consolidated financial statements. 
 If we are unable to renew our agreements with our cloud service providers on commercially reasonable terms, or our agreement is prematurely terminated, or we need to add new cloud services providers to increase capacity and uptime, we could experience interruptions, downtime, delays, and additional expenses related to transferring to and providing support for these new platforms. Any of the above circumstances or events may harm our reputation and brand, reduce the availability or usage of our platforms and impair our ability to attract new users, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may be unable to hire or retain personnel with the necessary skills to operate and grow our business, which could adversely affect our ability to compete. 
 Our success depends upon our ability to attract and retain highly skilled managerial, sales and marketing, technical, financial and administrative personnel to operate and grow our business. Competition for such personnel in our industry is intense, particularly in the Boston, Massachusetts area where our global headquarters is located. 
 The technical personnel required to develop our products and solutions are in high demand, particularly technical personnel with augmented and virtual reality and analytics expertise as there are comparatively fewer persons with those skills. If we are unable to attract and retain technical personnel with the requisite skills, our product and solution development efforts could be delayed, which could adversely affect our ability to compete and thereby adversely affect our revenues and profitability. 
 8 

The managerial, sales and marketing, financial and administrative personnel necessary to guide our operations, market and sell our solutions and support our business operations are also in high demand due to the intense competition in our industry. 
 If we are unable to attract and retain the personnel we need to develop compelling products and solutions, and guide, operate and support our business, we may be unable to successfully compete in the marketplace, which would adversely affect our revenues and profitability. 
 
 The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may impact our business is uncertain and it could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact global economic activity and create macroeconomic uncertainty. Public and private sector policies and initiatives to reduce the transmission of COVID-19, such as the imposition of travel restrictions, temporary closures of businesses, and the adoption of remote working, have significantly changed the way we and our customers work. The effects and duration of this disruption remain uncertain. 
 While PTC was able to transition to remote working without significant disruption to our day-to-day operations, disruption to our customers and our prospects operations and the way we work with them have adversely affected our business. 
 Demand for our solutions declined and could decline further due to challenges associated with conducting in-person sales meetings and project scoping and implementation activities while social distancing measures are in place, which has deterred or prevented, and could further deter or prevent, customers from proceeding with new software purchases and deployments. Likewise, temporary plant closures, layoffs and furloughs at our customers and the challenges they face forecasting business needs in this time of global economic uncertainty have caused, and could continue to cause, our customers to delay or reduce new license purchases. 
 Longer term plant closures and layoffs among our customer base could cause existing subscription customers to renew fewer existing licenses when their subscriptions come up for renewal and could cause existing support customers to discontinue support at the time of renewal. If churn increases in the future, our ARR and financial results and condition could be negatively impacted. 
 Reductions in new subscription sales and/or renewals and in professional services delivered could reduce our ARR growth or cause our ARR to decline, and would reduce our professional services revenue, all of which would adversely affect our revenue, earnings and cash flow. Further prolonged disruption could continue to negatively impact the businesses of our customers and prospective customers and, therefore, our business and financial condition. 
 If our business declines due to the factors above, we could be required to reduce our expenses, which could result in material restructuring charges and/or reduce or delay investments in our business, including hiring. Reductions in our workforce and/or investments in our business could hamper our ability to recover and compete successfully, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 We depend on sales within the discrete manufacturing sector and our business could be adversely affected if manufacturing activity does not grow, or if it contracts, or if manufacturers are adversely affected by other economic factors. 
 A large amount of our sales are to customers in the discrete manufacturing sector. Manufacturers worldwide are facing increasing uncertainty about the global economic climate due to, among other factors, the COVID-19 pandemic and the geopolitical environment. In addition, within the technology industry the U.S. Administration s focus on technology transactions with non-U.S. entities and potential expanded prohibitions has created additional uncertainty. In light of these concerns, customers may delay, reduce or forego purchases of our solutions, which would adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 
 9 

If we fail to successfully manage our transition to a SaaS company, our business and financial results could be adversely affected. 
 Becoming a SaaS company requires considerable additional investment in our organization. Whether our transition will be successful and will accomplish our business and financial objectives is subject to uncertainties, including but not limited to: customer demand, attach and renewal rates, channel adoption, our ability to further develop and scale infrastructure, our ability to include functionality and usability in such offerings that address customer requirements, and our costs. If we are unable to successfully establish these new offerings and navigate our business transition due to these risks and uncertainties, our business and financial results could be adversely impacted. 
 Because our sales and operations are globally dispersed, we face additional compliance risks and any compliance failure could adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 We sell and deliver software and services, and maintain support operations, in many countries whose laws and practices differ from one another and are subject to unexpected changes. Managing these geographically dispersed operations requires significant attention and resources to ensure compliance with laws of those countries and those of the U.S. governing our activities in non-U.S. countries. 
 Those laws include, but are not limited to, anti-corruption laws and regulations (including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010), data privacy laws and regulations (including the European Union's General Data Privacy Regulation), and trade and economic sanctions laws and regulations (including laws administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control, the U.S. State Department, the U.S. Department of Commerce, the United Nations Security Council and other relevant sanctions authorities). Our compliance risks are heightened due to the go-to-market approach for our business that relies heavily on a partner ecosystem, the fact that we operate in, and are expanding into, countries with a higher incidence of corruption and fraudulent business practices than others, the fact that we deal with governments and state-owned business enterprises, and the fact that global enforcement of laws has significantly increased. 
 Accordingly, while we strive to maintain a comprehensive compliance program, we cannot guarantee that an employee, agent or business partner will not act in violation of our policies or U.S. or other applicable laws or that we may inadvertently violate such laws. Investigations of alleged violations of those laws can be expensive and disruptive. Violations of such laws can lead to civil and/or criminal prosecutions, substantial fines and other sanctions, including the revocation of our rights to continue certain operations, and also cause business and reputation loss, which could adversely affect our financial results and/or stock price. 
 II. Risks Related to Acquisitions and Strategic Relationships 
 Businesses we acquire may not generate the revenue and earnings we anticipate and may otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 We have acquired, and intend to continue to acquire, new businesses and technologies. If we fail to successfully integrate and manage the businesses and technologies we acquire, if an acquisition does not further our business strategy as we expect, or if a business we acquire has unexpected legal or financial liabilities, our operating results will be adversely affected. 
 The types of issues that we may face in integrating and operating the acquired business include: 

difficulties managing an acquired company s technologies or lines of business or entering new markets where we have limited or no prior experience or where competitors may have stronger market positions 

unanticipated operating difficulties in connection with the acquired entities, including potential declines in revenue of the acquired entity 

diversion of management and employee attention 

 10 

loss of key personnel and 

potential incompatibility of business cultures. 

 Further, if we do not achieve the expected return on our investments it could impair the intangible assets and goodwill that we recorded as part of an acquisition, which could require us to record a reduction to the value of those assets. 
 We may incur significant debt or issue a material amount of debt or equity securities to finance an acquisition, which could adversely affect our operating flexibility and financial statements. 
 If we were to incur a significant amount of debt whether by borrowing funds or issuing new debt securities to finance an acquisition, our interest expense, debt service requirements and leverage would increase significantly. The increases in these expenses and in our leverage could adversely impact our ability to operate the company as we might otherwise and to borrow additional amounts. 
 If we were to issue a significant amount of equity securities in connection with an acquisition, existing stockholders would be diluted and earnings per share could decrease. 
 Our inability to maintain or develop our strategic and technology relationships could adversely affect our business. 
 We have many strategic and technology relationships with other companies with which we work to offer complementary solutions and services, that market and sell our solutions, and that provide technologies that we embed in our solutions. We may not realize the expected benefits from these relationships and such relationships may be terminated by the other party. If these companies fail to perform or if a company terminates or substantially alters the terms of the relationship, we could suffer delays in product development, reduced sales or other operational difficulties and our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 III. Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 We may be unable to adequately protect our proprietary rights, which could adversely affect our business and our ability to compete effectively. 
 Our software products are proprietary. We protect our intellectual property rights in these items by relying on copyrights, trademarks, patents and common law safeguards, including trade secret protection, as well as restrictions on disclosures and transferability contained in our agreements with other parties. Despite these measures, the laws of all relevant jurisdictions may not afford adequate protection to our products and other intellectual property. In addition, we frequently encounter attempts by individuals and companies to pirate our software. If our measures to protect our intellectual property rights fail, others may be able to use those rights, which could reduce our competitiveness and revenues. 
 In addition, any legal action to protect our intellectual property rights that we may bring or be engaged in could be costly, may distract management from day-to-day operations and may lead to additional claims against us, and we may not succeed, all of which would materially adversely affect our operating results. 
 Intellectual property infringement claims could be asserted against us, which could be expensive to defend and could result in limitations on our use of the claimed intellectual property. 
 The software industry is characterized by frequent litigation regarding copyright, patent and other intellectual property rights. If a lawsuit of this type is filed, it could result in significant expense to us and divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel. We cannot be sure that we would prevail against any such asserted claims. If we did not prevail, we could be prevented from using the claimed intellectual property or be required to enter into royalty or licensing agreements, which might not be available on terms acceptable to us. In addition to possible claims with respect to our proprietary products, some of our products contain technology developed by and licensed from third parties and we may likewise be susceptible to infringement claims with respect to these third-party technologies. 
 11 

IV. Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as our ability to meet our payment obligations under our debt. 
 We have a significant amount of indebtedness. As of November 19, 2021, our total debt outstanding was approximately 1,450 billion, 1 billion of which was associated with the 3.625 Senior Notes and 4.000 Senior Notes (together, Senior Notes issued February 2020, which mature in February 2025 and 2028, respectively, and are unsecured, and 450 million of which was borrowed under our credit facility, which matures in February 2025. All amounts outstanding under the credit facility and the Senior Notes will be due and payable in full on their respective maturity dates. As of November 19, 2021, we had unused commitments under our credit facility of 550 million. PTC Inc. and one of our foreign subsidiaries are eligible borrowers under the credit facility and certain other foreign subsidiaries may become borrowers under our credit facility in the future, subject to certain conditions. 
 Specifically, our level of debt could: 

make it more difficult for us to satisfy our debt obligations and other ongoing business obligations, which may result in defaults 

result in an event of default if we fail to comply with the financial and other covenants contained in the agreements governing our debt instruments, which could result in all of our debt becoming immediately due and payable or require us to negotiate an amendment to financial or other covenants that could cause us to incur additional fees and expenses 

limit our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general corporate requirements 

reduce the availability of our cash to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes and limit our ability to obtain additional financing for these purposes 

increase our vulnerability to the impact of adverse economic and industry conditions 

expose us to the risk of increased interest rates as certain of our borrowings, including borrowings under the credit facility, are at variable rates of interest 

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, and increasing our vulnerability to, changes in our business, the industries in which we operate, and the overall economy 

place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to other, less leveraged competitors and 

increase our cost of borrowing. 

 Any of the above-listed factors could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to meet our payment obligations under our debt agreements. 
 Despite our current level of indebtedness, we and our subsidiaries may still be able to incur substantially more debt and other obligations. This could further exacerbate the risks to our financial condition described above. 
 We and our subsidiaries may be able to incur significant additional indebtedness and other obligations in the future, including secured debt. Although the credit agreement governing our credit facility contains restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions. The additional indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. In addition, the credit agreement and the indenture governing the Senior Notes will not prevent us from incurring obligations that do not constitute indebtedness. If new debt is added to our current debt levels, or we incur other obligations, the related risks that we now face could intensify. 
 12 

We may not be able to generate enough cash to service all our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful. 
 Our ability to make scheduled payments on or refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business, legislative, regulatory and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. We may be unable to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. 
 If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures or to dispose of material assets or operations, seek additional debt or equity capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. We may not be able to effect any such alternative measures, if necessary, on commercially reasonable terms or at all and, even if successful, those alternative actions may not allow us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. Our debt agreements restrict our ability to dispose of assets and use the proceeds from those dispositions and may also restrict our ability to raise debt or equity capital to be used to repay other indebtedness when it becomes due. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain proceeds in an amount sufficient to meet any debt service obligations then due. 
 Our inability to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our debt obligations, or to refinance our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all, would materially and adversely affect our financial position and results of operations and our ability to satisfy our debt obligations. 
 If we cannot make scheduled payments on our debt, we will be in default and the lenders under our credit facility could terminate their commitments to loan money, the lenders could foreclose against the assets securing their borrowings, the holders of our Senior Notes could declare all outstanding principal, premium, if any, and interest to be due and payable, and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. These events could result in a loss of your investment. 
 We are required to comply with certain financial and operating covenants under our debt agreements. Any failure to comply with those covenants could cause amounts borrowed to become immediately due and payable and/or prevent us from borrowing under the credit facility. 
 We are required to comply with specified financial and operating covenants under our debt agreements and to make payments under our debt, which limit our ability to operate our business as we otherwise might operate it. Our failure to comply with any of these covenants or to meet any debt payment obligations could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, would result in any amounts outstanding, including any accrued interest and/or unpaid fees, becoming immediately due and payable. We might not have enough working capital or liquidity to satisfy any repayment obligations if those obligations were accelerated. In addition, if we are not in compliance with the financial and operating covenants under the credit facility when we wish to borrow funds, we will be unable to borrow funds. 
 In addition, the financial and operating covenants under the credit facility may limit our ability to borrow funds, including for strategic acquisitions and share repurchases. 
 Our credit facility has variable interest tied to LIBOR and we could become subject to higher interest rates if the replacement rate we agree on with our banks is higher. 
 Borrowings under our revolving credit facility use the London Interbank Offering Rate (LIBOR) as a benchmark for establishing the interest rate. On March 5, 2021, the Intercontinental Exchange Benchmark Administration, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) regulated and authorized administrator of LIBOR, announced, and the FCA confirmed, that one week and two-month USD LIBOR settings will cease on December 31, 2021, and that the USD LIBOR panel for all other tenors will cease on June 30, 2023. 
 The credit facility provides a mechanism pursuant to which we and the administrative agent may agree, under certain circumstances, to transition to an alternate base rate borrowing or amend the 
 13 

credit facility to establish an alternate interest rate to LIBOR that includes consideration of the then-prevailing market convention for determining interest rates for syndicated loans in the United States at that time. 
 Although we believe the alternative rates will not materially increase the rates on our credit facility, the final agreed rate may increase the cost of our variable rate indebtedness. 
 V. Risks Related to Our Common Stock and Common Stock of Public Companies We Own 
 Our operating results fluctuate from quarter to quarter, making future operating results difficult to predict failure to meet market expectations could cause the price of our securities to decline. 
 Our quarterly operating results historically have fluctuated and are likely to continue to fluctuate depending on many factors, including: 

variability in our contracts, including timing of start dates, length of contracts, and mix of on-premises and cloud-based purchases, which would impact our revenue and earnings 

a high percentage of our orders historically have been generated in the third month of each fiscal quarter and any failure to receive, complete or process orders at the end of any quarter could cause us to fall short of our financial targets 

our adoption of Accounting Standards Update 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Topic 606 in 2019 creates significant revenue volatility 

a significant percentage of our orders comes from transactions with large customers, which tend to have long lead times that are less predictable 

because our operating expenses are largely fixed in the short term and are based on expected revenues, any failure to achieve our revenue targets could cause us to miss our earnings targets 

because a significant portion of our revenue and expenses are generated from outside the U.S., shifts in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely affect our reported results and 

we may incur significant expenses in a quarter in connection with corporate development initiatives, restructuring efforts or the investigation, defense or settlement of legal actions that would increase our operating expenses and reduce our earnings for the quarter in which those expenses are incurred. 

 Accordingly, our quarterly results are difficult to predict prior to the end of the quarter and we may be unable to confirm or adjust expectations with respect to our operating results for a quarter until that quarter has closed. Any failure to meet our quarterly revenue or earnings expectations could adversely impact the market price of our securities. 
 Our stock price has been volatile, which may make it harder to resell shares at a favorable time and price. 
 Market prices for securities of software companies are generally volatile and are subject to significant fluctuations that may be unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. Further, our stock price has been more volatile than that of other software companies. Accordingly, the trading prices and valuations of software companies stocks, and of ours, may not be predictable. Negative changes in the public s perception of the prospects of software companies, or of PTC or the markets we serve, could depress our stock price regardless of our operating results. 
 14 

Also, a large percentage of our common stock is held by institutional investors and by Rockwell Automation. Purchases and sales of our common stock by these investors could have a significant impact on the market price of the stock. For more information about those investors, please see our proxy statement with respect to our most recent annual meeting of stockholders and Schedules 13D and 13G filed with the SEC with respect to our common stock. 
 From time to time, we may acquire common stock in publicly traded companies as strategic investments. Owning such stock exposes us to the volatility, liquidity and other risks inherent in holding that stock. 
 From time to time, we may own common stock of publicly traded companies. We are required to present the value of such stock on our Consolidated Balance Sheet at their fair value at the end of each reporting period. The fair value of those shares may fluctuate due to the volatility of the stock market, changes in general economic conditions, and the performance of these publicly traded companies. We recognize all changes in the fair value of the owned shares (whether realized or unrealized) as gains or losses in our Consolidated Statement of Operations. Accordingly, changes in the fair value of the owned shares can materially impact the earnings we report, which introduces volatility in our earnings that is not associated with the results of our business operations. In particular, significant declines in the fair value of the owned shares would produce significant declines in our reported earnings. 
 The reported value of the owned shares does not necessarily reflect their lowest current market price. If we were forced to sell some or all of the owned shares in the market, there can be no assurance that we would be able to sell them at prices equivalent to the value that we have reported on our Consolidated Balance Sheet, and we may be forced to sell them at significantly lower prices. 
 VI. Risks Related to Our Senior Notes 
 Our Senior Notes are unsecured and do not limit our ability to incur indebtedness, which could reduce any payments to holders of the Senior Notes in connection with any insolvency, liquidation, reorganization, dissolution or other winding up of PTC. 
 Unlike the credit facility, which is secured, the Senior Notes are not secured. Although the indenture governing the Senior Notes limits our ability to incur secured debt, the covenant is subject to significant exceptions, and we may incur additional secured debt in the future. The effect of this subordination is that upon a default in payment on, or the acceleration of, any of our secured indebtedness, or in the event of bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation, dissolution or reorganization of our company (collectively, Adverse Events ), the proceeds from the sale of assets securing our secured indebtedness will be available to pay obligations on the Senior Notes only after all indebtedness under the credit facility and any other secured debt has been paid in full. As a result, the holders of the Senior Notes may receive less, ratably, than the holders of secured debt if an Adverse Event occurs. 
 In addition, the indenture governing the Senior Notes does not limit our ability to incur unsecured indebtedness. If we incur any additional indebtedness that ranks equally with the Senior Notes, subject to collateral arrangements, the holders of that debt will be entitled to share ratably with holders of the Senior Notes in any proceeds distributed in connection with any of the Adverse Events described above. This may reduce the amount of proceeds to holders of the Senior Notes. 
 Our Senior Notes are not guaranteed by any of our subsidiaries, which could adversely affect our ability to pay interest on or redeem the Senior Notes when due. 
 We conduct a substantial portion of our operations through our subsidiaries, none of which currently guarantees the Senior Notes. Accordingly, payment of interest on the Senior Notes and redemption of the Senior Notes is dependent on the generation of cash flow by our subsidiaries and their ability to make such cash available to us, by dividend, debt repayment or otherwise. Unless they become guarantors of the Senior Notes, our subsidiaries do not have any obligation to pay amounts due on the Senior Notes or to make funds available for that purpose. Our subsidiaries may not be able to, or may not be permitted to, make distributions to enable us to make payments in respect of the Senior Notes. Each subsidiary is a distinct legal entity, and, under certain circumstances, legal and contractual restrictions may limit our 
 15 

ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries. If we do not receive distributions from our subsidiaries, we may be unable to make required payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest on the Senior Notes . 
 Our Senior Notes are not listed on any national securities exchange or included in any automated quotation system, which could make it harder to resell the notes at a favorable time and price. 
 Our Senior Notes are not listed on any national securities exchange or included in any automated quotation system. As a result, an active market for the notes may not exist or be maintained, which would adversely affect the market price and liquidity of the notes. In that case, holders may not be able to sell their notes when they want to or at a favorable price. 
 The market for non-investment grade debt historically has been subject to severe disruptions that have caused substantial volatility in the prices of securities similar to the notes. The market, if any, for the notes may experience similar disruptions and any such disruptions may adversely affect the liquidity in that market or the prices at which the notes may be sold. 
 VII. General Risk Factors 
 Our international businesses present economic and operating risks, which could adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 We expect that our international operations will continue to expand and to account for a significant portion of our total revenue. Because we transact business in various foreign currencies, the volatility of foreign exchange rates has had and may in the future have a material adverse effect on our revenue, expenses and operating results. 
 Other risks inherent in our international operations include, but are not limited to, the following: 

difficulties in staffing and managing foreign sales and development operations 

possible future limitations upon foreign-owned businesses 

increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities 

inadequate local infrastructure and 

greater difficulty in protecting our intellectual property. 

 We may have exposure to additional tax liabilities and our effective tax rate may increase or fluctuate, which could increase our income tax expense and reduce our net income. 
 As a multinational organization, we are subject to income taxes as well as non-income based taxes in the U.S. and in various foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide income tax provision and other tax liabilities. In the ordinary course of a global business, there are many intercompany transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Our tax returns are subject to review by various taxing authorities. Although we believe that our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits or tax disputes could be different from what is reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals. 
 Our effective tax rate can be adversely affected by several factors, many of which are outside of our control, including: 

changes in tax laws, regulations, and interpretations in multiple jurisdictions in which we operate 

assessments, and any related tax interest or penalties, by taxing authorities 

changes in the relative proportions of revenues and income before taxes in the various jurisdictions in which we operate that have differing statutory tax rates 

changes to the financial accounting rules for income taxes 

 16 

unanticipated changes in tax rates and 

changes to a valuation allowance on net deferred tax assets, if any. 

ITEM 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

 None. 

ITEM 2. 
 
 Properties 

 We currently have 86 office locations used in operations in the United States and internationally, predominately as sales and/or support offices and for research and development work. Of our total of approximately 1,270,000 square feet of leased facilities used in operations, approximately 527,000 square feet are located in the U.S., including 250,000 square feet at our headquarters facility located in Boston, Massachusetts, and approximately 260,000 square feet are located in India, where a significant amount of our research and development is conducted. In addition, approximately 210,000 feet are associated with facilities that have been restructured, primarily our previous headquarters facility in Needham, Massachusetts. We believe that our facilities are adequate for our present and foreseeable needs. 

ITEM 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

 Information on legal proceedings can be found in Note 10. Commitments and Contingencies of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

 Not applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol "PTC." 
 On September 30, 2021, the close of our fiscal year, and on November 17, 2021, our common stock was held by 1,023 and 1,020 shareholders of record, respectively. 
 The table below shows the shares of our common stock we repurchased in the fourth quarter of 2021. 

Period 

Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased 

Average Price Paid per Share (or Unit) 

Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 

Approximate Dollar Value of Shares (or Units) that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) 

July 2021 

1,000,000,000 

August 2021 

225,909 

132.80 

225,909 

970,000,047 

September 2021 

970,000,047 

Total 

225,909 

132.80 

225,909 

970,000,047 

(1) 
 
 On November 13, 2020, the Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase up to 1 billion of our common stock in the period November 13, 2020 through September 30, 2023. 

ITEM 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 

 17 

ITEM 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Forward-Looking Statements 
 Statements in this Annual Report about anticipated financial results, capital developments and growth, as well as about the development of our products, markets and workforce, are forward-looking statements that are based on our current plans and assumptions. Important information about the bases for these plans and assumptions and factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from these statements is contained below and in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report. 
 Unless otherwise indicated, all references to a year reflect our fiscal year that ends on September 30. 
 Operating and Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Our discussion of results includes discussion of our ARR (Annual Run Rate) operating measure, non-GAAP financial measures, and disclosure of our results on a constant currency basis. ARR and our non-GAAP financial measures, including the reasons we use those measures, are described below in Results of Operations - Operating Measure and Results of Operations - Non-GAAP Financial Measures, respectively. The methodology used to calculate constant currency disclosures is described in Results of Operations - Impact of Foreign Currency Exchange on Results of Operations. You should read those sections to understand our operating measure, non-GAAP financial measures, and constant currency disclosures. 
 Executive Overview 
 ARR increased 16 (actual and constant currency) to 1,475 million in FY 21 compared to the end of FY 20. Excluding the impact of Arena, which was acquired in the second quarter of FY 21, our organic constant currency ARR growth was 12 in FY 21 compared to FY 20. Organic churn improved approximately 130 basis points year over year, primarily driven by strong execution in CAD, PLM, FSG and modest continued improvement in IoT and AR. 
 FY 21 revenue of 1.81 billion increased 24 over FY 20 (20 in constant currency). Our FY 21 revenue was positively impacted by ASC 606 as longer contract durations and support to subscription conversions increased the amount of upfront subscription license revenue recognized in the year. FY 21 operating margin of 21 increased approximately 700 basis points over FY 20 due to strong revenue performance as strong product differentiation improved sales and renewals, while maintaining good discipline on our operating expense structure. FY 21 diluted EPS more than doubled year over year to 4.03, due in part to a gain of 69 million related to common stock we own in a publicly-traded company, the release of a 137 million valuation allowance related to our deferred tax assets in the U.S., and a non-cash tax benefit of 42 million related to our Arena acquisition. 
 FY 21 operating cash flow of 369 million grew 58 over FY 20 FY 21 free cash flow of 344 million grew 61 over FY 20. Operating cash flow and free cash flow included an 18 million outflow related to a foreign tax dispute, 15 million of acquisition-related costs, and 15 million of restructuring payments. We ended FY 21 with cash and cash equivalents of 327 million. In addition, we held a 78 million equity investment in Matterport, Inc., currently subject to trading restrictions. We ended FY 21 with gross debt of 1.45 billion, with an aggregate interest rate of 3.2 . 
 Results of Operations 
 The following table shows the financial measures that we consider the most significant indicators of our business performance. In addition to providing operating income, operating margin, diluted earnings per share and cash from operations as calculated under GAAP, we provide non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share, and free cash flow for the reported periods. We also provide a view of our actual results on a constant currency basis. These non-GAAP financial measures exclude the items described in Non-GAAP Financial Measures below. Investors should use these non-GAAP financial measures only in conjunction with our GAAP results. 
 18 

For discussion of FY 20 results and comparison with FY 19 results , refer to Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020 . 

(Dollar amounts in millions, except per share data) 

Year ended September 30, 

Percent Change 

2021 

2020 

Actual 

Constant Currency (1) 

ARR 

1,474.7 

1,270.0 

16 

16 

Total recurring revenue 

1,616.3 

1,281.9 

26 

22 

Perpetual license 

33.0 

32.7 

1 

(1 

Professional services 

157.8 

143.8 

10 

5 

Total revenue 

1,807.2 

1,458.4 

24 

20 

Total cost of revenue 

371.1 

334.3 

11 

9 

Gross margin 

1,436.1 

1,124.1 

28 

23 

Operating expenses 

1,055.3 

913.2 

16 

14 

Operating income 

380.7 

210.9 

81 

63 

Non-GAAP operating income (1) 

634.4 

423.4 

50 

42 

Operating margin 

21.1 

14.5 

Non-GAAP operating margin (1) 

35.1 

29.0 

Diluted earnings per share 

4.03 

1.12 

Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share (1)(2) 

3.97 

2.57 

Cash flow from operations (3) 

368.8 

233.8 

Free cash flow (4) 

344.1 

213.6 

(1) 
 
 See Non-GAAP Financial Measures below for a reconciliation of our GAAP results to our non-GAAP measures and Impact of Foreign Currency Exchange on Results of Operations below for a description of how we calculate our results on a constant currency basis. 

(2) 
 
 In FY 21 and FY 20 our GAAP results included tax benefits of 179.7 million and 21.2 million, respectively. The FY 21 results include a 137.4 million benefit related to the release of the valuation allowance on the majority of our U.S. deferred tax assets and a 42.3 million benefit related to the release of a valuation allowance resulting from the Arena acquisition. The FY 20 results include a 21.2 million benefit related to the release of a valuation allowance resulting from the Onshape acquisition. As the non-GAAP tax provision is calculated assuming that there is no valuation allowance, these benefits have been excluded. Income tax adjustments reflect the tax effects of non-GAAP adjustments which are calculated by applying the applicable tax rate by jurisdiction to the non-GAAP adjustments listed above. Additionally, our non-GAAP results for FY'21 exclude tax expense of 34.8 million related to a non-U.S. prior period tax exposure, primarily related to foreign withholding taxes. 

(3) 
 
 Cash flow from operations for FY 21 and FY 20 includes 14.5 million and 42 million of restructuring payments, respectively. Cash from operations for FY 21 and FY 20 includes 15.0 million and 9.6 million of acquisition-related payments, respectively. Cash from operations for FY 21 includes 17.9 million in un-forecasted payments related to the prior period tax exposure from a non-U.S. tax dispute. 

(4) 
 
 Free cash flow is cash from operations net of capital expenditures of 24.7 million and 20.2 million in FY 21 and FY 20, respectively. 

 Impact of Foreign Currency Exchange on Results of Operations 
 Approximately 60 of our revenue and 40 of our expenses are transacted in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Because we report our results of operations in U.S. Dollars, currency translation, particularly changes in the Euro, Yen, Shekel, and Rupee relative to the U.S. Dollar, affects our reported results. Our constant currency disclosures are calculated by multiplying the results in local currency for FY 21 and FY 20 by the exchange rates in effect on September 30, 2020, excluding the effect of any hedging. If FY'21 reported results were converted into U.S. dollars based on this methodology, FY'21 revenue would have been lower by 20 million and expenses would have been lower by 8 million. The net impact on year-over-year results would have been a decrease in operating income of 12 million in FY'21. 
 The results of operations in the table above and revenue by line of business, product group, and geographic region in the tables that follow present both actual percentage changes year over year and percentage changes on a constant currency basis. 
 Revenue 
 Our revenue results period to period are impacted by contract terms, including the duration and start dates of our subscription contracts, due to up-front recognition of subscription license revenue. We are expanding our SaaS offerings and are releasing additional cloud functionality into our products. As a 
 19 

result, our revenue will be impacted over time as a higher portion of our sales will be from cloud services, which are recognized ratably. 
 Revenue by Line of Business 

(Dollar amounts in millions) 

Year ended September 30, 

Percent Change 

2021 

2020 

Actual 

Constant 
 Currency 

License (1) 

738.1 

509.8 

45 

40 

Support (2) and cloud services 

911.3 

804.8 

13 

10 

Total software revenue 

1,649.3 

1,314.6 

25 

22 

Professional services 

157.8 

143.8 

10 

5 

Total revenue 

1,807.2 

1,458.4 

24 

20 

(1) 
 
 Includes perpetual licenses and the license portion of subscription sales. 

(2) 
 
 Includes support on perpetual licenses and the support portion of subscription sales. 

Software revenue increased in FY 21 compared to FY 20 due to subscription revenue growth of 42 (38 constant currency), offset by an 18 decline in perpetual support revenue (21 constant currency) due to conversions of perpetual support contracts to subscriptions. Arena acquired in the second quarter, contributed approximately 29 million in FY 21. In FY 21, license revenue growth was primarily driven by contracts with longer durations. 
 Professional services engagements typically result from sales of new licenses and software upgrades revenue is recognized over the term of the engagement. Our expectation is that professional services revenue will trend flat-to-down over time due to our strategy to expand margins by migrating more services engagements to our partners and delivering products that require less consulting and training services. 
 Professional services revenue grew in FY 21 by 10 (5 constant currency) where FY 20 revenue was negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, FY 21 benefited from increased delivery activity associated with PLM deployments. 
 Revenue and ARR by Product Group 

Software Revenue by Product Group 

(Dollar amounts in millions) 

Year ended September 30, 

Percent Change 

2021 

2020 

Actual 

Constant 
 Currency 

Core (CAD and PLM) 

1,161.7 

947.1 

23 

19 

Growth (IoT, AR, Onshape, Arena) 

277.4 

183.8 

51 

48 

FSG (Focused Solutions Group) 

210.2 

183.7 

14 

11 

Total Software revenue 

1,649.3 

1,314.6 

25 

22 

Core product software revenue growth in FY 21 compared to FY 20 was driven by subscription revenue growth of 39 (34 constant currency), offset by expected declines in perpetual support revenue of 20 (23 constant currency) due in part to ongoing perpetual support contract conversions to subscription. 
 ARR increased 11 (12 constant currency) for FY 21 compared to FY 20, reflecting solid ARR growth for both PLM (13 actual,14 constant currency) and CAD (10 actual and constant currency) as customers pursue their digital transformation initiatives. 
 Growth product software revenue growth in FY 21 was driven by subscription revenue growth of 67 (63 constant currency) compared to the year-ago period, driven primarily by IoT and contribution from Arena. 
 Growth product ARR increased 50 (actual and constant currency) for FY 21 compared to FY 20, due in part to a 59 million contribution from Arena. Excluding Arena, organic ARR growth was 17 (18 
 20 

constant currency), reflecting 1 5 (1 6 constant currency) growth in IoT and 16 actual and constant currency) growth in AR. 
 FSG product software revenue growth in FY 21 compared to FY 20 was primarily driven by subscription revenue growth of 34 (31 constant currency), offset by a decline in perpetual support revenue of 15 (17 constant currency) due to conversions of perpetual support contracts to subscriptions. 
 FSG product ARR increased 6 (actual and constant currency) for FY 21 compared to FY 20. 
 Software Revenue & ARR by Geographic Region 
 A significant portion of our software revenue is generated outside the U.S. In both FY 21 and FY 20, approximately 40 to 45 of software revenue was generated in the Americas, 35 to 40 in Europe, and 20 in Asia Pacific. 

(Dollar amounts in millions) 

Year ended September 30, 

Percent Change 

2021 

2020 

Actual 

Constant 
 Currency 

Americas 

710.7 

592.7 

20 

20 

Europe 

645.8 

482.5 

34 

25 

Asia Pacific 

292.8 

239.4 

22 

19 

Total Software revenue 

1,649.3 

1,314.6 

25 

22 

Americas software revenue growth in FY 21 was driven by growth in subscription revenue of 34 (actual and constant currency) as compared to FY 20 , partially offset by a decline of 26 (actual and constant currency) in perpetual support revenue, due to conversions of perpetual support contracts to subscriptions, resulting in recurring revenue growth of 21 (actual and constant currency). 
 Americas ARR was up 19 , led by double-digit growth in Core products and Arena. 
 Europe software revenue growth in FY 21 was driven by growth in subscription revenue of 5 6 (46 constant currency) as compared to FY 20, partially offset by a decline of 16 (21 constant currency) in perpetual support revenue, resulting in recurring revenue growth of 35 (26 constant currency). 
 ARR in Europe was up 13 constant currency, led by high-single digit growth in Core products, low-40s growth in Growth products, and double-digit growth in FSG. 
 Asia Pacific software revenue growth in FY 21 was driven by subscription revenue growth of 36 (32 constant currency) as compared to FY 20, partially offset by a decline of 9 (12 constant currency) in perpetual support revenue, resulting in recurring revenue growth of 22 (18 constant currency). 
 ARR in Asia Pacific was up 17 constant currency, led by mid-teens growth in Core products and low-30s growth in Growth products. 
 21 

Gross Margin 

(Dollar amounts in millions) 

Year ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

Percent Change 

Gross margin: 

License gross margin 

676.3 

456.6 

48 

License gross margin percentage 

92 

90 

Support and cloud services gross margin 

747.2 

659.4 

13 

Support and cloud services gross margin percentage 

82 

82 

Professional services 

12.6 

8.1 

55 

Professional services gross margin percentage 

8 

6 

Total gross margin 

1,436.1 

1,124.1 

28 

Total gross margin percentage 

79 

77 

Non-GAAP gross margin (1) 

1,485.1 

1,165.5 

27 

Non-GAAP gross margin percentage (1) 

82 

80 

(1) 
 
 Non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled to GAAP results under Non-GAAP Financial Measures below. 

 License gross margin increased in FY 21 compared to FY 20 due to subscription license revenue increasing significantly as a result of longer subscription term durations, offset by increased royalty expense due to the mix of products sold and higher intangible amortization due to the Arena acquisition. 
 Support and cloud services gross margin percentage is flat in FY 21 compared to FY 20, while gross margin contribution increased from FY 20 to FY 21 reflecting an increase in subscription support and cloud revenue, offset by a decrease in perpetual support revenue, higher compensation costs, and an increase in costs associated with our cloud services business due to greater demand for those services. 
 Professional services gross margin increased in FY 21 compared to FY 20 primarily due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on FY 20 resulting in a year-over-year increase in revenue and lower travel costs in FY 21, partially offset by higher compensation and outside services costs. 
 
 Operating Expenses 

(Dollar amounts in millions) 

Year ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

Percent Change 

Sales and marketing 

517.8 

435.5 

19 

of total revenue 

29 

30 

Research and development 

299.9 

256.6 

17 

of total revenue 

17 

18 

General and administrative 

206.0 

159.8 

29 

of total revenue 

11 

11 

Amortization of acquired intangible assets 

29.4 

28.7 

2 

of total revenue 

2 

2 

Restructuring and other charges, net 

2.2 

32.7 

(93 

of total revenue 

0 

2 

Total operating expenses 

1,055.3 

913.3 

16 

Total headcount increased by 7.5 in FY 21 to 6,709 from 6,243 at the end of FY 20. Headcount at the end of FY 21 includes approximately 180 people from Arena and other smaller acquisitions. 
 Operating expenses in FY'21 compared to FY'20 increased primarily due to the following: 

a 142.3 million increase in compensation expense (including benefit costs), primarily driven by: 

a 56.8 million (56 increase in stock-based compensation expense, 

 22 

a 55.4 million (14 increase in salaries due to higher headcount and merit increases as well as 10.3 million from Arena , 

a 15.8 million increase (17 in benefits, of which 1.8 million is related to Arena, 

a 12.3 million (114 increase in cash bonus expense due to higher attainment and includes 1.2 million from Arena, 

a 9.7 million (17 increase in commissions due to additional amortization of capitalized commissions 

a 7.8 million (39 increase in professional fees 

a 6.8 million (55 increase in internal hosting costs 

a 6.4 million increase in acquisition-related charges, which are included in general and administrative costs and 

a 4.3 million (16 increase in marketing expense 

 partially offset by: 

a 28.8 million decrease in restructuring charges. 

 Stock-based compensation was higher in FY 21 compared to FY 20 primarily due to higher estimated attainment under performance-based incentive compensation and more time-based awards outstanding in FY 21. Cash bonus expense was also higher in FY 21 compared to FY 20 due to higher attainment under the FY 21 bonus plan. 
 Interest Expense 

(Dollar amounts in millions) 

Year ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

Percent Change 

Interest and debt premium expense 

(50.5 

(76.4 

(34 

Interest expense includes interest under our credit facility and senior notes. Interest expense was lower in FY 21 as FY 20 included 15 million of expense related to penalties for the early redemption of the 6.000 Senior Notes due 2024, with higher balances in FY 21 partially offset by lower rates. We had 1,450 million of total debt at September 30, 2021, compared to 1,018 million at September 30, 2020. For additional detail on the changes in our debt structure, see Note 9. Debt , included in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. 
 The average interest rate on our total borrowings was 3.3 in FY'21 and 4.3 in FY'20. 
 Other Income (Expense) 

(Dollar amounts in millions) 

Year ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

Percent Change 

Interest income 

1.8 

3.8 

(54 

Other income (expense), net 

59.7 

(3.5 

(1830 

Other income, net 

61.5 

0.3 

16464 

Interest income represents earnings on the investment of our available cash and marketable securities. 
 Other expense, net includes foreign currency gains and losses and other non-operating gains and losses. In FY 21, we recorded a 69 million non-operating gain related to an equity investment in Matterport, Inc., which will continue to fluctuate. Foreign currency gains and losses include costs of hedging contracts, certain realized and unrealized foreign currency transaction gains or losses, and foreign exchange gains or losses resulting from the required period-end currency remeasurement of the assets and liabilities of our subsidiaries that use the U.S. dollar as their functional currency. 
 23 

Income Taxes 

(Dollar amounts in millions) 

Year ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

Percent Change 

Income before income taxes 

391.8 

134.7 

191 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

(85.2 

4.0 

(2223 

Effective income tax rate 

(22 

3 

In FY 21 and FY 20, our tax rate differed from the U.S. statutory federal income tax rate due to our corporate structure in which our foreign taxes are at a net effective tax rate lower than the U.S. rate. A significant amount of our foreign earnings is generated by our subsidiaries organized in Ireland and the Cayman Islands. In FY 21 and FY 20 the foreign rate differential predominantly relates to those earnings. 
 In FY 21, in addition to the foreign rate differential, our tax rate differed from the statutory federal income tax rate due to the release of the valuation allowance on the majority of our U.S. net deferred tax assets, the net effects of the Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income (GILTI) and Foreign Derived Intangible Income (FDII) regimes (together referred to as U.S. Tax reform), and the excess tax benefit related to stock-based compensation. 
 In FY 20, in addition to the foreign rate differential, our tax rate differed from the statutory federal income tax rate due to U.S. tax reform, the excess tax benefit related to stock-based compensation and the indirect effects of the adoption of ASC 606. Additionally, we recorded benefits for the reduction of the U.S. valuation allowance as a result of the Onshape acquisition. A further reduction to the valuation allowance was also recorded to reflect the impact from the scheduling of the reversal of existing temporary differences resulting in deferred tax liabilities that cannot be offset against deferred tax assets. 
 Our results for the twelve months ended September 30, 2021 include a charge of 37.3 million related to the effects of a tax matter in the Republic of Korea (South Korea) of 34.4 million, and the resulting impact on U.S. income taxes of 2.9 million. The charge relates to an assessment with respect to various tax issues, primarily foreign withholding taxes, that was under appeal in South Korea. We received an assessment of approximately 12 million from the tax authorities in South Korea in the fourth quarter of 2016 for the years 2011 to 2015 and paid the assessment in the first quarter of 2017. We appealed that assessment to an intermediate appellate court. In December 2020, our appeal to that court - the Seoul High Court - was rejected. We appealed this decision to the Supreme Court of the Republic of Korea. In May 2021, the Supreme Court denied our request for a review of the case. Therefore, the decision of the Seoul High Court was deemed final. We made additional payments of approximately 20 million to the tax authorities in South Korea in FY 21 for the years 2016 to 2021 in settlement of the amounts previously accrued. 
 Operating Measure 
 ARR 
 ARR (Annual Run Rate) represents the annualized value of our portfolio of active subscription software, cloud, SaaS, and support contracts as of the end of the reporting period. ARR includes orders placed under our Strategic Alliance Agreement with Rockwell Automation, including orders placed to satisfy contractual minimum commitments. 
 We believe ARR is a valuable operating metric to measure the health of a subscription business because it captures expected subscription and support cash generation from customers. Because this measure represents the annualized value of customer contracts as of a point in time, it does not represent revenue for any particular period or remaining revenue that will be recognized in future periods. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 The non-GAAP financial measures presented in the discussion of our results of operations and the respective most directly comparable GAAP measures are: 

free cash flow cash flow from operations 

 24 

non-GAAP gross margin GAAP gross margin 

non-GAAP operating income GAAP operating income 

non-GAAP operating margin GAAP operating margin 

non-GAAP net income GAAP net income 

non-GAAP diluted earnings or loss per share GAAP diluted earnings or loss per share 

 Free cash flow is cash flow from operations net of capital expenditures, which are expenditures for property and equipment and consist primarily of facility improvements, office equipment, computer equipment, and software. We believe that free cash flow, in conjunction with cash from operations, is a useful measure of liquidity since capital expenditures are a necessary component of ongoing operations. 
 The non-GAAP financial measures other than free cash flow exclude, as applicable: stock-based compensation expense amortization of acquired intangible assets acquisition-related and other transactional charges included in general and administrative expenses restructuring and other charges, net non-operating charges and income tax adjustments. 
 The items excluded from these non-GAAP financial measures are normally included in the comparable measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. Our management excludes these items when evaluating our ongoing performance and/or predicting our earnings trends, and therefore excludes them when presenting non-GAAP financial measures. Management uses non-GAAP financial measures in conjunction with our GAAP results, as should investors. 
 Stock-based compensation is a non-cash expense relating to stock-based awards issued to executive officers, employees and outside directors, consisting of restricted stock units. We exclude this expense as it is a non-cash expense and we assess our internal operations excluding this expense and believe it facilitates comparisons to the performance of other companies in our industry. 
 Amortization of acquired intangible assets is a non-cash expense that is impacted by the timing and magnitude of our acquisitions. We believe the assessment of our operations excluding these costs is relevant to our assessment of internal operations and comparisons to the performance of other companies in our industry. 
 Acquisition-related and other transactional charges included in general and administrative expenses are direct costs of potential and completed acquisitions and expenses related to acquisition integration activities, including transaction fees, due diligence costs, severance and professional fees. Subsequent adjustments to our initial estimated amount of contingent consideration associated with specific acquisitions are also included within acquisition-related charges. Other transactional charges include third-party costs related to structuring unusual transactions. We do not include these costs when reviewing our operating results internally. The occurrence and amount of these costs will vary depending on the timing and size of acquisitions. 
 Restructuring and other charges, net includes excess facility restructuring charges (credits) impairment and accretion expense charges related to the lease assets of exited facilities sublease income from previously impaired facilities and severance costs resulting from reductions of personnel and third-party professional consulting fees related to modifications of our business strategy. These costs may vary in size based on our restructuring plan. 
 Non-operating charges (credits). In Q4 21, we recorded a 69 million gain related to our equity investment in Matterport, Inc., which will continue to fluctuate based on the market value of the investment. In FY 20, we incurred an early redemption interest penalty and wrote off debt issuance costs, both of which were related to the settlement of the 6.000 Senior Notes due 2024. These items are excluded from our non-GAAP financial measures as they are non-ordinary course in nature and not included in management s review of our results. 
 25 

Income tax adjustments include the tax impact of the items above and assumes that we are profitable on a non-GAAP basis in the U.S. and one foreign jurisdiction. It also eliminates the effect of the valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets in those jurisdictions. Additionally, we exclude other material tax items that we do not include when reviewing our operating results internally. 
 We use these non-GAAP financial measures, and we believe that they assist our investors, to make period-to-period comparisons of our operational performance because they provide a view of our operating results without items that are not, in our view, indicative of our core operating results. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help illustrate underlying trends in our business, and we use the measures to establish budgets and operational goals (communicated internally and externally) for managing our business and evaluating our performance. We believe that providing non-GAAP financial measures also affords investors a view of our operating results that may be more easily compared to the results of other companies in our industry that use similar financial measures to supplement their GAAP results. 
 The items excluded from the non-GAAP financial measures often have a material impact on our financial results and such items often recur. Accordingly, the non-GAAP financial measures included in this Annual Report should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for or superior to, the comparable measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. The following tables reconcile each of these non-GAAP financial measures to its most closely comparable GAAP measure on our financial statements. 

(in millions, except per share amounts) 

Year ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

GAAP gross margin 

1,436.1 

1,124.1 

Stock-based compensation 

19.3 

14.0 

Amortization of acquired intangible assets included in cost of revenue 

29.8 

27.4 

Non-GAAP gross margin 

1,485.1 

1,165.5 

GAAP operating income 

380.7 

210.9 

Stock-based compensation 

177.3 

115.1 

Amortization of acquired intangible assets included in cost of revenue 

29.8 

27.4 

Amortization of acquired intangible assets 

29.4 

28.7 

Acquisition-related and other transactional charges included in general and administrative expenses 

15.0 

8.6 

Restructuring and other charges, net 

2.2 

32.7 

Non-GAAP operating income 

634.4 

423.4 

GAAP net income 

476.9 

130.7 

Stock-based compensation 

177.3 

115.1 

Amortization of acquired intangible assets included in cost of revenue 

29.8 

27.4 

Amortization of acquired intangible assets 

29.4 

28.7 

Acquisition-related and other transactional charges included in general and administrative expenses 

15.0 

8.6 

Restructuring and other charges, net 

2.2 

32.7 

Non-operating charges (credits) (1) 

(68.8 

18.5 

Income tax adjustments (2) 

(191.6 

(63.3 

Non-GAAP net income 

470.2 

298.4 

GAAP diluted earnings per share 

4.03 

1.12 

Stock-based compensation 

1.50 

0.99 

Total amortization of acquired intangible assets 

0.50 

0.48 

Acquisition-related and other transactional charges included in general and administrative expenses 

0.13 

0.07 

Restructuring and other charges, net 

0.02 

0.28 

Non-operating charges (credits) (1) 

(0.58 

0.16 

Income tax adjustments (2) 

(1.62 

(0.54 

Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share 

3.97 

2.57 

(1) 
 
 In FY 21, we recorded a 69 million gain on common stock we own in a public company. In FY 20, we recognized 15 million of expense related to penalties for the early redemption of the 6.000 Senior Notes due in 2024 and wrote off approximately 3 million of related debt issuance costs. 

(2) 
 
 In FY 21 and FY 20 our GAAP results included tax benefits of 179.7 million and 21.2 million, respectively. The FY 21 results include a 137.4 million benefit related to the release of the valuation allowance on the majority of our U.S. deferred tax assets and a 42.3 million benefit related to the release of a valuation allowance resulting from the Arena acquisition. The FY 20 results include a 21.2 million benefit related to the release of a valuation allowance resulting from the Onshape acquisition. As the non-GAAP tax provision is calculated assuming that there is no valuation allowance, these benefits have been excluded. 

 26 

Income tax adjustments reflect the tax effects of non-GAAP adjustments which are calculated by applying the applicable tax rate by jurisdiction to the non-GAAP adjustments listed above. Additionally, our non-GAAP results for FY'21 exclude tax expense of 34.8 million related to a non-U.S. prior period tax exposure, primarily related to foreign withholding taxes. 

 Operating margin impact of non-GAAP adjustments: 

Year ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

GAAP operating margin 

21.1 

14.5 

Stock-based compensation 

9.8 

7.9 

Total amortization of acquired intangible assets 

3.3 

3.8 

Acquisition-related and other transactional charges included in general and administrative expenses 

0.8 

0.6 

Restructuring and other charges, net 

0.1 

2.2 

Non-GAAP operating margin 

35.1 

29.0 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 We have prepared our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In preparing our financial statements, we make estimates, assumptions and judgments that can have a significant impact on our reported revenues, results of operations, and net income, as well as on the value of certain assets and liabilities on our balance sheet. These estimates, assumptions and judgments are made based on our historical experience and on other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates may change as new events occur or additional information is obtained, and we may periodically be faced with uncertainties, the outcomes of which are not within our control and may not be known for a prolonged period of time. 
 The accounting policies, methods and estimates used to prepare our financial statements are described generally in Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. The most important accounting judgments and estimates that we made in preparing the financial statements involved: 

revenue recognition 

accounting for income taxes and 

valuation of assets and liabilities acquired in business combinations. 

 A critical accounting policy is one that is both material to the presentation of our financial statements and requires us to make subjective or complex judgments that could have a material effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Critical accounting policies require us to make assumptions about matters that are uncertain at the time of the estimate, and different estimates that we could have used, or changes in the estimates that are reasonably likely to occur, may have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. Because the use of estimates is inherent in the financial reporting process, actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 Accounting policies, guidelines and interpretations related to our critical accounting policies and estimates are generally subject to numerous sources of authoritative guidance and are often reexamined by accounting standards rule makers and regulators. These rule makers and/or regulators may promulgate interpretations, guidance or regulations that may result in changes to our accounting policies, which could have a material impact on our financial position and results of operations. 
 27 

Revenue Recognition 
 We record revenues in accordance with the guidance provided by ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . For a full description of our revenue accounting policy, refer to Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , included in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. 
 Our sources of revenue include: (1) subscriptions, (2) perpetual licenses, (3) support for perpetual licenses and (4) professional services. Subscriptions include term-based on-premises licenses, Software-as-a-Service (SaaS), and hosting services. 
 Judgments and Estimates 
 Determination of performance obligations. Our subscriptions are frequently sold as a bundle of products and services, typically pairing on-premises term software licenses with support and/or cloud services over the same term. On-premises software is typically determined to be a distinct performance obligation and is thus recognized separately from the support and/or cloud components. On-premises license software revenue is generally recognized at the point in time that the software is made available to the customer, while the support and cloud software revenue components are recognized over the term of the contract. In cases where subscriptions include cloud functionality and on-premises software, an assessment has been performed to determine whether the cloud services are distinct from the on-premises software. In the substantial majority of instances, cloud services provide incremental functionality to customers and have been considered distinct and recognized separately from the on-premises software. This assessment could have a significant impact on the timing of revenue recognition and may change as our product offerings evolve. 
 Allocation of transaction price. We estimate the standalone selling price of each identified performance obligation and use that estimate to allocate the transaction price among said performance obligations. The estimated standalone selling price is determined using all information reasonably available to us, including market conditions and other observable inputs. Significant judgment is used in determining the standalone selling prices of the on-premises license, support, and cloud components of our subscription products. These estimates are subject to change as our product offerings change and could have a significant impact due to the difference in the timing of revenue recognition for on-premises licenses and support and/or cloud. 
 Right to exchange. Our multi-year, non-cancellable on-premises subscription contracts provide customers with an annual right to exchange software within the original subscription with other software. We account for this right as a refund liability. For most contracts, we use the expected value method to determine the refund liability associated with this right across a portfolio of contracts. Where contracts are outside of the standard portfolio of contracts due to contract size, longer contract duration, or other unique contractual terms, we use the most likely amount method to determine the refund liability for each individual contract. In both circumstances, the transaction price is constrained based on our estimates, which impacts the amount of revenue recognized. Changes in these estimates could significantly impact revenue for any given period. 
 Accounting for Income Taxes 
 As part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, we are required to calculate our income tax expense based on taxable income by jurisdiction. There are many transactions and calculations about which the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain as a result, our calculations involve estimates by management. Some of these uncertainties arise as a consequence of revenue-sharing, cost-reimbursement and transfer pricing arrangements among related entities and the differing tax treatment of revenue and cost items across various jurisdictions. If we were compelled to revise or to account differently for our arrangements, that revision could affect our recorded tax liabilities. 
 The income tax accounting process also involves estimating our actual current tax liability, together with assessing temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items for tax and accounting purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are included within our consolidated balance sheets. We must then assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be 
 28 

recovered from future taxable income and, to the extent we believe that it is more likely than not that all or a portion of our deferred tax assets will not be realized, we must establish a valuation allowance as a charge to income tax expense. 
 As of September 30, 2021, we have a valuation allowance of 17.7 million against net deferred tax assets in the U.S. and a valuation allowance of 34.4 million against net deferred tax assets in certain foreign jurisdictions. We have concluded, based on the weight of available evidence, that a full valuation allowance is no longer required against our U.S. net deferred tax assets as they are more likely than not to be realized in the future. We will continue to reassess our valuation allowance requirements each financial reporting period. 
 The valuation allowance recorded against net deferred tax assets of certain foreign jurisdictions is established primarily for our capital loss carryforwards, the majority of which do not expire. However, there are limitations imposed on the utilization of such capital losses that could further restrict the recognition of any tax benefits. 
 Prior to the passage of the U.S. Tax Act, the Company asserted that substantially all of the undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries were considered indefinitely invested and accordingly, no deferred taxes were provided. Pursuant to the provisions of the U.S. Tax Act, these earnings were subjected to a one-time transition tax and there is therefore no longer a material cumulative basis difference associated with the undistributed earnings. We maintain our assertion to permanently reinvest these earnings outside the U.S. unless repatriation can be done substantially tax-free, with the exception of a foreign holding company formed in 2018 and our Taiwan subsidiary. If we decide to repatriate any additional non-U.S. earnings in the future, we may be required to establish a deferred tax liability on such earnings. The amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability on the undistributed earnings would not be material. 
 In the normal course of business, PTC and its subsidiaries are examined by various taxing authorities, including the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) in the U.S. We regularly assess the likelihood of additional assessments by tax authorities and provide for these matters as appropriate. We are currently under audit by tax authorities in several jurisdictions. Audits by tax authorities typically involve examination of the deductibility of certain permanent items, transfer pricing, limitations on net operating losses and tax credits. Although we believe our tax estimates are appropriate, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could result in material changes in our estimates. 
 Valuation of Assets and Liabilities Acquired in Business Combinations 
 In accordance with business combination accounting, we allocate the purchase price of acquired companies to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values. Determining these fair values requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. 
 Our identifiable intangible assets acquired consist of developed technology, core technology, tradenames, customer lists and contracts, and software support agreements and related relationships. Developed technology consists of products that have reached technological feasibility. Core technology represents a combination of processes, inventions and trade secrets related to the design and development of acquired products. Customer lists and contracts and software support agreements and related relationships represent the underlying relationships and agreements with customers of the acquired company s installed base. We have generally valued intangible assets using a discounted cash flow model. Critical estimates in valuing certain of the intangible assets include but are not limited to: 

future expected cash flows from software license sales, customer support agreements, customer contracts and related customer relationships and acquired developed technologies and trademarks and trade names and 

discount rates used to determine the present value of estimated future cash flows. 

 In addition, we estimate the useful lives of our intangible assets based upon the expected period over which we anticipate generating economic benefits from the related intangible asset. 
 29 

Net tangible assets consist of the fair values of tangible assets less the fair values of assumed liabilities and obligations. Except for deferred revenues, net tangible assets were generally valued by us at the respective carrying amounts recorded by the acquired company, if we believed that their carrying values approximated their fair values at the acquisition date. The values assigned to deferred revenue reflect an amount equivalent to the estimated cost plus an appropriate profit margin to perform the services related to the acquired company s software support contracts. 
 In addition, uncertain tax positions and tax-related valuation allowances assumed in connection with a business combination are initially estimated as of the acquisition date and we reevaluate these items quarterly with any adjustments to our preliminary estimates being recorded to goodwill provided that we are within the measurement period (up to one year from the acquisition date) and we continue to collect information in order to determine their estimated values. Subsequent to the measurement period or our final determination of the estimated value of uncertain tax positions or tax-related valuation allowances, whichever comes first, changes to these uncertain tax positions and tax-related valuation allowances will affect our provision for income taxes in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Our estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at that time, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. Assumptions may be incomplete or inaccurate, and unanticipated events and circumstances may occur, which may affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, estimates or actual results. 
 When events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a finite-lived intangible asset may not be recoverable, we perform an assessment of the asset for potential impairment. This assessment is based on projected undiscounted future cash flows over the asset s remaining life. If the carrying value of the asset exceeds its undiscounted cash flows, we record an impairment loss equal to the excess of the carrying value over the fair value of the asset, determined using projected discounted future cash flows of the asset. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 

(in millions) 

September 30, 

2021 

2020 

Cash and cash equivalents 

326.5 

275.5 

Restricted cash 

0.5 

0.5 

Marketable securities 

59.1 

Total 

327.0 

335.1 

Activity for the year included the following: 

Cash provided by operating activities 

368.8 

233.8 

Cash used in investing activities 

(687.9 

(526.0 

Cash provided by financing activities 

370.3 

297.4 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 We invest our cash with highly rated financial institutions and in diversified domestic and international money market mutual funds. Cash and cash equivalents include highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. At September 30, 2021, cash and cash equivalents totaled 327 million, compared to 275 million at September 30, 2020. 
 A significant portion of our cash is generated and held outside the U.S. As of September 30, 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents of 37 million in the U.S., 111 million in Europe, 145 million in Asia Pacific (including India) and 34 million in other non-U.S. countries. All our marketable securities are held in the U.S. We have substantial cash requirements in the U.S., but we believe that the combination of our existing U.S. cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, our ability to repatriate cash to the U.S. more cost effectively, future U.S. operating cash flows and cash available under our credit facility will be sufficient to meet our ongoing U.S. operating expenses and known capital requirements. 
 Cash provided by operating activities 
 Cash provided by operating activities was 369 million in FY'21 compared to 234 million in FY'20. The year-over-year increase is primarily due to approximately 190 million of higher cash collections and 20 
 30 

million in contribution from Arena, offset by 80 million more in salary and salary-related payment and an 18 million foreign tax payment . 
 Restructuring payments totaled 14 million in FY 21, compared to 42 million in FY 20. Cash paid for income taxes was 58 million in FY 21 compared to 53 million in FY 20. 
 Cash used in investing activities 

(in millions) 

Year ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

Additions to property and equipment 

(24.7 

(20.2 

Proceeds (purchases) of short- and long-term marketable securities, net 

58.4 

(1.8 

Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired 

(718.0 

(483.5 

Purchases of investments 

(4.0 

Purchase of intangible assets 

(0.6 

(11.1 

Settlement of net investment hedges 

1.0 

(9.4 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(687.9 

(526.0 

Cash used in investing activities reflects 718 million used for acquisitions in FY 21, primarily related to Arena compared to 483 million in FY 20 469 million of which related to Onshape). For additional detail on our acquisitions, see Note 6. Acquisitions , included in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. Our expenditures for property and equipment consist primarily of facility improvements, office equipment, computer equipment, and software. 
 Cash provided by financing activities 

(in millions) 

Year ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

Borrowings on debt, net 

432.0 

344.9 

Repurchases of common stock 

(30.0 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

21.6 

18.3 

Debt issuance costs 

(17.1 

Debt early redemption premium 

(15.0 

Payments of withholding taxes in connection with stock-based awards 

(53.0 

(33.7 

Payments of principal for financing leases 

(0.4 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

370.3 

297.4 

FY 21 net borrowings of 432 million were primarily used to fund the Arena acquisition. FY 20 net borrowings were primarily related to the acquisition of Onshape. FY 20 net borrowings reflect the issuance of 1 billion in new notes in February 2020 and the repayment of 500 million of earlier issued notes in May 2020, as well as net repayments of 155 million under our revolving credit facility. 
 Outstanding Debt 
 As of September 30, 2021, we had: 

(in millions) 

September 30, 2021 

4.000 Senior notes due 2028 

500.0 

3.625 Senior notes due 2025 

500.0 

Credit facility revolver 

450.0 

Total debt 

1,450.0 

Unamortized debt issuance costs for the Senior notes 

(10.5 

Total debt, net of issuance costs 

1,439.5 

Undrawn under credit facility revolver 

550.0 

Undrawn under credit facility revolver available for borrowing 

533.7 

As of September 30, 2021, we were in compliance with all financial and operating covenants of the credit facility and the note indentures. Any failure to comply with such covenants under the credit facility would prevent us from being able to borrow additional funds under the credit facility, and, as with any 
 31 

failure to comply with such covenants under the note indentures, could constitute a default that could cause all amounts outstanding to become due and payable immediately. 
 Our credit facility and our Senior Notes are described in Note 9. Debt to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K. 
 Share Repurchase Authorization 
 Our Articles of Organization authorize us to issue up to 500 million shares of our common stock. Our Board of Directors has authorized us to repurchase up to 1 billion of our common stock through September 30, 2023. We may use cash from operations and borrowings under our credit facility to make any such repurchases. All shares of our common stock repurchased are automatically restored to the status of authorized and unissued. 
 In FY 21, we repurchased approximately 226 thousand shares in the open market for 30 million. We did not repurchase any shares in FY 20. 
 Expectations for Fiscal 2022 
 We believe that existing cash and cash equivalents, together with cash generated from operations and amounts available under the credit facility, will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditure requirements (which we expect to be approximately 30 million in FY 22) through at least the next twelve months and to meet our known long-term capital requirements. In FY 22 we expect to pay approximately 50 million to 55 million in restructuring cash payments related to our recently announced restructuring charge as well as previous restructuring charges. In FY 22, we expect to return approximately 25 of our estimated free cash flow excluding restructuring payments, which is expected to be approximately 450 million, to our shareholders through stock repurchases of our common stock. 
 Our expected uses and sources of cash could change, our cash position could be reduced, and we could incur additional debt obligations if we decide to retire debt, engage in strategic transactions, or repurchase shares, any of which could be commenced, suspended or completed at any time. Any such repurchases or retirement of debt will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. The amounts involved in any debt retirement or issuance, share repurchases, or strategic transactions may be material. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 At September 30, 2021, our future contractual obligations were related to debt, leases, pension liabilities, unrecognized tax benefits, and purchase obligations. See Note 9. Debt, Note 19. Leases, Note 14. Pension Plans, and Note 8. Income Taxes of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report for information about those obligations, which Notes are incorporated by reference into this section. Our purchase obligations were approximately 90.4 million, with 43.7 million expected to be paid in FY 22 and 46.8 million thereafter. Purchase obligations represent minimum commitments due to third parties, including royalty contracts, research and development contracts, telecommunication contracts, information technology maintenance contracts in support of internal-use software and hardware, financing leases, operating leases with original terms of less than 12 months, and other marketing and consulting contracts. Contracts for which our commitment is variable, based on volumes, with no fixed minimum quantities, and contracts that can be canceled without payment penalties are not included in the purchase obligation amounts above. The purchase obligations included above are in addition to amounts included in current liabilities and prepaid expenses recorded on our September 30, 2021 Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 As of September 30, 2021, we had letters of credit and bank guarantees outstanding of approximately 16.3 million (of which 0.5 million was collateralized). 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We have not created, and are not party to, any special-purpose or off-balance sheet entities for the purpose of raising capital, incurring debt or operating parts of our business that are not consolidated (to 
 32 

the extent of our ownership interest therein) into our financial statements. We have not entered into any transactions with unconsolidated entities whereby we have subordinated retained interests, derivative instruments or other contingent arrangements that expose us to material continuing risks, contingent liabilities, or any other obligation under a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit risk support to us. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 In accordance with recently issued accounting pronouncements, we will be required to comply with certain changes in accounting rules and regulations, none of which are expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. Refer to Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K for all recently issued accounting pronouncements, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

 We face exposure to financial market risks, including adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates and changes in interest rates. These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve and could have a material adverse impact on our financial results. 
 Foreign currency exchange risk 
 Our earnings and cash flows are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Our most significant foreign currency exposures relate to Western European countries, Japan, Israel, China and Canada. We enter into foreign currency forward contracts to manage our exposure to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates that arise from receivables and payables denominated in foreign currencies. We do not enter into or hold foreign currency derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes, nor do we enter into derivative financial instruments to hedge future cash flows or forecast transactions. 
 Our non-U.S. revenues generally are transacted through our non-U.S. subsidiaries and typically are denominated in their local currency. In addition, expenses that are incurred by our non-U.S. subsidiaries typically are denominated in their local currency. Approximately 60 of our revenue and 40 of our expenses were transacted in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Currency translation affects our reported results because we report our results of operations in U.S. Dollars. Historically, our most significant currency risk has been changes in the Euro and Japanese Yen relative to the U.S. Dollar. Based on current revenue and expense levels (excluding restructuring charges and stock-based compensation), a 0.10 change in the USD to EUR exchange rate and a 10 Yen change in the Yen to USD exchange rate would impact operating income by approximately 28 million and 10 million, respectively. 
 Our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations arises in part from intercompany transactions, with most intercompany transactions occurring between a U.S. dollar functional currency entity and a foreign currency denominated entity. Intercompany transactions typically are denominated in the local currency of the non-U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiary in order to centralize foreign currency risk. Also, both PTC (the parent company) and our non-U.S. subsidiaries may transact business with our customers and vendors in a currency other than their functional currency (transaction risk). In addition, we are exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations as the financial results and balances of our non-U.S. subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars (translation risk). If sales to customers outside of the United States increase, our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates will increase. 
 Our foreign currency risk management strategy is principally designed to mitigate the future potential financial impact of changes in the U.S. dollar value of balances denominated in foreign currency, resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Our foreign currency hedging program uses forward contracts to manage the foreign currency exposures that exist as part of our ongoing business operations. The contracts are primarily denominated in Japanese Yen and European currencies, and have maturities of less than three months. 
 Generally, we do not designate foreign currency forward contracts as hedges for accounting purposes, and changes in the fair value of these instruments are recognized immediately in earnings. 
 33 

Because we enter into forward contracts only as an economic hedge, any gain or loss on the underlying foreign-denominated balance would be offset by the loss or gain on the forward contract. Gains and losses on forward contracts and foreign currency denominated receivables and payables are included in foreign currency net losses. 
 As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, we had outstanding forward contracts for derivatives not designated as hedging instruments with notional amounts equivalent to the following: 

September 30, 

Currency Hedged (in thousands) 

2021 

2020 

Canadian / U.S. Dollar 

4,894 

6,847 

Euro / U.S. Dollar 

387,466 

390,673 

British Pound / U.S. Dollar 

23,141 

6,328 

Israeli Shekel / U.S. Dollar 

10,475 

9,503 

Japanese Yen / U.S. Dollar 

46,450 

50,379 

Swiss Franc / U.S. Dollar 

18,039 

12,874 

Swedish Krona / U.S. Dollar 

34,196 

18,871 

Singapore Dollar / U.S. Dollar 

3,498 

3,281 

Chinese Renminbi / U.S. Dollar 

23,297 

5,415 

New Taiwan Dollar / U.S. Dollar 

3,369 

1,483 

Russian Ruble/ U.S. Dollar 

2,614 

309 

All other 

6,482 

6,499 

Total 

563,921 

512,462 

Debt 
 In addition to the 1 billion due under our 2025 and 2028 Senior Notes, as of September 30, 2021, we had 450 million outstanding under our credit facility. Loans under the credit facility bear interest at variable rates which reset every 30 to 180 days depending on the rate and period selected by us. These loans are subject to interest rate risk as interest rates will be adjusted at each rollover date to the extent such amounts are not repaid. As of September 30, 2021, the annual rate on the credit facility loans was 1.69 . If there were a hypothetical 100 basis point change in interest rates, the annual net impact to earnings and cash flows would be 4.5 million. This hypothetical change in cash flows and earnings has been calculated based on the borrowings outstanding at September 30, 2021 and a 100 basis point per annum change in interest rate applied over a one-year period. 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 As of September 30, 2021, cash equivalents were invested in highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less when purchased. We invest our cash with highly rated financial institutions in North America, Europe and Asia Pacific and in diversified domestic and international money market mutual funds. At September 30, 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents of 37 million in the United States, 111 million in Europe, 145 million in Asia Pacific (including India), and 34 million in other non-U.S. countries. Given the short maturities and investment grade quality of the portfolio holdings at September 30, 2021, a hypothetical 10 change in interest rates would not materially affect the fair value of our cash and cash equivalents. 
 Our invested cash is subject to interest rate fluctuations and, for non-U.S. operations, foreign currency risk. In a declining interest rate environment, we would experience a decrease in interest income. The opposite holds true in a rising interest rate environment. Over the past several years, the U.S. Federal Reserve Board, European Central Bank and Bank of England have changed certain benchmark interest rates, which has led to declines and increases in market interest rates. These changes in market interest rates have resulted in fluctuations in interest income earned on our cash and cash equivalents. Interest income will continue to fluctuate based on changes in market interest rates and levels of cash available for investment. Changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar had an unfavorable impact of 0.1 million and 2.6 million on our consolidated cash balances in 2021 and 2019, respectively, in particular due to changes in the Euro and the Japanese Yen, and an immaterial impact in 2020. 
 34 

ITEM 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 The consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements are attached as APPENDIX A. 

ITEM 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

 None. 

ITEM 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management maintains disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is processed, recorded, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, respectively), as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 As required by SEC Rule 15d-15(b), we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based on this evaluation, we concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of September 30, 2021. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate 
 Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021 using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on this assessment 
 35 

and those criteria, our management concluded that, as of September 30, 2021 , our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 Management excluded Arena from our assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021 because the Company acquired it in a business combination in 2021. Arena s total assets and total revenues represent approximately 1 and 2 , respectively, of the Company s total assets and total revenues, as of and for the year ended September 30, 2021. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which appears under Item 8. 
 Change in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2021 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

 None. 

ITEM 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

 Not applicable. 
 36 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

 The information required by this item with respect to our directors and executive officers may be found in the sections captioned Proposal 1: Election of Directors, Corporate Governance, "Our Executive Officers," and Transactions with Related Persons appearing in our 2022 Proxy Statement. Such information is incorporated into this Item 10 by reference. 
 Code of Ethics for Senior Executive Officers 
 We have adopted a Code of Ethics for Senior Executive Officers that applies to our Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, and Controller, as well as others. The Code is embedded in our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to all employees. A copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is publicly available on our website at www.ptc.com. If we make any substantive amendments to, or grant any waiver from, including any implicit waiver, the Code of Ethics for Senior Executive Officers to or for our Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer or Controller, we will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver in a current report on Form 8-K. 

ITEM 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

 Information with respect to director and executive compensation may be found under the headings Director Compensation, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Executive Compensation, and Compensation Committee Report appearing in our 2022 Proxy Statement. Such information is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

 Information required by this item may be found under the heading Information about PTC Common Stock Ownership in our 2022 Proxy Statement. Such information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 
 as of September 30, 2021 

Plan Category 

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders: 

2000 Equity Incentive Plan (1) 

3,215,849 

(1) 

4,074,497 

2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (2) 

634,855 

(2) 

Total 

3,215,849 

4,709,352 

(1) 
 
 All of the shares issuable upon vesting are restricted stock units, which have no exercise price. 

(2) 
 
 This amount represents the total number of shares remaining available under the 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, of which 110,363 shares are subject to purchase during the current offering period. 

ITEM 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

 Information with respect to this item may be found under the headings Independence of Our Directors, Review of Transactions with Related Persons and Transactions with Related Persons in our 2022 Proxy Statement. Such information is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

 Information with respect to this item may be found under the headings Engagement of Independent Auditor and Approval of Professional Services and Fees and PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Professional Services and Fees in our 2022 Proxy Statement. Such information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 37 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

 (a) Documents Filed as Part of Form 10-K 

1. 
 
 Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 
 F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 
 F-8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-9 

2. 
 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

Schedules have been omitted since they are either not required, not applicable, or the information is otherwise included in the Financial Statements per Item 15(a)1 above. 

3. 
 
 Exhibits 

The list of exhibits in the Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference. 

(b) Exhibits 
 We hereby file the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. 
 (c) Financial Statement Schedules 
 None. 

ITEM 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 

 None. 

38 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 
 Number 

Exhibit 

3.1 

Restated Articles of Organization of PTC Inc. adopted August 4, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015 (File No. 0-18059) and incorporated herein by reference). 

3.2 

By-Laws, as amended and restated, of PTC Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 29, 2014 (File No. 0-18059) and incorporated herein by reference). 

3.3 

Amendment to PTC By-Laws dated June 24, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 25, 2021 (File No. 0-18059) and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.1 

Indenture, dated as of February 13, 2020, between PTC Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2020 (File No. 0-18059) and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.2 

Form of 3.625 senior unsecured notes due 2025 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2020 (File No. 0-18059) and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.3 

Form of 4.000 senior unsecured notes due 2028 (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2020 (File No. 0-18059) and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.4 

Description of Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2019 (File No. 0-18059) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.1.1 

2000 Equity Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 8, 2019 (File No. 0-18059) and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.1.2 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Certificate (Non-U.S.) (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 2, 2005 (File No. 0-18059) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.1.3 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Certificate (Non-Employee Director) (filed as Exhibit 10.1.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 30, 2013 (File No. 0-18059) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.1.4 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Certificate (U.S.) (filed as Exhibit 10.1.9 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 (File No. 0-18059) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.1.5 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Certificate (U.S.) (filed as Exhibit 10.1.10 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 (File No. 0-18059) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.1.6 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Certificate (U.S.) (filed as Exhibit 10.1.11 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 (File No. 0-18059) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.1.7 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Certificate (U.S. EVP) (filed as Exhibit 10.1.12 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 (File No. 0-18059) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.1.8 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Certificate (U.S. Section 16) (filed as Exhibit 10.1.13 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 (File No. 0-18059) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.1.9 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Certificate (U.S. EVP) (filed as Exhibit 10.1.14 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 (File No. 0-18059) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.1.10 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Certificate (U.S.) (filed as Exhibit 10.1.15 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016(File No. 0-18059) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.1.11 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Certificate (U.S. Section 16) (filed as Exhibit 10.1.16 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 (File No. 0-18059) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.1.12 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Certificate (U.S. Section 16) (filed as Exhibit 10.1.17 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2012 (File No. 0-18059) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.2 

2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended December 28, 2019 (File No. 0-18059) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.3 

Executive Agreement by and between the Company and James Heppelmann, President and Chief Executive Officer, dated September 30, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 30, 2020 (File No. 0-18059) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.4 

Form of Amended and Restated Executive Agreement between the Company and each of Kristian Talvitie and Aaron von Staats (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to PTC s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended December 28, 2019 (File. 0-18059) and incorporated herein by reference). 

39 

10.5 

Form of Executive Agreement between the Company and Michael DiTullio (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to PTC s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 28, 2020 (File. No. 0-18059) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.6 

Executive Agreement between the Company and Troy Richardson dated November 16, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to PTC s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended September 30, 2020 (File 0-18059) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.7 

Lease dated December 14, 1999 by and between PTC Inc. and Boston Properties Limited Partnership (filed as Exhibit 10.21 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2000 (File No. 0-18059) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.8 

Third Amendment to Lease Agreement dated as of October 27, 2010 by and between Boston Properties Limited Partnership and PTC Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 8, 2010 (File No. 0-18059) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.9 

Fifth Amendment dated April 10, 2020 to Lease dated December 14, 1999 by and between PTC Inc. and Boston Properties Limited Partnership (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to PTC s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 28, 2020 (File. No. 0-18059) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.10 

Office Lease Agreement dated as of September 7, 2017 by and between PTC Inc. and SCD L2 Seaport Square LLC (filed as Exhibit 10 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2017 (File No. 0-18059) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.11 

First Amendment to Lease dated as of October 5, 2017 by and between PTC Inc. and SCD L2 Seaport Square LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.23 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended September 30, 2017 (File No. 0-18059) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.12 

Third Amended and Restated Strategic Alliance Agreement by and between PTC Inc. and Rockwell Automation, Inc. dated as of October 28, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 28, 2020 (File No. 0-18059) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.13 

Registration Rights Agreement by and between the Company and Rockwell Automation, Inc., dated July 19, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 19, 2018 (File No. 0-18059) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.14 

Securities Purchase Agreement by and between PTC Inc. and Rockwell Automation, Inc., dated as of June 11, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 11, 2018 (File No. 0-18059) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.15 

Amendment No. 1 to Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of May 11, 2021 between PTC Inc. and Rockwell Automation, Inc. filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 13, 2021 (File No. 0-18059) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.16 

Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, by and among the Company, PTC (IFSC) Limited, the lenders listed thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2020 (File No. 0-18059) and incorporated herein by reference) . 

21.1 

Subsidiaries of PTC Inc. 

23.1 

Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm. 

31.1 

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13(a)-14(a) and 15d-14(a). 

31.2 

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13(a)-14(a) and 15d-14(a). 

32 

Certification of Periodic Financial Report Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

101 

The following materials from PTC Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021, formatted in Inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 (v) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

104 

The cover page of the Annual Report on Form 10-K formatted in Inline XBRL (included in Exhibit 101). 

Identifies a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement in which an executive officer or director of PTC participates. 

Indicates that the exhibit is being furnished with this report and is not filed as a part of it. 

Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is not material and would likely cause competitive harm to the registrant if publicly disclosed. 

 40 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on the 19th day of November, 2021. 

PTC Inc. 

By: 
 
 /s/ J AMES H EPPELMANN 

James Heppelmann 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

41 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated below, on the 19th day of November, 2021 . 

Signature 

Title 

(i) Principal Executive Officer: 

/s/ J AMES H EPPELMANN 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

James Heppelmann 

(ii) Principal Financial and Accounting Officer: 

/s/ K RISTIAN T ALVITIE 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Kristian Talvitie 

(iii) Board of Directors: 

/s/ R OBERT S CHECHTER 

Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Robert Schechter 

/s/ M ARK B ENJAMIN 

Director 

Mark Benjamin 

/s/ J ANICE C HAFFIN 

Director 

Janice Chaffin 

/s/ J AMES H EPPELMANN 

Director 

James Heppelmann 

/s/ K LAUS H OEHN 

Director 

Klaus Hoehn 

/s/ P AUL L ACY 

Director 

Paul Lacy 

/s/ C ORINNA L ATHAN 

Director 

Corinna Lathan 

/s/ B LAKE M ORET 

Director 

Blake Moret 

42 

APPENDIX A 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of PTC Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of PTC Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income (loss), of stockholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Changes in Accounting Principles 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for leases in fiscal 2020 and the manner in which it accounts for revenues from contracts with customers in fiscal 2019. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing 
 F-1 

such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 As described in Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management has excluded Arena Holdings, Inc. from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021 because it was acquired by the Company in a purchase business combination during fiscal 2021. We have also excluded Arena Holdings, Inc. from our audit of internal control over financial reporting. Arena Holdings, Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary whose total assets and total revenues excluded from management s assessment and our audit of internal control over financial reporting represent approximately 1 and 2 , respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended September 30, 2021. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers - Identification of Distinct Performance Obligations 
 As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s sources of revenue include: (1) subscriptions, (2) perpetual license, (3) support for perpetual licenses and (4) professional services. Revenue is derived from the licensing of computer software products and from related support and/or professional services contracts. During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company recognized revenue from contracts with customers of 1,807.2 million. The Company s contracts with customers for subscriptions typically include commitments to transfer term-based, on-premises software licenses bundled with support and/or cloud services. On-premises software is determined to be a distinct performance obligation from support. The corresponding revenues are recognized as the related performance obligations are satisfied. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to revenue recognition, specifically related to management s identification of distinct performance obligations, is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management in the identification of distinct performance obligations, specifically the determination that the on-premises software is determined to 
 F-2 

be a distinct performance obligation from support, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to management s identification of distinct performance obligations within contracts with customers. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the revenue recognition process, including the identification of distinct performance obligations. These procedures also included, among others (i) evaluating the Company s revenue recognition accounting policy and (ii) testing management s identification of distinct performance obligations in its contracts with customers by examining revenue contracts on a sample basis and evaluating whether these performance obligations are satisfied at a point in time or satisfied over time. 
 Acquisition of Arena Holdings, Inc. Valuation of the Customer Relationships Intangible Asset 
 As described in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company completed its acquisition of Arena Holdings, Inc. on January 15, 2021, for purchase consideration of approximately 715.0 million, net of cash acquired of 11.1 million. The acquisition of Arena Holdings, Inc. has been accounted for as a business combination. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed have been recorded at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The purchase price allocation resulted in 155.0 million of customer relationships being recorded. Management estimated the fair value of the customer relationships intangible asset using a discounted cash flow model which included significant judgment and assumptions related to future revenues and costs. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of the customer relationships intangible asset in the acquisition of Arena Holdings, Inc. is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management when estimating the fair value of the customer relationships intangible asset, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to the discounted cash flow model utilized to value the customer relationships intangible asset and management s assumptions related to future revenues and costs. In addition, the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s determination of the fair value of the customer relationships intangible asset. These procedures also included, among others (i) reading the purchase agreement (ii) testing management s process for estimating the fair value of the customer relationships intangible asset (iii) evaluating the appropriateness of the discounted cash flow model used by management (iv) testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the valuation and (v) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions related to future revenues and costs. Evaluating management s assumptions related to future revenues and costs involved evaluating whether the assumptions used by management were reasonable considering (i) the consistency with external economic and industry data and (ii) whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating the appropriateness of the discounted cash flow model. 

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 November 19, 2021 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1992. 
 
 F-3 

PTC Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

September 30, 

2021 

2020 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term marketable securities 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and at September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, respectively 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Acquired intangible assets, net 

Long-term marketable securities 

Deferred tax assets 

Operating right-of-use lease assets 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Accrued compensation and benefits 

Accrued income taxes 

Deferred revenue 

Short-term lease obligations 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Long-term lease obligations 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value shares authorized issued 

Common stock, par value shares authorized and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings (Accumulated deficit) 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-4 

PTC Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

Year ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Revenue: 

License 

Support and cloud services 

Total software revenue 

Professional services 

Total revenue 

Cost of revenue: 

Cost of license revenue 

Cost of support and cloud services revenue 

Total cost of software revenue 

Cost of professional services revenue 

Total cost of revenue 

Gross margin 

Operating expenses: 

Sales and marketing 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Amortization of acquired intangible assets 

Restructuring and other charges, net 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income 

Interest and debt premium expense 

Other income, net 

Income before income taxes 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

Net income (loss) 

Earnings (loss) per share Basic 

Earnings (loss) per share Diluted 

Weighted-average shares outstanding Basic 

Weighted-average shares outstanding Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-5 

PTC Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (in thousands) 

Year ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Net income (loss) 

Other comprehensive income, net of tax: 

Hedge gain (loss) arising during the period, net of tax of million, million, and million in 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively 

Net hedge (loss) reclassified into earnings, net of tax of million, million, and million in 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively 

Realized and unrealized gain (loss) on hedging instruments 

Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax of for each period 

Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities, net of tax of for each period 

Amortization of net actuarial pension gain included in net income, net of tax of million, million, and million in 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively 

Pension net gain (loss) arising during the period net of tax of million, million, and million in 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively 

Change in unamortized pension gain (loss) during the period related to changes in foreign currency 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-6 

PTC Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 

Year ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of right-of-use lease assets 

Stock-based compensation 

Gain on investment 

Other non-cash items, net 

Provision (benefit) from deferred income taxes 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, excluding the effects of acquisitions: 

Accounts receivable 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued compensation and benefits 

Deferred revenue 

Income taxes 

Other current assets and prepaid expenses 

Operating lease liabilities 

Other noncurrent assets and liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Additions to property and equipment 

Purchases of short- and long-term marketable securities 

Proceeds from sales of short- and long-term marketable securities 

Proceeds from maturities of short- and long-term marketable securities 

Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired 

Purchases of investments 

Purchase of intangible assets 

Settlement of net investment hedges 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of Senior Notes 

Borrowings under credit facility 

Repayments of Senior Notes 

Repayments of borrowings under credit facility 

Repurchases of common stock 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Debt issuance costs 

Contingent consideration 

Debt early redemption premium 

Payments of withholding taxes in connection with stock-based awards 

Payments of principal for financing leases 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities: 

Withholding taxes in connection with stock-based awards, accrued 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-7 

PTC Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands) 

Common Stock 

Additional 

Retained Earnings 

Accumulated Other 

Total 

Shares 

Amount 

Paid-In 
 Capital 

(Accumulated 
 Deficit) 

Comprehensive 
 Loss 

Stockholders 
 Equity 

Balance as of September 30, 2018 

ASU 2016-16 adoption 

ASC 606 adoption 

Common stock issued for employee stock-based awards 

Shares surrendered by employees to pay taxes related to stock-based awards 

Common stock issued 

Common stock issued for employee stock purchase plan 

Compensation expense from stock-based awards 

Net loss 

Repurchases of common stock 

Unrealized loss on cash flow hedges, net of tax 

Unrealized gain on net investment hedges, net of tax 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities, net of tax 

Change in pension benefits, net of tax 

Balance as of September 30, 2019 

ASU 2016-02 (ASC 842) adoption 

Common stock issued for employee stock-based awards 

Shares surrendered by employees to pay taxes related to stock-based awards 

Common stock issued for employee stock purchase plan 

Compensation expense from stock-based awards 

Net income 

Unrealized loss on net investment hedges, net of tax 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities, net of tax 

Change in pension benefits, net of tax 

Balance as of September 30, 2020 

Common stock issued for employee stock-based awards 

Shares surrendered by employees to pay taxes related to stock-based awards 

Common stock issued for employee stock purchase plan 

Compensation expense from stock-based awards 

Net income 

Repurchases of common stock 

Unrealized gain on net investment hedges, net of tax 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities, net of tax 

Change in pension benefits, net of tax 

Balance as of September 30, 2021 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-8 

PTC Inc 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 F-9 
 
 of the estimated standalone selling price for subscriptions is attributable to software licenses and is attributable to support for those licenses. Some of our subscription offerings include a combination of on-premise and cloud-based technology. In such cases, the cloud-based technology is considered distinct and receives an allocation of to of the estimated standalone selling price of the subscription. The amounts allocated to cloud are based on assessment of the relative value of the cloud functionality in the subscription, with the remaining amounts allocated between software and support. 
 Our multi-year, non-cancellable on-premise subscription contracts provide customers with an annual right to exchange software within the original subscription with other software. Although the exchange right is limited to software products within a similar product grouping, the exchange right is not limited to products with substantially similar features and functionality as those originally delivered. We determined that this right to exchange previously delivered software for different software represents variable consideration to be accounted for as a liability. We have identified a standard portfolio of contracts with common characteristics and applied the expected value method of determining variable consideration 
 F-10 
 
 million and million , respectively, primarily associated with the annual right to exchange on-premise subscription software. 
 Practical Expedients 
 We have elected certain practical expedients associated with our revenue recognition policy. We do not account for significant financing components if the period between revenue recognition and when the customer pays for the products or services is one year or less. Additionally, we recognize revenue equal to the amount we have a right to invoice when the amount corresponds directly with the value to the customer of our performance to date. million. Neither gross realized gains nor gross realized losses related to the sale were material. million prior to the business combination. Our preferred shares were converted into common shares of Matterport. The Matterport shares are considered equity securities and are included in other current assets. Any change to fair value will be recorded to the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 After the date of the business combination, for a period of six months, subject to certain exceptions, we are restricted from selling the Matterport shares pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act (Rule 144) and Matterport s bylaws. 
 The fair value of the Matterport shares as of September 30, 2021 was million and was determined using the closing price of Matterport s common stock on the Nasdaq stock market as of September 30, 2021, less a temporary discount for lack of marketability. We recorded an unrealized gain on the appreciation of the value of the shares in other income, net on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. The discount for lack of marketability, which will reverse once the applicable restrictions are lifted, is calculated using a put-option model which includes observable and unobservable inputs. The methods used to determine fair value of the Matterport shares may produce a value that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Furthermore, while we believe our valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different fair value measurement at the reporting date. 
 F-11 
 
 t record any impairment charge s to our investment s. In the year ended September 30, 2020 , we recorded million of impairment charges related to one of our investment s . The carrying value of our non-marketable equity investments is recorded in o ther assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and totaled million and million as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 , respectively . million as of September 30, 2021, million as of September 30, 2020, and million as of September 30, 2019. Uncollectible trade accounts 
 F-12 
 
 million, million and million in 2021 , 2020 and 2019 , respectively. Bad debt recoveries were million in 2021 , and bad debt expense was million and million in 2020 and 2019 , respectively, and is included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. . Generally, we do not designate these foreign currency forward contracts as hedges for accounting purposes and changes in the fair value of these instruments are recognized immediately in earnings. Because we enter into forward contracts only as an economic hedge, any gain or loss on the underlying foreign-denominated balance would be offset by the loss or gain on the forward contract. Gains or losses on the underlying foreign-denominated balance are offset by the loss or gain on the forward contract and are included in other income, net. 
 Net Investment Hedges 
 We translate balance sheet accounts of subsidiaries with foreign functional currencies into U.S. Dollars using the exchange rate at each balance sheet date. Resulting translation adjustments are reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. We designate certain foreign exchange forward contracts as net investment hedges against exposure on translation of balance sheet accounts of Euro functional subsidiaries. Net investment hedges partially offset the impact of foreign currency translation adjustment recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. All foreign exchange forward contracts are carried at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and the maximum duration of foreign exchange forward contracts is approximately . 
 Net investment hedge relationships are designated at inception, and effectiveness is assessed retrospectively on a quarterly basis using the net equity position of Euro functional subsidiaries. As the forward contracts are highly effective in offsetting exchange rate exposure, we record changes in these net investment hedges in accumulated other comprehensive loss and subsequently reclassify them to foreign currency translation adjustment in accumulated other comprehensive loss at the time of forward contract maturity. Changes in the fair value of foreign exchange forward contracts due to changes in time value are excluded from the assessment of effectiveness. Our derivatives are not subject to any credit contingent features. We manage credit risk with counterparties by trading among several counterparties, and we review our counterparties credit at least quarterly. 
 F-13 
 
 . to , and furniture and fixtures over to . Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of their useful lives or the remaining terms of the related leases. Property and equipment under capital leases are amortized over the lesser of the lease term or their estimated useful lives. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense when incurred additions and improvements are capitalized. When an item is sold or retired, the cost and related accumulated depreciation is relieved, and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is recognized in income. development costs for software to be sold externally were capitalized in 2021, 2020 or 2019. We purchased software of million and million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 F-14 
 
 years, customer lists are amortized over periods up to years and trademarks are amortized over periods up to years. We review long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable or that the useful lives of those assets are no longer appropriate. An impairment test is based on a comparison of the undiscounted cash flows to the recorded value of the asset or asset group. If 
 F-15 
 
 million, million and million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively and are included in sales and marketing expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. million, unrecognized actuarial losses related to pension benefits of million million net of tax), and accumulated net losses from net investment hedges of million million net of tax). As of September 30, 2020, accumulated other comprehensive loss was comprised of the following: cumulative translation adjustment losses of million, unrecognized actuarial losses related to pension benefits of million million net of tax), unrecognized gains on available-for-sale securities of million( million net of tax), and accumulated net gains from net investment hedges of million million net of tax). million restricted stock units were excluded from the computation of diluted EPS in that year as the effect would have been anti-dilutive. 
 F-16 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Dilutive effect of employee stock options, restricted shares and restricted stock units 

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic earnings (loss) per share 

Diluted earnings (loss) per share 

million as of September 30, 2021. 
 Financial Instruments Credit Losses 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments (ASC 326), which, along with subsequent amendments, replaces the incurred loss impairment methodology in current U.S. GAAP with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information when recording credit loss estimates. We adopted the new standard effective October 1, 2020, with no impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 Pending Accounting Pronouncements 
 Reference Rate Reform 
 In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting. The ASU provides optional guidance for contract modifications and certain hedging relationships associated with the transition from reference rates that are expected to be discontinued. ASU 2020-04 is effective for all entities upon issuance through December 31, 2022. We are still evaluating the impact, but do not expect the standard to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 Income Taxes 
 In December 2019, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740) on Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes. The decisions reflected in ASU 2019-12 update specific areas of ASC 740, Income Taxes , to reduce complexity while maintaining or improving the usefulness of the information provided to users of financial statements. The new standard will be effective 
 F-17 

Deferred revenue 

As of September 30, 2021, million of our contract assets are expected to be transferred to receivables within the next 12 months and therefore are included in other current assets. The remainder is included in other long-term assets and expected to be transferred within the next 24 months. As of September 30, 2020, million of our contract asset balance was included in other current assets and million was included in other long-term assets. 
 Approximately million of the September 30, 2020 contract asset balance was transferred to receivables during the year ended September 30, 2021 as a result of the right to payment becoming unconditional. The majority of the contract asset balance relates to two large professional services contracts with invoicing terms based on performance milestones. The net increase in contract assets of million includes an increase of approximately million related to revenue recognized in the period, net of billings. 
 During the year ended September 30, 2021, we recognized million of revenue that was included in deferred revenue as of September 30, 2020 and there were additional deferrals of million, primarily related to new billings. In addition, deferred revenue increased by million (net of a million fair value adjustment) as a result of the acquisition of Arena. For subscription contracts, we generally invoice customers annually. The balance of total short- and long-term receivables as of September 30, 2021 was million, compared to million as of September 30, 2020. 
 Costs to Obtain or Fulfill a Contract 
 We recognize an asset for the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer if the benefit of those costs is expected to be longer than one year. These deferred costs (primarily commissions) are amortized proportionately related to revenue over years, which is generally longer than the term of the initial contract because of anticipated renewals as commissions for renewals are not commensurate with commissions related to our initial contracts. As of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, deferred costs of million and million, respectively, were included in other current assets and million and million, respectively, were included in other assets (non-current). Amortization expense related to costs to obtain a contract with a customer was million and million in the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. There were impairments of the contract cost asset in the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020. 
 F-18 
 
 million recorded in deferred revenue and million that are not yet recorded in the consolidated balance sheets. We expect to recognize approximately of the total million over the next months, with the remaining amount thereafter. 

Perpetual license 

Professional services 

Total revenue 

For further disaggregation of revenue by geographic region and product group see Note 18. Segment and Geographic Information . million, of which million is attributable to restructuring charges and million is attributable to impairment and accretion expense related to exited lease facilities. We made cash payments related to restructuring charges of million million related to the 2020 restructuring and million in rent payments for the restructured facilities). 
 In 2020, restructuring and other charges, net totaled million, of which million is attributable to restructuring charges, million is attributable to impairment and accretion expense related to exited lease facilities, and million is attributable to accelerated depreciation related to the planned exit of a facility. We made cash payments related to restructuring charges of million million related to the 2020 restructuring, million related to the 2019 restructuring, and million related to a prior restructuring). 
 In 2019, restructuring and other charges, net totaled million, of which million was attributable to restructuring charges million of which related to prior facility restructuring actions) and million was attributable to headquarters relocation charges. We made cash payments related to restructuring charges of million million related to the 2019 restructuring and million related to a prior restructuring). 
 Restructuring Charges 
 In anticipation of a potential restructuring action, we incurred million of professional fees in the fourth quarter of 2021. Refer to Note 20. Subsequent Events for additional information about this restructuring charge. 
 During the first quarter of 2020, we initiated a restructuring program as part of a realignment associated with expected synergies and operational efficiencies related to the Onshape acquisition. In the year ended September 30, 2020, we incurred million in connection with this restructuring plan for termination benefits associated with approximately employees. In the year ended September 30, 2021, we recorded million of charges related to this restructuring plan . 
 During the first quarter of 2019, we initiated a restructuring plan to realign our workforce to shift investment to support Industrial Internet of Things and Augmented Reality strategic opportunities. The restructuring plan was completed in the first quarter of 2019 and resulted in restructuring charges of million for termination benefits associated with approximately employees, substantially all of which 
 F-19 
 
 million of credits related to this restructuring plan . 
 During the second quarter of 2019, we relocated our worldwide headquarters to the Boston Seaport District. We incurred a restructuring charge for the former headquarters lease, which expires in . As a result, we bear overlapping rent obligations for those premises and, in 2019, we recorded restructuring charges of approximately million, based on the net present value of remaining lease commitments net of estimated sublease income. Other costs associated with the move were recorded as incurred. In 2020, we recorded a million net credit for accrued variable operating restructuring charges, primarily associated with the exit of a portion of our former headquarters lease under a partial buy-out agreement with the landlord. In 2021, we recorded restructuring charges of million, primarily associated with maintenance and operating expenses. 

Charges to operations, net 

Cash disbursements 

Other non-cash charges 

Foreign exchange impact 

Balance, September 30, 2019 

ASC 842 adoption 

Charges (credits) to operations, net 

Cash disbursements 

Other non-cash 

Foreign exchange impact 

Balance, September 30, 2020 

Charges to operations, net 

Cash disbursements 

Foreign exchange impact 

Balance, September 30, 2021 

The accrual for employee severance and related benefits is included in accrued compensation and benefits in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Upon adoption of ASC 842, million of accrued expenses and other current liabilities, representing the present value of lease commitments net of estimated sublease income, were reclassified to lease assets and obligations: million to lease assets, million to short-term lease obligations and million to long-term lease obligations. 
 As of September 30, 2021, the remaining restructuring facility accrual of million relates to variable non-lease costs not subject to ASC 842, of which million is included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities and million is included in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Of the accrual for facility closures and related costs, as of September 30, 2020, million is included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities and million is included in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Other - Headquarters Relocation Charges 
 Headquarters relocation charges represent other expenses associated with exiting our prior Needham headquarters facility and relocating to our worldwide headquarters in the Boston Seaport District. In 2019, we recorded million of accelerated depreciation expense related to shortening the estimated useful lives of leasehold improvements related to the Needham location. Headquarters relocation charges for 2019 also included million of rental expense for the Needham facility that overlapped with rental expense for the new Seaport headquarters. 
 F-20 

Furniture and fixtures 

Leasehold improvements 

Gross property and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Net property and equipment 

Depreciation expense was million, million and million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. million, million and million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Acquisition-related costs include direct costs of potential and completed acquisitions (e.g., investment banker fees and professional fees, including legal and valuation services) and expenses related to acquisition integration activities (e.g., professional fees and severance). In addition, subsequent adjustments to our initial estimated amount of contingent consideration associated with specific acquisitions are included within acquisition-related charges. These costs are classified in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Our results of operations include the results of acquired businesses beginning on their respective acquisition date. For all acquisitions made in 2021, our results of operations, if presented on a pro forma basis, would not differ materially from our reported results. 
 Arena 
 On January 15, 2021, we acquired Arena Holdings, Inc. Arena pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of December 12, 2020 by and among PTC, Arena, Astronauts Merger Sub, Inc., and the Representative named therein, the material terms of which are described in the Form 8-K filed by PTC on December 14, 2020 and which is filed as Exhibit 1.1 to that Form 8-K. PTC paid approximately million, net of cash acquired of million, for Arena, which amount was financed with cash on hand and million borrowed under our existing credit facility. Arena had approximately employees on the close date. The acquisition of Arena added revenue of approximately million in 2021, which is net of approximately million in fair value adjustments related to purchase accounting for the acquisition. 
 The acquisition of Arena has been accounted for as a business combination. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed have been recorded at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The fair values of intangible assets were based on valuations using a discounted cash flow model which requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including estimating future revenues and costs. The excess of the purchase price over the tangible assets, identifiable intangible assets and assumed liabilities was recorded as goodwill. 
 The purchase price allocation resulted in million of goodwill, million of customer relationships, million of purchased software, million of trademarks, million of deferred tax liabilities, million of deferred revenue, million of accounts receivable, and million of other net liabilities. The acquired customer relationships, purchased software, and trademarks are being amortized over useful lives of years, years, and years, respectively, based on the expected economic benefit pattern of the assets. The acquired goodwill was allocated to our software products segment and will not be deductible for income tax purposes. The resulting amount of goodwill reflects the expected value that will be created by participation in expected future growth of the PLM SaaS market and expansion into the mid-market for PLM, where SaaS solutions are becoming the standard. 
 F-21 
 
 million, net of cash acquired of million, for Onshape, which amount we borrowed under our existing credit facility. The acquisition of Onshape did not add material revenue in 2020. 
 The acquisition of Onshape has been accounted for as a business combination. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed have been recorded at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The fair values of intangible assets were based on valuations using a discounted cash flow model which requires the use of significant judgment and assumptions, including estimating future revenues and costs. The excess of the purchase price over the tangible assets, identifiable intangible assets and assumed liabilities was recorded as goodwill. 
 The purchase price allocation resulted in million of goodwill, million of customer relationships, million of purchased software, million of trademarks and million of other net liabilities. The acquired customer relationships, purchased software, and trademarks are being amortized over useful lives of years, years, and years, respectively, based on the expected benefit pattern of the assets. The acquired goodwill was allocated to our software products segment and will not be deductible for income tax purposes. The resulting amount of goodwill reflects the expected value that will be created by the expected acceleration of CAD and PLM growth, especially in the low end of the market, and participation in expected future growth of the CAD and PLM SaaS market. In addition, over the longer term, we anticipate building products based on the Onshape SaaS technology platform. 
 Frustum 
 On November 19, 2018, we acquired Frustum Inc. for million (net of cash acquired of million). We financed the acquisition with borrowings under our credit facility. Frustum engaged in next-generation computer-aided design, including generative design, an approach that leverages artificial intelligence to generate design options. At the time of the acquisition, Frustum had approximately employees and historical annualized revenues were not material. The acquisition of Frustum did not add material revenue in 2019. 
 The acquisition of Frustum has been accounted for as a business combination. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed have been recorded at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The fair values of intangible assets were based on valuations using a discounted cash flow model which requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including estimating future revenues and costs. The excess of the purchase price over the tangible assets, identifiable intangible assets and assumed liabilities was recorded as goodwill. 
 The purchase price allocation resulted in million of goodwill, million of purchased software and million of other net liabilities. The acquired technology is being amortized over a useful life of years based on the expected benefit pattern of the assets. The acquired goodwill was allocated to our software products segment and will not be deductible for income tax purposes. The resulting amount of goodwill reflects the expected value that will be created by integrating Frustum generative design technology into our CAD solutions. 
 Other Acquisitions 
 In the fourth quarter of 2020, we completed an acquisition for million (net of cash acquired of million). At the time of acquisition, the company had approximately employees and historical annualized revenues were not material. This acquisition did not add material revenue in 2020. 
 The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed have been recorded at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition dates. The fair values of intangible assets were based on valuations using a discounted cash flow model which requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including estimating future revenues and costs. The excess of the purchase 
 F-22 
 
 million of goodwill, million of purchased software, of customer relationships and million of other net liabilities. The purchased software and customer relationships are being amortized over useful lives of years and years, respectively, based on the expected benefit pattern of the assets. The acquired goodwill was allocated to our software segment and will not be deductible for income tax purposes. operating and reportable segments: (1) Software Products and (2) Professional Services. We assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level. Our reporting units are determined based on the components of our operating segments that constitute a business for which discrete financial information is available and for which operating results are regularly reviewed by segment management. Our reporting units are the same as our operating segments. 
 As of September 30, 2021, goodwill and acquired intangible assets in the aggregate attributable to our Software Products segment was million and attributable to our Professional Services segment was million. As of September 30, 2020, goodwill and acquired intangible assets in the aggregate attributable to our Software Products segment was million and attributable to our Professional Services segment was million. 

Intangible assets with finite lives (amortized) (1) : 

Purchased software 

Capitalized software 

Customer lists and relationships 

Trademarks and trade names 

Other 

Total goodwill and acquired intangible assets 

(1) 
 
 The weighted-average useful lives of purchased software, customer lists and relationships, and trademarks and trade names with a remaining net book value are 10 years, 11 years, and 12 years, respectively. 
 
 The changes in the carrying amounts of goodwill from September 30, 2020 to September 30, 2021 are due to the impact of acquisitions and to foreign currency translation adjustments related to those asset balances that are recorded in non-U.S. currencies. 

Onshape Acquisition 

Other acquisitions 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Balance, September 30, 2020 

Arena acquisition 

Other acquisitions 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Balance, September 30, 2021 

F-23 

Cost of software revenue 

Total amortization expense 

The estimated aggregate future amortization expense for intangible assets with finite lives remaining as of September 30, 2021 is million for 2022, million for 2023, million for 2024, million for 2025, million for 2026 and million thereafter. 

Foreign 

Total income before income taxes 

State 

Foreign 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Foreign 

Total provision (benefit) for income taxes 

Change in valuation allowance 

State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Federal research and development credits 

Uncertain tax positions 

Foreign tax credit 

Foreign rate differences 

Foreign tax on U.S. provision 

Excess tax benefits from restricted stock 

Audits and settlements 

U.S. permanent items 

BEAT 

GILTI, net of foreign tax credits 

Foreign-Derived Intangible Income (FDII) 

Other, net 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

F-24 
 
 million million in accrued income taxes, million in other current liabilities and million in other liabilities) and million million in accrued income taxes, million in other current liabilities and million in other liabilities), respectively. At September 30, 2021and 2020, prepaid taxes recorded in prepaid expenses on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets were million and million, respectively. We made net income tax payments of million, million and million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 F-25 

Foreign tax credits 

Capitalized research and development 

Pension benefits 

Prepaid expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Stock-based compensation 

Other reserves not currently deductible 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Research and development and other tax credits 

Lease liabilities 

Fixed assets 

Capital loss carryforward 

Other 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Acquired intangible assets not deductible 

Lease assets 

Pension prepayments 

Deferred revenue 

Depreciation 

Unbilled accounts receivable 

Deferred income 

Prepaid commissions 

Other 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets 

We reassess our valuation allowance requirements each financial reporting period. We assess available positive and negative evidence to estimate whether sufficient future taxable income will be generated to use its existing deferred tax assets. In the assessment for the period ended September 30, 2021, we have concluded it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets related to United States federal and state income will be realizable, and therefore, the United States federal and the majority of the state valuation allowances were released, which resulted in non-cash federal and state tax benefits of million and million, respectively, to earnings in this period. That determination was based, in part, on the Company s cumulative profits before tax and permanent differences from the past three years, which became profitable during 2021, and projections of profits before tax and permanent differences in future years. 
 For U.S. tax return purposes, net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards and tax credits are generally available to be carried forward to future years, subject to certain limitations. At September 30, 2021, we had U.S. federal NOL carryforwards from acquisitions of million, of which million expire in 2023 to 2036. The remaining carryforwards of million do not expire. The utilization of these NOL carryforwards is limited as a result of the change in ownership rules under Internal Revenue Code Section 382. 
 As of September 30, 2021, we had Federal R&D credit carryforwards of million, which expire beginning in 2027 and ending in 2041, and Massachusetts R&D credit carryforwards of million, which expire beginning in 2022 and ending in 2036. We also had foreign tax credits of million, which expire beginning in and ending in 2031. 
 We also have NOL carryforwards in non-U.S. jurisdictions totaling million, the majority of which do not expire, and non-U.S. tax credit carryforwards of million that expire beginning in and ending in . Additionally, we have amortization carryforwards of million in a foreign 
 F-26 
 
 million against net deferred tax assets in the U.S. and a valuation allowance of million against net deferred tax assets in certain foreign jurisdictions. The million U.S. valuation allowance relates to Massachusetts tax credit carryforwards which we do not expect to realize a benefit from prior to expiration. The valuation allowance recorded against net deferred tax assets of certain foreign jurisdictions is established primarily for our capital loss carryforwards, the majority of which do not expire. However, there are limitations imposed on the utilization of such capital losses that could restrict the recognition of any tax benefits. 

Net release of valuation allowance (1) 

Net increase (decrease) in deferred tax assets with a full valuation allowance (2) 

Valuation allowance, end of year 

(1) 
 
 In 2021, this is attributable to the release in the U.S and in 2019, this is attributable to the release in foreign jurisdictions. 

(2) 
 
 In 2021, this change includes the loss of state attributes a upon merger of wholly-owned subsidiaries. In 2020, this change is largely attributed to the Onshape acquisition, the adoption of ASC 842 and the impact to the change in scheduling of the reversal of existing temporary differences. In 2019, this is due in large part to a change in method of accounting for federal income tax purposes resulting in deferred tax liabilities that cannot be offset against available tax attributes in the scheduling of the reversal of existing temporary differences, and by the adoption of ASC 606. 
 
 Our policy is to record estimated interest and penalties related to the underpayment of income taxes as a component of our income tax provision. In 2021, 2020 and 2019 we recorded interest expense of million, million and million, respectively. In 2021, we had penalty expenses of million. In 2020 and 2019 we had tax penalty expense in our income tax provision. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, we had accrued million and million of net estimated interest expense related to income tax accruals, respectively. We had accrued tax penalties as of September 30, 2021, 2020 or 2019. 

Tax positions related to current year: 

Additions 

Tax positions related to prior years: 

Additions 

Reductions 

Settlements 

Unrecognized tax benefit, end of year 

If all of our unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30, 2021 were to become recognizable in the future, we would record a benefit to the income tax provision of million (which would be partially offset by an increase in the U.S. valuation allowance of million). Although we believe our tax estimates are appropriate, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could result in favorable or unfavorable changes in our estimates. We believe it is reasonably possible that within the next 12 months the amount of unrecognized tax benefits related to the resolution of multi-jurisdictional tax positions could be reduced by up to million as audits close and statutes of limitations expire. 
 F-27 
 
 million related to the effects of a tax matter in the Republic of Korea (South Korea) of million, and the resulting impact on U.S. income taxes of million. The charge relates to an assessment with respect to various tax issues, primarily foreign withholding taxes, that was under appeal in South Korea. We received an assessment of approximately million from the tax authorities in South Korea in the fourth quarter of 2016 for the years 2011 to 2015 and paid the assessment in the first quarter of 2017. We appealed that assessment to an intermediate appellate court. In December 2020, our appeal to that court - the Seoul High Court - was rejected. We appealed this decision to the Supreme Court of the Republic of Korea. In May 2021, the Supreme Court denied our request for a review of the case. Therefore, the decision of the Seoul High Court was deemed final. We made additional payments of approximately million to the tax authorities in South Korea in FY 21 for the years 2016 to 2021 in settlement of the amounts previously accrued. 
 In the normal course of business, PTC and its subsidiaries are examined by various taxing authorities, including the IRS in the U.S. We regularly assess the likelihood of additional assessments by tax authorities and provide for these matters as appropriate. We are currently under audit by tax authorities in several jurisdictions. Audits by tax authorities typically involve examination of the deductibility of certain permanent items, transfer pricing, limitations on net operating losses and tax credits. Although we believe our tax estimates are appropriate, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could result in material changes in our estimates. 
 
 Additionally, net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards from certain earlier periods in these jurisdictions may be subject to examination to the extent they are utilized in later periods. 
 We incurred expenses related to stock-based compensation in 2021, 2020 and 2019 of million, million and million, respectively. Accounting for the tax effects of stock-based awards requires that we establish a deferred tax asset as the compensation is recognized for financial reporting prior to recognizing the tax deductions. The tax benefit recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations related to stock-based compensation totaled million, million and million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Upon the settlement of the stock-based awards (i.e., vesting), the actual tax deduction is compared with the cumulative financial reporting compensation cost and any excess tax deduction is considered a windfall tax benefit and is recorded to the tax provision. In 2021, 2020 and 2019, windfall tax benefits of million, million and million were recorded to the tax provision. Prior to the adoption of ASU 2016-09, windfall tax benefits were recorded to APIC when they resulted in a reduction in taxes payable. 
 Prior to the passage of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act in December of 2017 (the Tax Act), we asserted that substantially all of the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries were considered indefinitely reinvested and accordingly, no deferred taxes were provided. Pursuant to the provisions of the U.S. Tax Act, these earnings were subjected to U.S. federal taxation via a one-time transition tax, and there is therefore no longer a material cumulative basis difference associated with the undistributed earnings. We maintain our assertion of our intention to permanently reinvest these earnings outside the U.S. unless repatriation can be done substantially tax-free, with the exception of a foreign holding company formed in 2018 and our Taiwan subsidiary. If we decide to repatriate any additional non-U.S. earnings in the future, we may be required to establish a deferred tax liability on such earnings. The amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability on the undistributed earnings would not be material. 
 F-28 

3.625 Senior notes due 2025 

Credit facility revolver (1) 

Total debt 

Unamortized debt issuance costs for the senior notes (2) 

Total debt, net of issuance costs (3) 

(1) 
 
 Unamortized debt issuance costs related to the credit facility were million and million as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and were included in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

(2) 
 
 Of the million in financing costs incurred in connection with the issuance of the 2028 and 2025 notes, unamortized debt issuance costs were million and million as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and were included in long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

(3) 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, and 2020, all debt was classified as long term. 
 
 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 In February 2020, we issued million in aggregate principal amount of senior, unsecured long-term debt at par value, due in 2028 (the 2028 notes) and million in aggregate principal amount of senior, unsecured long-term debt at par value, due in 2025 (the 2025 notes). 
 As of September 30, 2021, the total estimated fair value of the 2028 and 2025 senior notes was approximately million and million respectively, based on quoted prices for the notes on that date. 
 We were in compliance with all the covenants for all of our senior notes as of September 30, 2021. 
 Terms of the 2028 and 2025 Notes 
 Interest on the 2028 and 2025 notes is payable semi-annually on February 15 and August 15. The debt indenture for the 2028 and 2025 notes includes covenants that limit our ability to, among other things, incur additional debt, grant liens on our properties or capital stock, enter into sale and leaseback transactions or asset sales, and make capital distributions. 
 We may, on one or more occasions, redeem the 2025 and 2028 notes in whole or in part at specified redemption prices. In certain circumstances constituting a change of control, we would be required to make an offer to repurchase the notes at a purchase price equal to of the aggregate principal amount of the notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest. Our ability to repurchase the notes upon such event may be limited by law, by the indenture associated with the notes, by our then-available financial resources or by the terms of other agreements to which we may be party at such time. If we fail to repurchase the notes as required by the indenture, it would constitute an event of default under the indenture which, in turn, may also constitute an event of default under other obligations. 
 Credit Agreement 
 In February 2020, we entered into a Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, for a new secured multi-currency bank credit facility with a syndicate of banks. We expect to use the credit facility for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions of businesses, share repurchases and working capital requirements. 
 The credit facility consists of a billion revolving credit facility, which may be increased by up to an additional million in the aggregate if the existing or additional lenders are willing to make such increased commitments. As of September 30, 2021, unused commitments under our credit facility were approximately million. The maturity date of the credit facility is , when all remaining amounts outstanding will be due and payable. The revolving loan commitment does not require amortization of principal and may be repaid in whole or in part prior to the scheduled maturity 
 F-29 
 
 subsidiary guarantors of the obligations under the credit facility. Any borrowings by eligible foreign subsidiary borrowers would be guaranteed by PTC Inc. and any subsidiary guarantors. As of the filing of this Form 10-K, no funds were borrowed by an eligible foreign subsidiary borrower. In addition, owned property (including equity interests) of PTC and certain of its material domestic subsidiaries' owned property is subject to first priority perfected liens in favor of the lenders under this credit facility. of the voting equity interests of certain of PTC s domestic subsidiaries and of its material first-tier foreign subsidiaries are pledged as collateral for the obligations under the credit facility. 
 Loans under the credit facility bear interest at variable rates which reset every to depending on the rate and period selected by PTC as described below. As of September 30, 2021, the annual rate for borrowing outstanding was . Interest rates on borrowings outstanding under the credit facility range from to above an adjusted London Interbank Offering Rate (LIBOR) for Euro currency borrowings or range from to above the defined base rate (the greater of the Prime Rate, the NYFRB rate plus , or an adjusted LIBOR plus for base rate borrowings, in each case based upon PTC s total leverage ratio. Additionally, PTC may borrow certain foreign currencies at rates set in the same range above the respective LIBOR for those currencies, based on PTC s total leverage ratio. A quarterly commitment fee on the undrawn portion of the credit facility is required, ranging from to per annum, based upon PTC s total leverage ratio. 
 The credit facility limits PTC s and its subsidiaries ability to, among other things: incur additional indebtedness incur liens or guarantee obligations pay dividends (other than to PTC) and make other distributions make investments and enter into joint ventures dispose of assets and engage in transactions with affiliates, except on an arms-length basis. Under the credit facility, PTC and its material domestic subsidiaries may not invest cash or property in, or loan to, PTC s foreign subsidiaries in aggregate amounts exceeding million for any purpose and an additional million for acquisitions of businesses. In addition, under the credit facility, PTC and its subsidiaries must maintain the following financial ratios: 

a total leverage ratio, defined as consolidated funded indebtedness to consolidated trailing four quarters EBITDA, not to exceed to 1.00 as of the last day of any fiscal quarter 

a senior secured leverage ratio, defined as senior consolidated total indebtedness (which excludes unsecured indebtedness) to the consolidated trailing four quarters EBITDA, not to exceed to 1.00 as of the last day of any fiscal quarter and 

an interest coverage ratio, defined as the ratio of consolidated trailing four quarters EBITDA to consolidated trailing our quarters of cash basis interest expense, of not less than to 1.00 as of the last day of any fiscal quarter. 

 As of September 30, 2021, our total leverage ratio was to 1.00, our senior secured leverage ratio was to 1.00, our interest coverage ratio was to 1.00 and we were in compliance with all financial and operating covenants of the credit facility. 
 Any failure to comply with the financial or operating covenants of the credit facility would prevent PTC from being able to borrow additional funds, and would constitute a default, permitting the lenders to, among other things, accelerate the amounts outstanding, including all accrued interest and unpaid fees, under the credit facility and to terminate the credit facility. A change in control of PTC, as defined in the agreement, also constitutes an event of default, permitting the lenders to accelerate the indebtedness and terminate the credit facility. 
 We incurred million in financing costs in connection with the February 2020 credit facility and million in connection with a November 2019 amendment to our prior credit facility. These origination 
 F-30 
 
 million, million, and million, respectively, and paid million, million and million, respectively, of interest on our debt. Additionally, in the third quarter of 2020, we paid million in penalties for the early redemption of the 2024 notes. The average interest rate on borrowings outstanding during 2021, 2020 and 2019 was approximately , and , respectively. million (of which million was collateralized) and million (of which million was collateralized), respectively, primarily related to our corporate headquarters lease. 
 Legal and Regulatory Matters 
 Legal Proceedings 
 With respect to legal proceedings and claims, we record an accrual for a contingency when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. 
 401(k) Plan 
 On , individual plaintiffs filed a putative class action lawsuit against PTC, the Investment Committee for the PTC Inc. 401(k) Plan Plan ), and the Board of Directors (collectively, the PTC Defendants in the alleging claims regarding the Plan. Plaintiffs allege that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ("ERISA") in the oversight of the Plan, principally by allegedly selecting and retaining certain investment options despite their higher fees and costs than other available investment options, causing participants in the Plan to pay excessive recordkeeping fees and suffer lower returns on their investments, and by allegedly failing to monitor other fiduciaries. The plaintiffs and the PTC Defendants reached an agreement in principle to settle the lawsuit on September 22, 2021. It is expected that the Plaintiffs will file a motion for preliminary approval of the settlement on or before December 1, 2021. The ultimate outcome by judgment or settlement is not expected to be material to our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Other Legal Proceedings 
 In addition to the matters listed above, we are subject to legal proceedings and claims against us in the ordinary course of business. As of September 30, 2021, we estimate that the range of possible outcomes for such matters is immaterial and we do not believe that resolving them will have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. However, the results of legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. Should any of these legal proceedings and claims be resolved against us, the operating results for a reporting period could be adversely affected. 
 Guarantees and Indemnification Obligations 
 We enter into standard indemnification agreements with our customers and business partners in the ordinary course of our business. Under such agreements, we typically indemnify, hold harmless, and agree to reimburse the indemnified party for losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party, in connection with patent, copyright or other intellectual property infringement claims by any third party with respect to our products. Indemnification may also cover other types of claims, including claims relating to certain data breaches. Except for intellectual property infringement indemnification, the liability for which is uncapped, these agreements typically limit our liability with respect to other indemnification claims. Historically, our costs to defend lawsuits or settle claims relating to such indemnity agreements have been minimal and, accordingly, we believe the estimated fair value of liabilities under these agreements is immaterial. 
 F-31 
 
 million shares of our preferred stock in one or more series. million of these shares are designated as Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock. Our Board of Directors is authorized to fix the rights and terms for any series of preferred stock without additional shareholder approval. 
 Common Stock 
 Our Articles of Organization authorize us to issue up to million shares of our common stock. Our Board of Directors has authorized us to repurchase up to billion of our common stock in the period October 1, 2020 through September 30, 2023. We use cash from operations and borrowings under our credit facility to make such repurchases. All shares of our common stock repurchased are automatically restored to the status of authorized and unissued. 
 In 2021, we repurchased million shares for million. We did t repurchase any shares in 2020. In 2019, we repurchased million shares for million. In addition, in 2019, we repurchased million shares, under an accelerated share repurchase ("ASR") agreement. On July 20, 2018, we entered into an ASR agreement with a major financial institution Bank ). The ASR allowed us to buy a large number of shares immediately at a purchase price determined by an average market price over a period of time. Under the ASR, we agreed to purchase billion of our common stock, in total, with an initial delivery to us in July 2018 of million shares, which represented the number of shares at the current market price equal to of the total fixed purchase price of billion. The remainder of the total purchase price of million reflected the value of the stock held by the Bank pending final settlement in May 2019 and, accordingly, was recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital in 2018. share of our common stock. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2020, we modified certain performance-based awards for executives by adjusting the performance criteria for the current and future periods, as well as removing certain provisions for catch up of unearned awards. There was not a material impact in 2020 due to the timing of the modifications, but there was an increase in stock-based compensation in 2021. 
 The fair value of RSUs granted in 2021, 2020 and 2019 was based on the fair market value of our stock on the date of grant for service- and certain performance- based RSUs and based on a Monte Carlo simulation model for relative total shareholder return (TSR) performance RSUs. The weighted average fair value per share of restricted stock units granted in 2021, 2020 and 2019 was , and , respectively. 
 We account for forfeitures as they occur, rather than estimate expected forfeitures. 
 F-32 

Cost of support and cloud services revenue 

Cost of professional services revenue 

Sales and marketing 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

Stock-based compensation expense in 2021, 2020 and 2019 includes million, million, and million respectively, related to our employee stock purchase plan (ESPP). 
 As of September 30, 2021, total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock units expected to vest was approximately million and the weighted average remaining recognition period for unvested awards was months. 
 As of September 30, 2021, million shares of common stock were available for grant under the 2000 Plan and million shares of common stock were reserved for issuance upon vesting of restricted stock units granted and outstanding. 
 Our ESPP allows eligible employees to contribute up to of their base salary, up to a maximum of per year and subject to any other plan limitations, toward the purchase of our common stock at a discounted price. The purchase price of the shares on each purchase date is equal to of the lower of the fair market value of our common stock on the first and last trading days of each offering period. The ESPP is qualified under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code. We estimate the fair value of each purchase right under the ESPP on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model and use the straight-line attribution approach to record the expense over the six-month offering period. 

Granted (1) 

Vested 

Forfeited or not earned 

Balance of outstanding restricted stock units, September 30, 2021 

shares from prior period Total Shareholder Return (TSR) awards that were earned upon achievement of the performance criteria and vested in November 2020. 

Service-based RSUs (2) 

Total Shareholder Return RSUs (3) 

substantially equal installments on November 15, 2021, 2022 and 2023, or the date the Compensation Committee determines the extent to which the applicable performance criteria have been achieved for each performance period. Up to a maximum of the number of RSUs can be earned (a maximum aggregate of RSUs) . 

(2) 
 
 The service-based RSUs were granted to employees, including our executive officers. Substantially all service-based RSUs will vest in substantially equal annual installments on or about the anniversary of the date of grant. 

(3) 
 
 The Total Shareholder Return RSUs (TSR RSUs) were granted to our executives and are eligible to vest based on the performance of PTC stock relative to the stock performance of an index of companies established as of the grant date, as determined at the end of three measurement periods ending on September 30, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. The RSUs earned for each period will vest on November 15, 2021, 2022, and 2023. Up to a maximum of the number of TSR RSUs eligible to be earned for the period (up to a maximum aggregate of RSUs) may vest. If the return to PTC shareholders is 
 
 F-33 
 
 of the eligible TSR RSUs may vest for the measurement period. 

As of September 30, 2021, weighted average remaining vesting term for outstanding awards is year. 
 The weighted-average fair value of the TSR RSUs was per target RSU on the grant date. The fair value of the TSR RSUs was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation model, a generally accepted statistical technique used to simulate a range of possible future stock prices for PTC and the peer group. The method uses a risk-neutral framework to model future stock price movements based upon the risk-free rate of return, the historical volatility of each entity, and the pairwise correlations of each entity being modeled. The fair value for each simulation is the product of the payout percentage determined by PTC s TSR rank against the peer group, the projected price of PTC stock, and a discount factor based on the risk-free rate. 

Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

In 2021, shares issued upon vesting of restricted stock units were net of million shares retained by us to cover employee tax withholdings of million. In 2020, shares issued upon vesting of restricted stock units were net of million shares retained by us to cover employee tax withholdings of million. In 2019, shares issued upon vesting of restricted stock and restricted stock units were net of million shares retained by us to cover employee tax withholdings of million. of the amount contributed by the employee, up to a maximum of of the employee s earnings. Our matching contributions vest immediately. We made matching contributions of million, million, and million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 F-34 

Rate of increase in future compensation 

Weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic pension cost for fiscal years ended September 30: 

Discount rate 

Rate of increase in future compensation 

Rate of return on plan assets 

In selecting the expected long-term rate of return on assets, we considered the current investment portfolio, and the investment return goals in the plans investment policy statements. We, with input from the plans professional investment managers and actuaries, also considered the average rate of earnings expected on the funds invested or to be invested to provide plan benefits. This process included determining expected returns for the various asset classes that comprise the plans target asset allocation. This basis for selecting the long-term asset return assumptions is consistent with the prior year. Using generally accepted diversification techniques, the plans assets, in aggregate and at the individual portfolio level, are invested so that the total portfolio risk exposure and risk-adjusted returns best meet the plans long-term liabilities to employees. Plan asset allocations are reviewed periodically and rebalanced to achieve target allocation among the asset categories when necessary. The discount rate is based on yield curves for highly rated corporate fixed income securities matched against cash flows for each future year. 
 The weighted long-term rate of return assumption, together with the assumptions used to determine the benefit obligations as of September 30, 2021 in the table above, will be used to determine our 2022 net periodic pension income, which we expect to be approximately million. 
 As of September 30, 2021, the weighted average interest crediting rate used in our only cash balance pension plan is . 

Service cost 

Expected return on plan assets 

Amortization of prior service cost 

Recognized actuarial loss 

Settlement loss 

Net periodic pension cost 

F-35 

Service cost 

Interest cost 

Actuarial loss (gain) 

Foreign exchange impact 

Participant contributions 

Benefits paid 

Curtailments 

Projected benefit obligation, end of year 

Change in plan assets and funded status: 

Plan assets at fair value, beginning of year 

Actual return on plan assets 

Employer contributions 

Participant contributions 

Foreign exchange impact 

Benefits paid 

Plan assets at fair value end of year 

Projected benefit obligation, end of year 

Underfunded status 

Accumulated benefit obligation, end of year 

Amounts recognized in the balance sheet: 

Non-current asset 

Non-current liability 

Current liability 

Amounts in accumulated other comprehensive loss: 

Unrecognized actuarial loss 

As of September 30, 2021 and 2020 all of our pension plans had project benefit obligations and accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets. 

Recognized during year - net actuarial losses 

Occurring during year - net actuarial losses 

Foreign exchange impact 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss, end of year 

In 2021, our net actuarial gains were driven by the asset performance. In 2020 our net actuarial losses occurring during the year were primarily driven by poor asset performance due to COVID-19 pandemic, offset by favorable impact on liabilities due primarily to a higher assumed discount rate. 

Fixed income securities 

Commodities 

Insurance company funds 

Options 

Cash 

F-36 
 
 to fixed income securities. The fixed income securities for the other international plans primarily include investments held with insurance companies with fixed returns. The plans investment managers are provided specific guidelines under which they are to invest the assets assigned to them. In general, investment managers are expected to remain fully invested in their asset class with further limitations on risk as related to investments in a single security, portfolio turnover and credit quality. 
 The German CoCreate plan's investment policy prohibits the use of derivatives associated with leverage and speculation or investments in securities issued by PTC, except through index-related strategies and/or commingled funds. An investment committee oversees management of the pension plans assets. Plan assets consist primarily of investments in equity and fixed income securities. 
 In 2021, 2020 and 2019 our actual return on plan assets was million, ) million and million, respectively. 
 Based on actuarial valuations and additional voluntary contributions, we contributed million, million, and million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, to the plans. We expect to pay million in contributions in 2022, of which million will be paid directly to the plans. 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 to 2031 

Fair Value of Plan Assets 
 The international plan assets are comprised primarily of investments in a trust and an insurance company. The underlying investments in the trust are primarily publicly-traded equities and governmental fixed income securities. They are classified as Level 1 because the underlying units of the trust are traded in open public markets. The fair value of the underlying investments in equity securities and fixed income are based upon publicly-traded exchange prices. 

Corporate investment grade 

Large capitalization stocks 

Commodities 

Insurance company funds (1) 

Options 

Cash 

Total plan assets 

F-37 

Corporate investment grade 

Large capitalization stocks 

Commodities 

Insurance company funds (1) 

Options 

Cash 

Total plan assets 

(1) 
 
 These investments are comprised primarily of funds invested with an insurance company in Japan with a guaranteed rate of return. The insurance company invests these assets primarily in government and corporate bonds. 

Convertible note 

Equity securities 

Forward contracts 

Financial liabilities: 

Forward contracts 

F-38 

Marketable securities: 

Corporate notes/bonds 

Forward contracts 

Financial liabilities: 

Forward contracts 

(1) 

Level 3 Investments 
 
 Convertible Note 
 In the fourth quarter of 2021, we invested million in a non-marketable convertible note. This debt security is classified as available-for-sale and is included in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 In the first quarter of 2021, we invested million into a non-marketable convertible note, which converted to preferred stock in the fourth quarter of 2021. At the time of conversion an unrealized gain of million was recognized. This preferred stock investment is classified as non-marketable equity investment and is included in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 Equity Securities 
 As of September 30, 2021, we owned common shares of Matterport, Inc., which are classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy and are recognized at fair value of million in other current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For the three months ended September 30, 2021, we recognized a gain of million related to the shares in other income, net on the Consolidated Statements of Operations, which includes a gain of million of gain on investment and a million valuation adjustment due to lack of marketability. 

Unrealized gains 

72,910 

Discount due to lack of marketability 

Balance, September 30, 2021 

t hold any marketable securities as of September 30, 2021. In December 2020, we sold all our marketable securities to partially fund the Arena acquisition, resulting in proceeds of million. Neither gross realized gains nor gross realized losses related to the sale were material. 

F-39 

Due after one year through three years 

Euro / U.S. Dollar 

British Pound / U.S. Dollar 

Israeli Shekel / U.S. Dollar 

Japanese Yen / U.S. Dollar 

Swiss Franc / U.S. Dollar 

Swedish Krona / U.S. Dollar 

Singapore Dollar / U.S. Dollar 

Chinese Renminbi / U.S. Dollar 

New Taiwan Dollar / U.S. Dollar 

Russian Ruble/ U.S. Dollar 

All other 

Total 

Cash Flow Hedges 
 We stopped entering into cash flow hedges in the first quarter of 2019. million related to effective portion of the hedge recognized in other comprehensive income on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, and million reclassified from other comprehensive income on the Consolidated Balance Sheet into software revenue on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 F-40 

Gain (loss) reclassified from OCI effective portion 

OCI 

Gain recognized portion excluded from effectiveness testing 

Other income, net 

As of September 30, 2021, we estimate that all amounts reported in accumulated other comprehensive loss will be applied against exposed balance sheet accounts upon translation within the next . 

Derivative liabilities: (2) 

Forward contracts 

1 
 
 As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, current derivative assets of million and million, respectively, are recorded in other current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

2 
 
 As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, current derivative liabilities of million and million, respectively, are recorded in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Offsetting Derivative Assets and Liabilities 
 We have entered into master netting arrangements which allow net settlements under certain conditions. Although netting is permitted, it is currently our policy and practice to record all derivative assets and liabilities on a gross basis in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

F-41 

Net gains and losses on foreign currency exposures, including realized and unrealized gains and losses on forward contracts, included in foreign currency net losses, were net losses of million, million and million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Net realized and unrealized gains and losses on forward contracts included in foreign currency net losses were a net loss of million and million in 2021 and 2019, and net gain of million in 2020. operating and reportable segments: (1) Software Products, which includes license, subscription and related support revenue (including updates and technical support) for all our products and (2) Professional Services, which includes consulting, implementation and training services. We do not allocate sales and marketing or general and administrative expense to our operating segments as these activities are managed on a consolidated basis. Additionally, segment profit does not include stock-based compensation, amortization of intangible assets, restructuring charges and certain other identified costs that we do not allocate to the segments for purposes of evaluating their operational performance. 
 F-42 

Operating costs (1) 

Profit 

Professional Services 

Revenue 

Operating costs (2) 

Profit 

Total segment revenue 

Total segment costs 

Total segment profit 

Unallocated operating expenses: (3) 

Sales and marketing expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Intangibles amortization 

Restructuring and other charges, net 

Stock-based compensation 

Other unallocated operating expenses (4) 

Total operating income 

Interest expense 

Other income, net 

Income before income taxes 

(1) 
 
 Operating costs for the Software Products segment include all costs of software revenue and research and development costs, excluding stock-based compensation and intangible amortization. Operating costs for the Software Products segment include depreciation of million, million and million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

(2) 
 
 Operating costs for the Professional Services segment include all costs of professional services revenue, excluding stock-based compensation, intangible amortization, and fair value adjustments for deferred services costs. The Professional Services segment includes depreciation of million, million and million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

(3) 
 
 Unallocated departments include depreciation of million, million and million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

4 
 
 Other unallocated operating expenses include acquisition-related and other transactional costs and fair value adjustments for deferred services costs. 
 product groups: 

(in thousands) 

Year ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Core 

Growth 

Focused Solutions Group (FSG) 

Total revenue 

F-43 

Europe (2) 

Asia Pacific 

Total revenue 

(1) 
 
 Includes revenue in the United States totaling million, million, and million for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

(2) 
 
 Includes revenue in Germany totaling million, million, and million for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 square feet and runs from January 1, 2019 through June 30, 2037. Base rent for the first year of the lease is million and will increase by per square foot per year thereafter million per year). Base rent first became payable on July 1, 2020. In addition to the base rent, we are required to pay our pro rata portions of building operating costs and real estate taxes (together, Additional Rent ). Annual Additional Rent is estimated to be approximately million. The lease provides for million in landlord funding for leasehold improvements per square foot). The leasehold improvement funding provision was fully utilized by us and was reflected as a derecognition adjustment to the right-of-use asset. 

Short-term lease cost 

Variable lease cost 

Sublease income 

Total lease cost 

Supplemental cash flow and right-of use assets information for the year ended September 30, 2021 was as follows: 

(in thousands) 

Year ended September 30, 2021 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities 

Operating cash flows from operating leases 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new financing lease liabilities 

Supplemental balance sheet information related to the leases as of September 30, 2021 was as follows: 

As of September 30, 2021 

Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating leases 

years 

Weighted-average remaining lease term - financing leases 

years 

Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases 

Weighted-average discount rate - financing leases 

F-44 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total future lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Total 

Exited (Restructured) Facilities 
 As of September 30, 2021, we have net liabilities of million related to excess facilities (compared to million at September 30, 2020), representing million of right-of-use assets and million of lease obligations, of which million is classified as short term and million is classified as long term. 
 In determining the amount of right-of-use assets for restructured facilities, we are required to estimate such factors as future vacancy rates, the time required to sublet properties, and sublease rates. Updates to these estimates may result in revisions to the value of right-of-use assets recorded. The amounts recorded are based on the net present value of estimated sublease income. As of September 30, 2021, the right-of-use assets for exited facilities reflect discounted committed sublease income of approximately million. There was uncommitted sublease income as of September 30, 2021. As a result of changes in our sublease income assumptions and an incremental obligation to exit a portion of our former headquarters facility early, in the year ended September 30, 2021, we recorded a facility impairment charge of million. 
 In the year ended September 30, 2021, we made payments of million related to lease costs for exited facilities. million to our employees, including our executive officers million), in payment of amounts earned under our annual Corporate Incentive Plan. We also granted service-based restricted stock units (RSUs) valued at approximately million to employees, including our executive officers million), and performance-based RSUs valued at approximately million to employees, including our executive officers million). The service-based RSUs will generally vest in substantially equal annual installments on November 15, 2022, 2023 and 2024. Half of the performance-based RSUs are eligible to vest based upon annual cash flow performance measures, measured over a three-year period and will vest in substantially equal annual installments on November 15, 2022, 2023 and 2024. The other half are relative Total Shareholder Return RSUs which are eligible to vest based on the performance of PTC stock relative to the stock performance of an index of software and services companies for the period ending September 30, 2024 and will vest to the extent earned on November 15, 2024. 
 Restructuring 
 On November 3, 2021, we committed to a plan to restructure our workforce and consolidate select facilities to align our customer facing and product-related functions with SaaS industry best practices and accelerate the opportunity for our on-premise customers to move to the cloud. The expected savings from the restructuring will be re-invested in the business. The restructuring is expected to result in a charge and cash payments of approximately million to million in 2022. We anticipate additional cash restructuring payments of approximately million related to past restructurings. 
 F-45 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ptc-ex211_8.htm
 EX-21.1

ptc-ex211_8.htm

Exhibit 21.1 

PTC Inc. 

Subsidiaries 

Jurisdiction 
 
 Name 

Delaware 
 
 Parametric Technology International, Inc. 

Massachusetts 
 
 PTC Foundation Inc. 

Massachusetts 
 
 PTC International, Inc. 

Massachusetts 
 
 PTC Seaport Holdings Inc. 

Australia 
 
 Parametric Technology Australia Pty Limited 

Australia 
 
 Migenius Pty Ltd. 

Austria 
 
 Parametric Technology Gesellschaft m.b.H. 

Belgium 
 
 Parametric Technology (Belgium) b.v.b.a. 

Brazil 
 
 Parametric Technology Brasil Ltda. 

Canada 
 
 PTC (Canada) Inc. 

Cayman Islands 
 
 PTC Seaport (Cayman) Ltd. 

Cayman Islands 
 
 Parametric Technology (Cayman) Ltd. 

Cayman Islands 
 
 Seaport Holdings (Cayman) Ltd. 

China 
 
 Parametric Technology (Shanghai) Software Co., Ltd. 

China 
 
 Suzhou Arena Solutions Software Co. Ltd. 

Denmark 
 
 Parametric Technology (Denmark) A/S 

France 
 
 Parametric Technology S.A. 

Germany 
 
 Parametric Technology GmbH 

Germany 
 
 Parametric Technology Holding Germany GmbH 

Hong Kong 
 
 Parametric Technology (Hong Kong) Limited 

India 
 
 OnShape India Private Limited 

India 
 
 Parametric Technology (India) Private Limited 

India 
 
 PTC Software (India) Private Limited 

Ireland 
 
 Parametric Holdings (Ireland) Limited 

Ireland 
 
 PTC (IFSC) Limited 

Ireland 
 
 PTC (SSI) dac 

Israel 
 
 Parametric Technology Israel Ltd. 

Italy 
 
 Parametric Technology Italia S.r.l. 

Japan 
 
 PTC Japan KK 

Korea 
 
 Parametric Korea Co., Ltd. 

Malaysia 
 
 Parametric Technology Corporation (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd 

Malta 
 
 PTC (Malta) Ltd. 

Mauritius 
 
 CV Holding (Mauritius) Ltd. 

Mexico 
 
 Parametric Technology Mexico S.A. de C.V. 

Netherlands 
 
 Parametric Technology Europe B.V. 

Netherlands 
 
 Parametric Technology Nederland B.V. 

Netherlands 
 
 PTC Holdings (Europe) B.V 

Netherlands 
 
 PTC Holdings (NL) B.V. 

Romania 
 
 PTC Eastern Europe Limited S.R.L 

Russia 
 
 PTC International Limited Liability Company 

Serbia 
 
 Plugin76 d.o.o. R D za razvoj softvera Subotica 

Singapore 
 
 Parametric Technology Singapore Pte Ltd 

South Africa 
 
 Parametric Technology South Africa (Proprietary) Limited 

Spain 
 
 Parametric Technology Espana, S.A. 

Sweden 
 
 Plugin76 AB Sweden 

Sweden 
 
 PTC Sweden AB 

Switzerland 
 
 Parametric Technology (Schweiz) AG 

Taiwan 
 
 Parametric Technology Taiwan Ltd. 

United Kingdom 
 
 Parametric Holdings (UK) Limited 

United Kingdom 
 
 Parametric Technology (UK) Limited 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ptc-ex231_11.htm
 EX-23.1

ptc-ex231_11.htm

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-187083, 333-211750, 333-211751 and 333-231992) and on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-211049 and 333-228565) of PTC Inc. of our report dated November 19, 2021 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 November 19, 2021 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ptc-ex311_6.htm
 EX-31.1

ptc-ex311_6.htm

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, James Heppelmann, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of PTC Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 

November 19, 2021 
 
 /S/ JAMES HEPPELMANN 

James Heppelmann 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ptc-ex312_7.htm
 EX-31.2

ptc-ex312_7.htm

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Kristian Talvitie, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of PTC Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 

November 19, 2021 
 
 /S/ KRISTIAN TALVITIE 

Kristian Talvitie 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 ptc-ex32_9.htm
 EX-32

ptc-ex32_9.htm

EXHIBIT 32 
 
 Certification of Periodic Financial Report 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, each of the undersigned officers of PTC Inc. (the Company certifies that, to his knowledge, the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended September 30, 2021 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in that Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: 

November 19, 2021 
 
 /S/ JAMES HEPPELMANN 

James Heppelmann 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 

November 19, 2021 
 
 /S/ KRISTIAN TALVITIE 

Kristian Talvitie 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 ptc-20210930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 ptc-20210930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 ptc-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 ptc-20210930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 ptc-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

