<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211110_10-K_edgar_data_814547_0000814547-21-000019.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12958143</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>349986</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1906866</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4812918</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2984762</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2654153</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000814547-21-000019.hdr.sgml : 20211110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211110162541
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000814547-21-000019
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		122
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FAIR ISAAC CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000814547
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				941499887
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11689
		FILM NUMBER:		211397058

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5 WEST MENDENHALL
		STREET 2:		SUITES 105
		CITY:			BOZEMAN
		STATE:			MT
		ZIP:			59715
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(406) 982-7276

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5 WEST MENDENHALL
		STREET 2:		SUITES 105
		CITY:			BOZEMAN
		STATE:			MT
		ZIP:			59715

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FAIR ISAAC & COMPANY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000814547-21-000019.txt : 20211110

10-K
 1
 fico-20210930.htm
 10-K

fico-20210930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 
 
 oration 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 -982 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
 Accelerated Filer Non-Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 No 
 As of March 31, 2021, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was based on the last transaction price as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on such date. This calculation does not reflect a determination that certain persons are affiliates of the registrant for any other purposes. 
 The number of shares of common stock outstanding on October 29, 2021 was (excluding 61,498,430 shares held by the Company as treasury stock). 

Table of Contents 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Portions of the Registrant s definitive proxy statement relating to its 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders 2022 Proxy Statement are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K where indicated. The 2022 Proxy Statement will be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this report relates. 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 14 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 28 
 Item 2. Properties 
 28 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 29 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 29 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 30 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 31 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 50 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 53 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 90 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 90 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 91 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 92 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 94 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 94 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 94 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 94 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 95 
 Signatures 
 100 

1 

Table of Contents 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Statements contained in this report that are not statements of historical fact should be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the PSLRA ). In addition, certain statements in our future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), in press releases, and in oral and written statements made by us or with our approval that are not statements of historical fact constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the PSLRA. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: (i) projections of revenue, income or loss, expenses, earnings or loss per share, the payment or nonpayment of dividends, share repurchases, capital structure and other statements concerning future financial performance; (ii) statements of our plans and objectives by our management or Board of Directors, including those relating to products or services, research and development, and the sufficiency of capital resources; (iii) statements of assumptions underlying such statements, including those related to economic conditions; (iv) statements regarding results of business combinations or strategic divestitures; (v) statements regarding business relationships with vendors, customers or collaborators, including the proportion of revenues generated from international as opposed to domestic customers; and (vi) statements regarding products, their characteristics, performance, sales potential or effect in the hands of customers. Words such as believes, anticipates, expects, intends, targeted, should, potential, goals, strategy, outlook, plan, estimated, will, variations of these terms and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in such statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, below. The performance of our business and our securities may be adversely affected by these factors and by other factors common to other businesses and investments, or to the general economy. Forward-looking statements are qualified by some or all of these risk factors. Therefore, you should consider these risk factors with caution and form your own critical and independent conclusions about the likely effect of these risk factors on our future performance. Such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which statements are made, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events or circumstances. Readers should carefully review the disclosures and the risk factors described in this and other documents we file from time to time with the SEC, including our Quarterly Reports on Forms 10-Q and Current Reports on Forms 8-K. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 GENERAL 
 
 Fair Isaac Corporation (NYSE: FICO) (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the Company, which may also be referred to in this report as we, us, our, and FICO is a leading applied analytics company. We were founded in 1956 on the premise that data, used intelligently, can improve business decisions. Today, FICO s software and the widely used FICO Score operationalize analytics, enabling thousands of businesses in nearly 120 countries to uncover new opportunities, make timely decisions that matter, and execute them at scale. Most leading banks and credit card issuers rely on our solutions, as do insurers, retailers, telecommunications providers, automotive companies, public agencies, and organizations in other industries. We also serve consumers through online services that enable people to access and understand their FICO Scores, the standard measure in the U.S. of consumer credit risk, empowering them to increase financial literacy and manage their financial health. More information about us can be found on our website, www.fico.com. We make our Annual Reports on Forms 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Forms 10-Q, and Current Reports on Forms 8-K, as well as amendments to those reports, available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). References to our website address in this report do not constitute an incorporation by reference. Information on our website is not part of this report. 
 
 PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
 
 Our business consists of two operating segments: Scores and Software. 
 Our Scores segment includes our business-to-business B2B scoring solutions and services which give our clients access to predictive credit and other scores that can be easily integrated into their transaction streams and decision-making processes. This segment also includes our business-to-consumer B2C scoring solutions, including our myFICO.com subscription offerings. 
 Our Software segment includes pre-configured analytic and decision management solutions designed for a specific type of business need or process such as account origination, customer management, customer engagement, fraud detection, financial crimes compliance, and marketing as well as associated professional services. This segment also includes FICO Platform, a modular software offering designed to support advanced analytic and decision use cases, as well as stand-alone analytic and decisioning software that can be configured by our customers to address a wide variety of business use cases. Our offerings are available to our customers as software-as-a-service SaaS or as on-premises software. 
 
 Scores 
 Our B2B scoring solutions include the FICO Score, which is the standard measure of consumer credit risk in the U.S. It is used in most U.S. credit decisions, by nearly all major banks, credit card issuers, mortgage lenders, and auto loan originators. Our B2B scoring solutions are primarily distributed through major consumer reporting agencies worldwide. Our B2C scores are sold directly to consumers through our myFICO.com website and other direct-to-consumer channels. 
 The FICO Score is a three-digit number ranging from 300-850. Our proprietary analytic algorithms are applied to credit data collected and maintained by the three U.S. national consumer reporting agencies Experian, TransUnion and Equifax to produce standard scores that are used across the credit lifecycle, including in origination, account management and consumer marketing. Users of our scores generally pay the consumer reporting agencies a fee for each individual score generated by our algorithms, and the consumer reporting agencies pay an associated fee to us. Except for product development using de-personalized data, FICO does not collect or store the consumer credit data used in the calculation of our scores, and in most cases, we do not sell our scores directly to lenders or other end-users. 
 Since the introduction of the FICO Score in the U.S. in 1989, we have regularly updated the score to take advantage of newly available data and enhanced analytics. Our most recent and most predictive scores, FICO Score 10 and 10T, were introduced in January 2020. To increase its predictive power, FICO Score 10T builds on FICO Score 10 but also incorporates trended credit data. Trended data considers a longer historical view, giving lenders even more insight into how individuals are managing their credit. When we introduced FICO Score 9 in 2015, it also made use of newly available data such as reported rental payment history, while also de-emphasizing medical debt and disregarding paid collections. 
 Most of our scores distributed today are FICO Score 8 and FICO Score 9. While our newer scores generally provide greater predictive accuracy than the scores they replace, we ensure that new versions of the standard FICO Score are compatible with prior versions of the FICO Score. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 In addition to the FICO Score, we offer several other broad-based scores, including specific FICO Industry Scores. For example, in July 2021 we introduced Bankcard and Auto Industry versions of FICO Score 10. We also develop various custom scores for our financial services clients. 
 The FICO Resilience Index is a recently introduced offering designed to complement FICO Score models by identifying those consumers who are more resilient to economic stress relative to other consumers within the same FICO Score bands. The FICO Resilience Index is designed to enable lenders to continue to lend and better manage risk by providing a more precise assessment of loan default risk during periods of economic stress. 
 FICO has invested significant resources in the development of scores that can help expand credit access and lower borrowing costs for consumers that have limited credit history or who have sparse or inactive credit files. These scores use alternative data sources to enhance conventional credit bureau data and generate scores for otherwise un-scorable consumers and in many cases improve the credit scores of scorable consumers. 
 
 FICO Score XD uses public records and property data, and a consumer s history with mobile phone, landline phone and cable payments, to generate scores on the same 300-850 scale as standard FICO Scores. FICO Score XD is available to lenders through our distribution partners, LexisNexis Risk Solutions and Equifax. 
 
 The UltraFICO TM Score uses consumer-permissioned data such as checking, savings, or money market account data, to generate scores on the same 300-850 scale as standard FICO Scores. Incorporating consumer-permissioned data helps empower consumers to establish or improve their creditworthiness by using data that reflects sound financial activity, but that is not part of a conventional credit report. 
 
 Both scores maintain the same score to risk relationship as standard FICO Scores, enhancing their compatibility with existing credit underwriting systems and models. 
 Outside the U.S., we offer FICO Scores for consumer loans, and in some cases for small and medium business loans. These scores are typically sold to end-users through consumer reporting agencies in those countries, as they are in the U.S. We have also developed client-specific versions of the FICO Score in over ten countries that we sell directly to end-user customers. FICO Scores are currently in use or being implemented in 30 different countries across five continents outside the U.S. 
 We also provide FICO Scores to consumers in the U.S. through our B2C scoring solutions. These Scores are distributed directly by us through our myFICO.com subscription offering and indirectly through our licensed distribution partners, including Experian and certain lenders through the FICO Score Open Access Program. Through myFICO.com and other direct-to-consumer channels, consumers can purchase their FICO Scores, including credit reports associated with the scores, explanations of the factors affecting their scores, and customized educational information on how to manage their scores. Consumers can use products to simulate how taking specific actions could affect their FICO Score. Consumers can also subscribe to credit monitoring, which deliver alerts via email and text when changes to a user s FICO Scores or other credit report content are detected. In addition, consumers can purchase identity theft monitoring products that alert them to potential risks of identity fraud. 
 
 Software 
 
 Our software harnesses the power of analytics and digital decisioning technology to help businesses automate, improve, and connect decisions across their enterprise. Most of our solutions address customer engagement, including acquisition and pricing, onboarding, servicing and management, and fraud protection. We also help businesses improve non-customer facing decisions such as supply chain optimization, scheduling management and policy adherence. 
 FICO provides software solutions to business customers in more than 120 countries around the world. Our software can be deployed in the cloud as SaaS utilizing FICO s infrastructure or third-party cloud services, or on-premises using our customers IT infrastructure. We typically sell our software as multi-year subscriptions, with payments based on usage metrics such as the number of accounts, transactions or decisioning use cases deployed, often subject to contracted minimum payments. 
 A significant and growing number of our software solutions run natively on FICO Platform, a modular software offering designed to support advanced analytics and decisioning use cases. While not all our software runs on FICO Platform today, we are investing significant development resources to enable substantially all of our software to run on FICO Platform in the future. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Principal Areas of Expertise 
 We specialize in solutions that empower businesses to operationalize analytics to uncover new opportunities, make timely decisions that matter, and execute them at scale. With more than 60 years of analytics and software experience, we have found that bringing human and digital intelligence together allows our customers to target and acquire customers more efficiently, increase customer value, reduce fraud and credit losses, lower operating expenses, and enter new markets more profitably. 
 Our principal areas of research and development expertise are focused on the following four analytic domains. 
 
 Predictive Modeling 
 Predictive modeling identifies and mathematically represents underlying relationships in historical data to make predictions or classifications about future events. Predictive models typically analyze current and historical data about individuals to produce easily understood metrics such as scores. These scores rank-order individuals or specific transactions against a particular variable such as the likelihood of making credit payments on time, the likelihood of a transaction being fraudulent or the probability of responding to a particular offer for services. Our predictive models are frequently used in mission-critical transactional systems and drive decisions and actions in near real time. 
 
 Several analytic methodologies underlie our products in this area. These include proprietary applications of both linear and nonlinear optimization algorithms, advanced neural systems, machine learning and AI. We also apply various statistical techniques for analysis and pattern detection within large datasets and can derive insights and predictive features from various forms of data, including unstructured data. 
 
 Decision Analysis and Optimization 
 Decision analysis refers to the broad quantitative field that deals with modeling, analyzing, and optimizing decisions made by individuals, groups, and organizations. Whereas predictive models analyze multiple aspects of individual behavior to forecast future behavior, decision analysis analyzes multiple aspects of a given decision to identify the most effective action to take to reach a desired result. This is often referred to as prescriptive analytics. Our integrated approach to decision analysis incorporates a decision model that mathematically maps the entire decision structure; proprietary optimization technology that identifies the most effective strategies, given both the performance objective and constraints; testing and simulation required for active, continuous learning; and the robust extrapolation of an optimized strategy to a wider set of scenarios than historically encountered. Our optimization capabilities also include native support for Python modeling, as well as our own proprietary mathematical modeling and programming language, an easy-to-use authoring environment, a configurable business simulation and scenario management interface and a set of pre-built optimization algorithms. 
 
 Transaction Profiling 
 Transaction profiling is a patent-protected technique used to extract meaningful information and reduce the complexity of transaction data used in modeling. Many of our products operate using transactional data, such as credit card purchase transactions, consumer interactions, or other types of data that change over time. In its raw form, this data is very difficult to use in predictive models for several reasons. First, an isolated transaction contains very little information about the behavior of the individual who generated the transaction. Second, transaction patterns change rapidly over time. Third, this type of data can often be highly complex. To overcome these issues, we have developed a set of techniques that transform raw transactional data into a mathematical representation that reveals latent information, and which make the data more usable by predictive models. This profiling technology accumulates data across multiple transactions of many types to create and update profiles of transaction patterns. These profiles enable our neural network models to efficiently and effectively make accurate assessments of, for example, fraud risk and credit risk within real-time transaction streams. 
 
 Customer Data Integration 
 Decisions made about customers or prospects can benefit from data stored in multiple sources, both inside and outside the enterprise. In the areas of analytics and digital decisioning, more data is generally better. We have developed proprietary data ingestion and management tools that are able to assemble and integrate disparate data sources into a unified view of the customer, household, or other subject through the application of persistent keying technology. This data can include structured or unstructured data. In addition, our technology can integrate multiple data sources in real-time and make them available for rapid analysis and decisions such as credit approval, fraud detection and next best offer workflows. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 We believe our analytic tools and solutions are among the best commercially available, and that we are uniquely positioned to integrate advanced analytic, software and data technologies into mission-critical business solutions that offer superior returns on investment. 
 
 FICO Platform 
 FICO Platform is an analytic and decisioning environment that empowers businesses to configure solutions that orchestrate and operationalize high velocity decisions that matter, at scale. Users of FICO Platform can bring together data from multiple sources, apply advanced analytics to derive insights, and translate those insights into actions and workflows that can be executed in real-time. Based on a modular cloud architecture, FICO Platform can be configured by our customers to solve a vast array of business challenges. FICO Platform delivers increasing value to our customers over time as they add additional analytic capabilities, configure their own solutions or utilize pre-configured solutions to address a diverse set of use cases and integrate disparate analytic and decisioning silos onto a centralized, scalable platform. This drives additional subscription software revenue for FICO over time as customers purchase more FICO Platform capabilities and pay for more usage of those capabilities. 
 Our goal is to move substantially all of FICO s current software products onto FICO Platform. For example, FICO s industry leading rules-based decisioning engine, FICO Blaze Advisor decision rules management system, is now available on FICO Platform as FICO Decision Modeler. Some FICO pre-configured solutions are now available on FICO Platform, including FICO Originations Solution and FICO Strategy Director. We believe this strategy of moving our software products to FICO Platform will result in revenue growth through follow-on land and expand sales to existing Platform customers and more sales to medium-sized businesses typically served through value-added resellers and systems integrators. 
 Our annual recurring revenue ARR from FICO Platform based products was 75.2 million as of September 30, 2021, representing 14 of our total software ARR. 
 
 Our Offerings 
 We sell our software primarily as analytic and decisioning software or pre-configured solutions. Our software offerings are sold both individually and as integrated bundles of multiple products. 
 
 Analytic and Decisioning Software 
 
 FICO analytic and decisioning software offerings use proprietary and open source microservices and capabilities to enable both business users and data scientists to develop and execute advanced analytics and decision modeling. Our key products in this category include: 
 FICO Decision Modeler and FICO Blaze Advisor are our core decision rules modeling tools, which enable users to flexibly author and manage decision rules and strategies. FICO Decision Modeler delivers the functionality of our industry leading FICO Blaze Advisor product, with the added benefit of seamless integration into FICO Platform. FICO Blaze Advisor, the predecessor to FICO Decision Modeler, is available as an off-platform product. 
 FICO Xpress Optimization provides operations research professionals and business analysts with world-class solvers and productivity tools to determine optimal outcomes for a wide range of industry problems. FICO Xpress Optimization includes a powerful modeling and programming language to quickly model and solve even the largest optimization problems. FICO Xpress Optimization runs on FICO Platform. 
 FICO Analytics Workbench TM is a predictive analytics tool that allows businesses to create and deploy explainable machine learning models for use in decisions that typically require strict governance and compliance, often including regulatory oversight. FICO Analytics Workbench runs on FICO Platform. 
 FICO Studio is a powerful, low-code / no-code application development environment that gives users the ability to quickly build enterprise-grade decision applications using FICO Platform. 
 FICO Data Orchestrator is a data retrieval and mapping solution that can access, gather, and transform data from corporate or public facing information services, such as credit reference agencies. FICO Data Orchestrator runs on FICO Platform. 
 FICO DMP Streaming is a real-time and batch data ingestion solution that uniquely delivers in-stream analytics for real-time data insights and complex event processing. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 FICO Business Outcome Simulator enables business users to run a wide variety of insightful scenarios to assess how their business is likely to perform under varying conditions and assumptions. It unlocks insights into how key outcomes will likely shift in the face of changing competitor strategy, macroeconomic changes, evolving customer preferences, and more. FICO Business Outcome Simulator runs on FICO Platform. 
 
 FICO Decision Optimizer helps business users understand how different customers will react to a variety of different actions that are being considered. Once that link is understood, FICO Decision Optimizer identifies the combination of actions most likely to lead to the desired portfolio outcomes through decisions such as who to offer a new product, what limit and/or price to offer, or how to treat delinquent customers. FICO Decision Optimizer runs on FICO Platform. 
 
 Pre-Configured Solutions 
 FICO's pre-configured solutions optimize customer interactions in real-time, driving greater customer engagement and improving business results. They enable acquisition and growth marketing, account activation and management, omni-channel communication, risk assessment, fraud detection and prevention, and financial crime compliance. Key FICO solutions offered today include: 
 FICO Fraud and Financial Crimes Solutions help our clients detect and prevent transactional financial fraud and violations of global financial compliance regulations. Our solutions analyze activities such as credit card transactions and account openings to generate real time recommendations for immediate action. These defenses are critical to identifying and mitigating identity fraud, payments fraud and money laundering. Our models that identify transaction fraud are continually improved using a proprietary, global data set of transaction data contributed by more than 9,000 institutions that participate in the FICO Falcon Intelligence Network. FICO Falcon X is a suite of some of our Fraud and Compliance capabilities that run on FICO Platform. We plan to offer most of our Fraud and Compliance solutions as platform-native Falcon X products in the future. 
 FICO Originations Solution is an application-to-decision credit originations solution. It enables banks, credit unions, finance companies, online lenders, auto lenders, and other companies to automate and improve the processing of requests for credit. Our Originations Solution increases the speed, consistency and efficiency with which requests are handled, reducing losses, and increasing approval rates through the application of sophisticated policies and analytics that assess applicant risk and reduce the need for manual review by underwriters. The current version of FICO Originations Solution runs on FICO Platform. 
 FICO Customer Communication Service is an intelligent omnichannel digital communication manager for resolving customer interactions. It enables businesses to automate individualized customer dialogues with the same consistency and regulatory compliance as their human agents. With Customer Communication Service, businesses can be available 24/7 for one-way or two-way communication through any channel their consumers choose. Businesses can rapidly launch mobile alerts, messaging, virtual agents, self-service options, and other auto-resolution capabilities. It helps make the full customer journey more efficient and raises the level of data-driven digital intelligence behind lifecycle communications. Certain Customer Communication products are available on FICO Platform today, and we plan to make additional Customer Communication products available on FICO Platform in the future. 
 FICO Strategy Director and FICO TRIAD Customer Manager enable businesses to automate and improve risk-based decisions for their existing credit customers. These products help businesses apply advanced analytics in credit account and customer decisions to increase portfolio revenue and reduce risk exposure and losses, while improving customer retention. They also allow users to manage risk and communications at both the account and customer level from a single place. FICO Strategy Director runs on FICO Platform. FICO TRIAD Customer Manager, the predecessor to FICO Strategy Director, is available as an off-platform product. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 FICO Professional Services 
 FICO offers a range of professional services designed to help customers install and configure our software, develop and deploy advanced analytics using our software, and improve customer satisfaction and retention. 
 FICO Implementation Services. We often sell software implementation and configuration services in conjunction with our software license and SaaS subscriptions. The FICO implementation services team leverages their deep expertise in our products and their extensive industry-specific knowledge to help our customers implement and configure FICO software rapidly and effectively. 
 FICO Analytic Services. We build custom analytics, decision models and related analytics, and perform machine learning projects for clients in multiple industries. These analytic services help to improve critical business processes and operationalize analytics using FICO software products. Most of our engagements utilize predictive analytics, decision modeling and optimization to provide greater insight into customer preferences and help predict future customer behavior. 
 FICO Advisors. FICO Advisors are business consultants accelerating the practical use of FICO solutions through data-driven analytics, strategic design, and software applications. Our seasoned practitioners are uniquely valued for their credit lifecycle risk and fraud knowledge and can help drive measurable results in an ever-dynamic economic market. 
 Our professional services are sold on an hourly time and materials basis or for a fixed project fee. 

MARKETS AND CUSTOMERS 
 
 Our scores and software products and services serve clients in multiple industries, including banking, insurance, retail, healthcare and public agencies. End users of our products include 96 of the 100 largest financial institutions in the U.S., and two-thirds of the largest 100 banks in the world. Our clients also include more than 600 insurers, including nine of the top ten U.S. property and casualty insurers; more than 300 retailers and general merchandisers; and more than 200 government or public agencies. All top ten companies on the 2021 Fortune 500 list use one or more of our solutions. In addition, our consumer solutions are marketed to an estimated 200 million U.S. consumers whose credit relationships are reported to the three major U.S. consumer reporting agencies. 
 The majority of our scores are marketed and sold through consumer reporting agencies. During fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, revenues generated from our agreements with Experian, TransUnion and Equifax collectively accounted for 38 , 33 and 29 of our total revenues, respectively. We also sell our scores and credit monitoring directly to consumers through our myFICO.com on-line subscription offerings. Outside of the U.S., we sell our scores through consumer reporting agencies, other third-party distributors, and in some cases directly to large end-users. 
 We market our software products and services primarily through our own direct sales organization that is organized around vertical and geographic markets. Sales teams are based in our headquarters and in field offices strategically located around the world. We also market our products through indirect channels, including alliance partners and other resellers. As more of our products are made available on FICO Platform, we expect our sales through indirect channels to grow. We are investing significant resources to develop our indirect channel relationships. 
 Our largest market segment is financial services, representing 89 of our total revenue in 2021. Our largest geographic market is the Americas, representing 80 of our total revenue in 2021. 
 
 COMPETITION 
 The market for our solutions is intensely competitive and is constantly changing. Our competitors vary both in size and in the scope of the products and services they offer. We encounter competition from several sources, including: 
 in-house analytic and systems developers; 
 neural network developers and artificial intelligence system builders; 
 fraud and compliance solution providers; 
 scoring model builders; 
 providers of credit reports and credit scores; 
 software companies supplying predictive analytic modeling, rules, or analytic development tools; 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 entity resolution and social network analysis solutions providers; 
 providers of customer engagement and risk management solutions; 
 providers of account/workflow management software; 
 business process management and decision rules management providers; 
 enterprise resource planning and customer relationship management solutions providers; 
 business intelligence solutions providers; 
 providers of automated application processing services; and 
 third-party professional services and consulting organizations. 
 
 We believe we offer customers a unique mix of products, expertise and capabilities that allows us to compete effectively in our target markets. However, many of our competitors are larger than FICO, have more development, sales and marketing resources than FICO, and some have larger shares of our target geographic or product markets. 
 We believe the principal competitive factors affecting our markets include technical performance; access to unique proprietary analytical models and data; product attributes like adaptability, scalability, interoperability, functionality, and ease-of-use; on-premises and SaaS product availability; product price; customer service and support; the effectiveness of sales and marketing efforts; existing market penetration; and reputation. Although we believe our products and services compete favorably with respect to these factors, we may not be able to maintain our competitive position against current and future competitors. 
 
 Scores 
 In our Scores segment, we compete with both outside suppliers and in-house analytics. Primary competitors among outside suppliers of scoring models are the three major consumer reporting agencies in the U.S. and Canada, which are also our partners in offering our scoring solutions, and VantageScore (a joint venture entity established by the major U.S. consumer reporting agencies). Additional competitors include consumer reporting agencies outside the U.S. like CRIF Ratings, which operates in the European Union, and other data providers like LexisNexis and ChoicePoint, some of which also are our partners. 
 For our offerings that deliver credit scores, credit reports and consumer credit education solutions directly to consumers, we compete with other direct to consumer credit and identity services such as Credit Karma, Credit Sesame, Experian and TransUnion, some of which are also our partners. 
 
 Software 
 The competition in our Software segment varies by application. In the fraud and financial crimes market for banking, we compete primarily with Nice Actimize, Experian, Pegasystems, BAE Systems Applied Intelligence, SAS, ACI Worldwide, IBM, Feedzai and Featurespace. In the customer origination market, we compete with Experian, Equifax, Moody s, Meridian Link, and CGI, among others. In the customer management market, we compete with Experian and SAS, among others. In the marketing services market, we compete with Pegasystems, Equifax, Experian, SAS, Adobe and Salesforce, among others. 

PRODUCT PROTECTION AND TRADEMARKS 
 
 We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws and confidentiality agreements and procedures to protect our proprietary rights. 
 We retain the title to and protect the suite of models and software used to develop scoring models as a trade secret. We also restrict access to our source code and limit access to and distribution of our software, documentation, and other proprietary information. We have generally relied upon the laws protecting trade secrets and upon contractual nondisclosure safeguards and restrictions on transferability to protect our software and proprietary interests in our product and service methodology and know-how. Our confidentiality procedures include invention assignment and proprietary information agreements with our employees and independent contractors, and nondisclosure agreements with our distributors, strategic partners, and customers. We also claim copyright protection for certain proprietary software and documentation. 
 We have patents on many of our technologies and have patent applications pending on other technologies. The patents we hold may not be upheld as valid and may not prevent the development of competitive products. In addition, patents may never be issued on our pending patent applications or on any future applications that we may submit. We currently hold 190 U.S. and 18 foreign patents with 82 applications pending. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Despite our precautions, it may be possible for competitors or users to copy or reproduce aspects of our software or to obtain information that we regard as trade secrets. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the U.S. Patents and other protections for our intellectual property are important, but we believe our success and growth will depend principally on such factors as the knowledge, ability, experience and creative skills of our personnel, new products, frequent product enhancements and name recognition. 
 We have developed technologies for research projects conducted under agreements with various U.S. government agencies or their subcontractors. Although we have acquired commercial rights to these technologies, the U.S. government typically retains ownership of intellectual property rights and licenses in the technologies that we develop under these contracts. In some cases, the U.S. government can terminate our rights to these technologies if we fail to commercialize them on a timely basis. In addition, under U.S. government contracts, the government may make the results of our research public, which could limit our competitive advantage with respect to future products based on funded research. 
 We have used, registered and/or applied to register certain trademarks and service marks for our technologies, products and services. We currently have 31 trademarks registered in the U.S. and select foreign countries. 
 GOVERNMENTAL REGULATION 
 We are subject to a number of U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations that involve matters central to our business. Laws and governmental regulation affect how our business is conducted and, in some cases, subject us to the possibility of government supervision and future lawsuits arising from our products and services. Laws and governmental regulations also influence our current and prospective customers activities, as well as their expectations and needs in relation to our products and services. Laws and regulations that may affect our business and our current and prospective customers activities include, but are not limited to, those summarized below. 
 
 Many U.S. and foreign jurisdictions have passed, or are currently contemplating, a variety of consumer protection, privacy, and data security laws and regulations that may relate to our business or affect the demand for our products and services. For example, the United Kingdom U.K. and European Union E.U. General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR impose, among other things, strict obligations and restrictions on the ability to collect, analyze and transfer U.K. and E.U. personal data, a requirement for prompt notice of data breaches in certain circumstances, and possible substantial fines for any violations (including possible fines for certain violations of up to the greater of 20 million Euros or 4 of total worldwide annual revenue under the E.U. GDPR and up to the greater of 17.5 million Pounds or 4 of annual global turnover under the U.K. GDPR). A decision in July 2020 by the Court of Justice of the European Union i.e. , Schrems II), called into question certain data transfer mechanisms between the E.U. and the U.S. In June 2021, the European Commission issued new standard contractual clauses SCCs governing cross-border data transfers and data exchanges among controllers and processors, which reflect more recent data protection laws, such as the GDPR, and account for the analysis in the Schrems II decision. Our transition to the new SCCs, which may involve interpretive issues and may have an adverse impact on cross-border transfers of personal data, may subject us to additional scrutiny from E.U. regulators or may increase our costs of compliance. Brazil, India, South Africa, Japan, China, Israel, Canada, and several other countries have introduced and, in some cases, enacted, similar privacy and data security laws. 
 
 The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA gives California residents certain privacy rights in the collection and disclosure of their personal information and requires businesses to make certain disclosures and take certain other acts in furtherance of those rights. Additionally, effective starting January 1, 2023, the California Privacy Rights Act (the CPRA will revise and significantly expand the scope of the CCPA. The CPRA also creates a new California data protection agency authorized to implement and enforce the CCPA and the CPRA, which could result in increased privacy and information security enforcement . Other U.S. states have considered and/or enacted similar privacy laws, including Virginia and Colorado, which passed new consumer privacy laws in 2021. 
 
 The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act ("GLBA") regulates, among other things, the receipt, use, disclosure, and security of non-public personal information of consumers held by financial institutions and applies indirectly to companies that provide services to financial institutions. As a provider of services to financial institutions, portions of our business are subject to obligations to comply with certain GLBA provisions, including limitations on the use or disclosure of the underlying data and rules relating to the technological, physical and administrative safeguarding of non-public personal information. 
 
 The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 HIPAA and the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act HITECH and their respective implementing regulations impose specified requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. Among other things, HITECH makes HIPAA s security standards directly applicable to business associates. We function as a business associate for certain of our customers that are HIPAA-covered entities and service providers and, in that context, we are regulated as a business associate for the purposes of HIPAA. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Dodd-Frank Act prohibits unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices UDAAP with respect to consumer financial services practices and provides the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the CFPB with enforcement authority to enforce those provisions. In certain circumstances, the CFPB also has examination and supervision powers with respect to service providers who provide a material service to a financial institution offering consumer financial products and services. Further, the CFPB has authority to designate non-depository larger participants in certain markets for consumer financial services and products for purposes of the CFPB s supervisory authority under the Dodd-Frank Act. Such designated larger participants are subject to reporting and on-site compliance examinations by the CFPB, which may result in increased compliance costs and potentially greater enforcement risks based on these supervisory activities. In addition, the regulators of some of our largest financial institution customers may require them to exercise greater oversight and perform more rigorous audits of their key service providers such as us. 
 
 The Federal Trade Commission Act (the FTC Act prohibits unfair methods of competition and unfair or deceptive acts or practices. Under the FTC Act, the FTC s jurisdiction includes the ability to bring enforcement actions based on the security measures we employ to safeguard the personal data of consumers. Allegations that we failed to safeguard or handle such data in a reasonable manner may subject us to regulatory scrutiny or enforcement action. 
 
 The U.S. Fair Credit Reporting Act (the FCRA applies to consumer reporting agencies, as well as data furnishers, and users of consumer reports such as banks and other companies, many of which are our customers. The FCRA provisions govern the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies that engage in the practice of assembling or evaluating information relating to consumers for certain specified purposes. The FCRA limits the type of information that may be reported by consumer reporting agencies, limits the distribution and use of consumer reports, establishes consumer rights to access and dispute their own credit files, includes provisions designed to prevent identity theft and assist fraud victims, requires consumer reporting agencies to make a free annual credit report available to consumers and imposes many other requirements on consumer reporting agencies, data furnishers and users of consumer report information. These requirements can affect the manner and extent to which our customers use our products and services. 
 
 A number of states have enacted requirements similar to the FCRA. Some of these state laws impose additional, or more stringent, requirements than the FCRA, especially in connection with investigations and responses to reported inaccuracies in consumer reports. The FCRA preempts some of these state laws, but the scope of preemption continues to be defined by the courts. Various consumer credit laws and regulations in the foreign countries where we conduct business also affect the products and services we offer to our customers. 
 
 The Credit Repair Organizations Act (the CROA regulates companies that claim to be able to assist consumers in improving their credit standing. There have been efforts to apply the CROA to credit monitoring services offered by consumer reporting agencies and others, which may impact certain of our products and services. 
 
 Special requirements may apply to us when providing services directly or indirectly to U.S. federal, state and local government agencies. The applicable requirements depend upon the monetary value of the awarded contract, the particular government agency awarding or funding the contract, the scope of services to be delivered, and the level of access that the agency will need to provide to us to enable us to perform the contract. For example, we may need to abide by the Privacy Act of 1974, the Internal Revenue Service s Publication 4812, and the Federal Acquisition Regulation and associated supplemental contract clauses. Each of these laws, regulations and contract clauses imposes certain requirements, including measures for the protection of personal information or information that is otherwise categorized as sensitive by the government. Government agencies frequently modify or supplement these requirements, and consequences for violations of applicable requirements may include penalties, civil liability and for severe infractions, criminal liability. 
 
 Additional laws and regulations that may affect our business and our current and prospective customers activities include, but are not limited to, those in the following significant regulatory areas: 
 
 Laws and regulations that limit the use of credit scoring models (e.g., state mortgage trigger or inquiries laws, state insurance restrictions on the use of credit-based insurance scores, and the E.U. Consumer Credit Directive). 
 
 Fair lending laws (e.g., the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and Regulation B, and the Fair Housing Act). 
 
 The Cybersecurity Act of 2015; the U.S. Department of Commerce s National Institute of Standards and Technology s Cybersecurity Framework; the Clarifying Lawful Overseas Use of Data Act; and identity theft, file freezing, and similar state privacy laws. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Laws and regulations related to extension of credit to consumers through the Electronic Fund Transfers Act and Regulation E, as well as non governmental VISA and MasterCard electronic payment standards. 
 
 Laws and regulations applicable to secondary market participants (e.g., The Federal National Mortgage Association Fannie Mae and The Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Freddie Mac )) that could have an impact on our scoring products and revenues, including 12 CFR Part 1254 (Validation and Approval of Credit Score Models) issued by the Federal Housing Finance Agency in accordance with Section 310 of the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 115-174), and any regulations, standards or criteria established pursuant to such laws or regulations. 
 
 Laws and regulations applicable to our customer communication clients and their use of our products and services (e.g., the Telemarketing Sales Rule, Telephone Consumer Protection Act, the CAN-SPAM Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, and regulations promulgated thereunder). 
 
 Laws and regulations applicable to our insurance clients and their use of our insurance products and services. 
 
 The application or extension of consumer protection laws, including implementing regulations (e.g., the Consumer Financial Protection Act, the Truth In Lending Act and Regulation Z, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, and the Military Lending Act). 
 
 Laws and regulations governing the use of the Internet and social media, telemarketing, advertising, endorsements and testimonials. 
 
 Anti-money laundering laws and regulations (e.g., the Bank Secrecy Act and the USA PATRIOT Act). 
 
 Laws and regulations restricting transactions with sanctioned parties and regarding export controls as they apply to FICO products delivered in non-U.S. countries (e.g., Office of Foreign Asset Control sanctions, and Export Administration Regulations). 
 
 We are also subject to federal and state laws that are generally applicable to any U.S. business with national or international operations, such as antitrust laws, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, state unfair or deceptive practices acts and various employment laws. 
 HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Our People 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, we employed 3,662 persons across 31 countries. Of these, our largest representation includes 1,299 (36 based in the United States, 1,296 (35 based in India and 331 (9 based in the United Kingdom. Other than to the extent mandated by applicable law in certain foreign jurisdictions, none of our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement, and no work stoppages were experienced during fiscal 2021. 
 
 Our Board of Directors (our Board and executive leadership team believe that our people are vital to our success. The Leadership Development and Compensation Committee (the LDCC of our Board oversees all human capital management policies, programs and strategies, including but not limited to those regarding talent recruitment, development and retention, health and safety, organizational culture, employee engagement, diversity, equity and inclusion, and compensation and benefits. The LDCC also periodically reviews and reports to the Board with respect to succession planning for our Chief Executive Officer and other senior management positions. In addition, our Chief Human Resources Officer reports to our Board periodically on people-focused programs. 
 
 Employee Engagement 
 
 For much of the past decade, we have conducted quarterly workforce surveys to measure employee engagement and gain feedback and insights from our people about ways to improve the employee experience and the effectiveness of our business operations. The results and insights of these studies are shared with the work team, executive team and our Board and are leveraged to drive positive organizational change. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Examples of organizational changes that have been driven by the insights from these surveys include investments in expanded workforce capacity, targeted recruiting of under-represented groups, broadened and more frequent company-wide communications, expanded employee stock ownership, expanded benefit programs including paid parental leave, enhanced incentive plan funding and expanded investments in professional development and culture-based initiatives to promote inclusiveness and belonging. 
 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 
 FICO is committed to building and reinforcing a culture where individual differences and perspectives are valued. We believe that diverse teams can better relate to and deliver against the many and varied needs of our clients. We also believe that promoting a culture where individual differences are both welcomed and valued allows us to attract the best talent while allowing people to reach their full potential. 
 
 Foundationally, we have adopted a Commitment to Inclusion and Belonging Policy which provides that all employment-related decisions be made in compliance with established equal opportunity statutes. Accordingly, all decisions to employ, transfer, promote, train, compensate or otherwise provide access to benefit programs are to be made in accordance with these statutes. In addition, in the United States we have established an Affirmative Action Program and underlying plans for office locations with 50 or more employees to formally measure, report on and identify needed actions to close any gaps involving the utilization and advancement of women, minorities, disabled persons and veterans. All employees receive mandatory training and testing on this and other foundational and compliance policies during the on-boarding process and every two years thereafter, with people managers receiving training regarding their unique leadership responsibilities. As examples, we have a mandatory training program to identify, prevent and combat prohibited harassment, as well as training and dialogue sessions designed to build understanding of unconscious biases and strategies to overcome them. 
 
 Building on this foundation, we sponsor and provide dedicated funding to multiple employee resource groups ERGs that help support our goals of workforce engagement and a strong sense of inclusion and belonging. FICO ERGs focus on women, race/ethnicity, LGBTQ+ and community support groups. Our FICO Cares ERG encourages our people to connect with and contribute to their community. We encourage employees to participate in volunteer activities by providing work schedule flexibility and paid Community Volunteer Leave. We also support employee cash donations to qualified charitable organizations through our Corporate Matching Gift Program. 
 
 As one strategy to accelerate progress in expanding workforce diversity, we engaged in targeted campus recruiting efforts. In the United States, we formed a new partnership with the Management Leadership for Tomorrow (MLT.org) organization, which helped us connect with Black, Latinx and Native American college students for summer internships followed by offers of full-time employment upon graduation. 
 
 Additional information on our diversity metrics and programs, including our EEO-1 survey results, will be available soon 
 on the Corporate Responsibility page of our website at www.fico.com/en/corporate-responsibility . Information contained on our website is not deemed part of or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Talent Recruitment 
 
 We leverage our organizational culture as a competitive advantage in our efforts to attract talent from the broadest possible pool. We deploy structured selection practices to ensure strong alignment between candidate qualifications and knowledge and skills needed for success in each role, while avoiding unconscious biases. 
 
 Professional Development 
 
 To support professional development, we offer a structured onboarding program with training specific to a variety of identified career paths to help new employees become rapidly engaged and productive. We have invested in building the FICO Integrated Learning Organization ILO ), which is led by our Chief Learning Officer. The ILO develops customized learning content for colleagues, clients and partners around the world. We deliver high quality, targeted new hire onboarding, technology and product skill training, compliance and management and leadership education through this FICO Learning platform. This allows our employees to obtain the knowledge and skills to effectively perform in their current roles, while also preparing them for new opportunities. We also offer financial support for degreed programs through a tuition reimbursement program. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Compensation and Benefit Programs 
 
 We regularly participate in market-based compensation surveys and seek the advice of outside experts to ensure that our base pay and incentive structures are competitive. We create a strong sense of shared purpose by having our CEO and each member of our executive leadership team participate in the same annual cash incentive bonus plan, as all non-sales employees across our organization. 
 
 Over the course of the past five years, we ve steadily and significantly expanded participation in our annual performance-based equity program from 7 to nearly 25 of our workforce. In addition, two years ago, we adopted an Employee Stock Purchase Plan for eligible employees designed to promote even broader equity participation. 
 
 We offer competitive health and welfare benefit plans with significant company subsidies to offset premiums, retirement plans with a competitive company match to encourage participation and flexible paid-time-off programs including vacation, sick time and disability time. We have adopted paid Maternity and Parental Leave benefits totaling up to 12 weeks. 
 
 Health and Safety 
 
 We are committed to providing a safe and healthy workplace. We continuously strive to meet or exceed compliance with all laws, regulations and accepted practices pertaining to workplace safety. All employees and contractors are required to comply with established safety policies, standards and procedures. 
 
 As the COVID-19 pandemic persists, our focus remains on promoting employee health and safety, serving our customers and ensuring business continuity. Beginning in March 2020, our employees were instructed to work from home in each country where we operate. As certain offices have reopened due to the lifting of local government restrictions, we have maintained a Voluntary Work-From-Home Policy providing our people with valued flexibility. In addition, we have implemented a post-pandemic Remote Work Policy permitting our people in countries other than India to elect to work primarily from home on an ongoing basis with 75 percent of eligible employees electing to do so. We have also substantially reduced employee travel to only essential business needs in favor of ongoing video-based meetings. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Business, Market and Strategy Risks 
 The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have negatively affected how we and our customers are operating our businesses. The duration of these effects, and the extent to which they will impact our future revenues, results of operations and overall financial performance, remain uncertain. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a widespread health crisis that has adversely affected the global economy, leading to reduced consumer spending and lending activities and disruptions and volatility in the global capital markets. COVID-19 has caused shutdowns to businesses and cities worldwide and has disrupted supply chains, business operations, travel, and consumer confidence. 
 As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we temporarily closed the majority of our offices (including our corporate headquarters in the United States), but are in the process of re-opening them while extending our company-wide voluntary work from home policy until early January 2022 and allowing the majority of our workforce the flexibility to work remotely on an ongoing basis. In addition, we continue to impose certain travel restrictions where applicable. Both of these actions have disrupted how we operate our business. Due in part to anticipated post-pandemic workforce patterns, in late fiscal 2020 and early fiscal 2021, we permanently closed certain non-core offices, reduced certain other office space and reduced our global workforce. Our operations may be further negatively affected by a range of external factors related to the COVID-19 pandemic that are not within our control. For example, many cities, counties, states, and countries may impose or continue to impose requirements and restrictions related to COVID-19 that affect us, including a wide range of restrictions on our employees , partners and customers physical movement to limit the spread of COVID-19. We postponed, canceled or shifted certain of our customer, employee or industry events to virtual-only experiences and may decide to do so in the future. If the COVID-19 pandemic has a substantial impact on our employees , partners or customers productivity or ability to collaborate, our results of operations and overall financial performance may be harmed. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 The situation surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic is constantly evolving and both the short-term and long-term effects remain unknown. Our customers, and therefore our business and revenues, are sensitive to negative changes in general economic conditions and lending activities. The COVID-19 pandemic may affect the rate of spending on our solutions and could adversely affect our customers ability or willingness to purchase our products and services, cause prospective customers to change product selections or term commitments, delay or cancel their purchasing decisions, extend sales cycles, and potentially increase payment defaults, all of which could adversely affect our future revenues, results of operations and overall financial performance. COVID-19 has adversely affected certain segments and originations volume, which may impact future revenue . We are unable to accurately predict the complete impact that COVID-19 will have on our future results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows due to numerous uncertainties, including the severity and transmission rate of the virus and its variants, the duration and any resurgence of the outbreak, the extent and effectiveness of containment actions, the effectiveness and acceptance of any medical treatment and prevention options, and the impact of these and other factors on us, our employees, customers, partners and vendors, and on worldwide and U.S. economic conditions. If we are not able to respond to and manage these impacts effectively, our business may be harmed to a material extent. 
 We may not be successful in executing our business strategy, which could cause our growth prospects and results of operations to suffer. 
 We have increasingly focused our business strategy on investing significant development resources to enable substantially all of our software to run on FICO Platform, our modular software offering designed to support advanced analytics and decisioning use cases. Our business strategy is designed to enable us to increase our business by selling multiple connectable and extensible products to clients, as well as to enable the development of custom client solutions and to allow our clients to more easily expand their usage and the use cases they enable over time. The market may be unreceptive to our general business approach, including being unreceptive to our cloud-based offerings, unreceptive to purchasing multiple products from us, or unreceptive to our customized solutions. As we continue to pursue our business strategy, we may experience volatility in our revenues and operating results caused by various factors, including differences in revenue recognition treatment between our cloud-based offerings and on-premises software licenses, the timing of investments and other expenditures necessary to develop and operate our cloud-based offerings, and the adoption of new sales and delivery methods. If our business strategy is not successful, we may not be able to grow our business, growth may occur more slowly than we anticipate, or our revenues and profits may decline. 
 
 We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from a small number of products and services, and if the market does not continue to accept these products and services, our revenues will decline. 
 
 We expect that revenues derived from our scoring solutions, fraud solutions, customer communication services, customer management solutions and decision management software will continue to account for a substantial portion of our total revenues for the foreseeable future. Our revenues will decline if the market does not continue to accept these products and services. Factors that might affect the market acceptance of these products and services include the following: 
 
 changes in the business analytics industry; 
 changes in technology; 
 our inability to obtain or use key data for our products; 
 saturation or contraction of market demand; 
 loss of key customers; 
 industry consolidation; 
 failure to successfully adopt cloud-based technologies; 
 our inability to obtain regulatory approvals for our products and services, including credit score models; 
 the increasing availability of free or relatively inexpensive consumer credit, credit score and other information from public or commercial sources; 
 failure to execute our selling approach; and 
 inability to successfully sell our products in new vertical markets. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Our revenues depend, to a great extent, upon conditions in the banking (including consumer credit) industry. If our clients industry experiences uncertainty, it will likely harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 During fiscal 2021, 89 of our revenues were derived from sales of products and services to the banking industry. Periods of global economic uncertainty experienced in the past have produced substantial stress, volatility, illiquidity and disruption of global credit and other financial markets, resulting in the bankruptcy or acquisition of, or government assistance to, several major domestic and international financial institutions. The potential for future stress and disruptions, including in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, presents considerable risks to our businesses and operations. These risks include potential bankruptcies or credit deterioration of financial institutions, many of which are our customers. Such disruption would result in a decline in the revenue we receive from financial and other institutions. In addition, if consumer demand for financial services and products and the number of credit applications decrease, the demand for our products and services could also be materially reduced. These types of disruptions could lead to a decline in the volumes of services we provide our customers and could negatively impact our revenue and results of operations. 
 
 While the rate of account growth in the U.S. bankcard industry has been slow and many of our large institutional customers have consolidated in recent years, we have generated most of our revenue growth from our bankcard-related scoring and account management businesses by selling and cross-selling our products and services to large banks and other credit issuers. As the banking industry continues to experience contraction in the number of participating institutions, we may have fewer opportunities for revenue growth due to reduced or changing demand for our products and services that support customer acquisition programs of our customers. In addition, industry contraction could affect the base of recurring revenues derived from contracts in which we are paid on a per-transaction basis as formerly separate customers combine their operations under one contract. There can be no assurance that we will be able to prevent future revenue contraction or effectively promote future revenue growth in our businesses. 
 
 While we are attempting to expand our sales of consumer credit and banking products and services into international markets, the risks are greater as these markets are also experiencing substantial disruption and we are less well-known in them. 
 
 We rely on relatively few customers, as well as our contracts with the three major consumer reporting agencies, for a significant portion of our revenues and profits. Many of our customers are significantly larger than we are and may have greater bargaining power. The businesses of our largest customers depend, in large part, on favorable macroeconomic conditions. If these customers are negatively impacted by weak global economic conditions, global economic volatility or the terms of these relationships otherwise change, our revenues and operating results could decline. 
 
 Most of our customers are relatively large enterprises, such as banks, credit card issuers, insurers, retailers, telecommunications providers, automotive companies, public agencies, and organizations in other industries. As a result, many of our customers and potential customers are significantly larger than we are and may have sufficient bargaining power to demand reduced prices and favorable nonstandard terms. 
 
 In addition, the U.S. and other key international economies are experiencing and have experienced in the past a downturn in which economic activity was impacted by falling demand for a variety of goods and services, restricted credit, poor liquidity, reduced corporate profitability, volatility in credit, equity and foreign exchange markets, bankruptcies and overall uncertainty with respect to the economy. The potential for economic disruption presents considerable risks to our business, including potential bankruptcies or credit deterioration of financial institutions with which we have substantial relationships. Such disruption, whether arising in connection with the current COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise, could result in a decline in the volume of transactions that we execute for our customers. 
 
 We also derive a substantial portion of our revenues and operating income from our contracts with the three major consumer reporting agencies in the U.S., Experian, TransUnion and Equifax, and other parties that distribute our products to certain markets. The loss of or a significant change in a relationship with one of the three consumer reporting agencies with respect to their distribution of our products or with respect to our myFICO offerings, the loss of or a significant change in a relationship with a major customer, the loss of or a significant change in a relationship with a significant third-party distributor (including payment card processors), or the loss of or delay of significant revenues from these sources, could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 If use of the FICO Score by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were to cease or decline, it could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, results of operations and stock price. 
 
 A significant portion of our revenues in our Scores segment is attributable to the U.S. mortgage market, which includes, for conforming mortgages in that market, a requirement of The Federal National Mortgage Association Fannie Mae and The Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Freddie Mac that U.S. lenders provide FICO Scores for each mortgage delivered to them. However, their continued use of the FICO Score is currently subject to validation and approval by those enterprises and the Federal Housing Finance Agency. If Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac approve other credit score models for use by them, or do not approve the FICO Score for continued use by them, it could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, results of operations and stock price. 
 
 If we are unable to access new markets or develop new distribution channels, our business and growth prospects could suffer. 
 
 We expect that part of the growth that we seek to achieve through our business strategy will be derived from the sale of products and service solutions in industries and markets we do not currently serve. We also expect to grow our business by delivering our solutions through additional distribution channels. If we fail to penetrate these industries and markets to the degree we anticipate utilizing our business strategy, or if we fail to develop additional distribution channels, we may not be able to grow our business, growth may occur more slowly than we anticipate, or our revenues and profits may decline. 
 
 If we are unable to develop successful new products or if we experience defects, failures and delays associated with the introduction of new products, our business could suffer serious harm. 
 
 Our growth and the success of our business strategy depend upon our ability to develop and sell new products or suites of products, including the development and sale of our cloud-based product offerings. If we are unable to develop new products, or if we are not successful in introducing new products, we may not be able to grow our business or growth may occur more slowly than we anticipate. In addition, significant undetected errors or delays in new products or new versions of products may affect market acceptance of our products and could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. In the past, we have experienced delays while developing and introducing new products and product enhancements, primarily due to difficulties developing models, acquiring data, and adapting to particular operating environments or certain client or other systems. We have also experienced errors or bugs in our software products, despite testing prior to release of the products. Software errors in our products could affect the ability of our products to work with other hardware or software products, could delay the development or release of new products or new versions of products, and could adversely affect market acceptance of our products. Errors or defects in our products that are significant, or are perceived to be significant, could result in rejection of our products, damage to our reputation, loss of revenues, diversion of development resources, an increase in product liability claims, and increases in service and support costs and warranty claims. 
 
 Our ability to increase our revenues will depend to some extent upon introducing new products and services. If the marketplace does not accept these new products and services, our revenues may decline. 
 
 To increase our revenues, we must enhance and improve existing products and continue to introduce new products and new versions of existing products that keep pace with technological developments, satisfy increasingly sophisticated customer requirements and achieve market acceptance. We believe much of the future growth of our business and the success of our business strategy will rest on our ability to continue to expand into newer markets for our products and services. Such areas are relatively new to our product development and sales and marketing personnel. Products that we plan to market in the future are in various stages of development. We cannot assure you that the marketplace will accept these products. If our current or potential customers are not willing to switch to or adopt our new products and services, either as a result of the quality of these products and services or due to other factors, such as economic conditions, our revenues will decrease. 
 
 If we fail to keep up with rapidly changing technologies, our products could become less competitive or obsolete. 
 
 In our markets, technology changes rapidly, and there are continuous improvements in computer hardware, network operating systems, programming tools, programming languages, operating systems, database technologies, cloud-based technologies and the use of the Internet. If we fail to enhance our current products and develop new products in response to changes in technology or industry standards, or if we fail to bring product enhancements or new product developments to market quickly enough, our products could rapidly become less competitive or obsolete. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to: 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 innovate by internally developing new and competitive technologies; 
 use leading third-party technologies effectively; 
 continue to develop our technical expertise; 
 anticipate and effectively respond to changing customer needs; 
 initiate new product introductions in a way that minimizes the impact of customers delaying purchases of existing products in anticipation of new product releases; and 
 influence and respond to emerging industry standards and other technological changes. 
 
 Our product and pricing strategies may not be successful. If our competitors introduce new products and pricing strategies, it could decrease our product sales and market share, or could pressure us to reduce our product prices in a manner that reduces our margins. 
 
 Demand for our products and services may be sensitive to product and pricing changes we implement, and our product and pricing strategies may not be accepted by the market. If our customers fail to accept our product and pricing strategies, our revenues, results of operations and business may suffer. In addition, we may not be able to compete successfully against our competitors, and this inability could impair our capacity to sell our products. The market for our solutions is intensely competitive and is constantly changing, and we expect competition to persist and intensify. Our regional and global competitors vary in size and in the scope of the products and services they offer, and include: 
 
 in-house analytic and systems developers; 
 neural network developers and artificial intelligence system builders; 
 fraud and compliance solutions providers; 
 scoring model builders; 
 providers of credit reports and credit scores; 
 software companies supplying predictive analytic modeling, rules, or analytic development tools; 
 entity resolution and social network analysis solutions providers; 
 providers of customer engagement and risk management solutions; 
 providers of account/workflow management software; 
 business process management and decision rules management providers; 
 enterprise resource planning and customer relationship management solutions providers; 
 business intelligence solutions providers; 
 providers of automated application processing services; and 
 third-party professional services and consulting organizations. 
 
 We expect to experience additional competition from other established and emerging companies. This could include customers of ours that develop their own scoring models or other products, and as a result no longer purchase or reduce their purchases from us. We also expect to experience competition from other technologies. For example, certain of our fraud solutions products compete against other methods of preventing payment card fraud, such as payment cards that contain the cardholder s photograph; smart cards; cardholder verification and authentication solutions; biometric measures on devices including fingerprint and face matching; and other card authorization techniques and user verification techniques. 
 
 Many of our existing and anticipated competitors have greater financial, technical, marketing, professional services and other resources than we do, and industry consolidation is creating even larger competitors in many of our markets. As a result, our competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements. They may also be able to devote greater resources than we can to develop, promote and sell their products. Many of these companies have extensive customer relationships, including relationships with many of our current and potential customers. Furthermore, new competitors or alliances among competitors may emerge and rapidly gain significant market share. For example, Experian, TransUnion and Equifax have formed an alliance that has developed a credit scoring product competitive with our products. If we are unable to respond as quickly or effectively to changes in customer requirements as our competition, our ability to expand our business and sell our products will be negatively affected. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Our competitors may be able to sell products competitive to ours at lower prices individually or as part of integrated suites of several related products. This ability may cause our customers to purchase products that directly compete with our products from our competitors. Price reductions by our competitors could negatively impact our margins and could also harm our ability to obtain new long-term contracts and renewals of existing long-term contracts on favorable terms. 
 
 We rely on relationships with third parties for marketing, distribution and certain services. If we experience difficulties in these relationships, including competition from these third parties, our future revenues may be adversely affected. 
 
 Many of our products rely on distributors, and we intend to continue to market and distribute our products through existing and future distributor relationships. Our Scores segment relies on, among others, Experian, TransUnion and Equifax. Failure of our existing and future distributors to generate significant revenues or otherwise perform their expected services or functions, demands by such distributors to change the terms on which they offer our products, or our failure to establish additional distribution or sales and marketing alliances, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, certain of our distributors presently compete with us and may compete with us in the future, either by developing competitive products themselves or by distributing competitive offerings. For example, Experian, TransUnion and Equifax have developed a credit scoring product to compete directly with our products and are collectively selling the product. Competition from distributors or other sales and marketing partners could significantly harm sales of our products and services. 
 
 Our reengineering efforts may cause our growth prospects and profitability to suffer. 
 
 As part of our management approach, we pursue ongoing reengineering efforts designed to grow revenues through strategic resource allocation and improve profitability through cost reductions. For example, in September 2020, we implemented a course of action designed to reduce our operating costs in lower value, less strategic areas of our business in order to facilitate incremental investment in higher value, more strategic areas while also reducing our facilities footprint in light of anticipated post-pandemic workforce patterns. In September 2021, we further reduced our operating costs primarily through a reduction of headcount. In addition, we have implemented a Remote Work Policy which allows a portion of our workforce to partially or fully work from home. These and other reengineering efforts may not be successful over the long term should we fail to reduce expenses at the anticipated level, should we fail to increase revenues to anticipated levels or at all, or should productivity decline or employees ability to collaborate fall as a result of the Remote Work Policy. If our reengineering efforts are not successful over the long term, our revenues, results of operations and business may suffer. 
 
 There can be no assurance that strategic divestitures will provide business benefits. 
 
 As part of our strategy, we continuously evaluate our portfolio of businesses. We have previously and may in the future make other changes to our portfolio as well, which may be material. Divestitures involve risks, including: 
 
 disruption of our operations or businesses; 
 reductions of our revenues or earnings per share; 
 difficulties in the separation of operations, services, products and personnel; 
 finding a suitable purchaser; 
 disposing of businesses or assets at a price or on terms that are less favorable than we had anticipated, or with purchase price adjustments or the exclusion of assets or liabilities that must be divested, managed or run off separately; 
 diversion of management's attention from our other businesses; 
 the potential loss of key personnel; 
 adverse effects on relationships with our customers, suppliers or their businesses; 
 the erosion of employee morale or customer confidence; and 
 the retention of contingent liabilities related to the divested business. 
 
 If we do not successfully manage the risks associated with divestitures, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected as the potential strategic benefits may not be realized or may take longer to realize than expected. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Our acquisition activities may disrupt our ongoing business and may involve increased expenses, and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals contemplated at the time of a transaction. 
 
 We have acquired and expect to continue to acquire companies, businesses, products, services and technologies. Acquisitions involve significant risks and uncertainties, including: 
 
 our ongoing business may be disrupted and our management s attention may be diverted by acquisition, transition or integration activities; 
 an acquisition may not further our business strategy as we expected, we may not integrate acquired operations or technology as successfully as we expected or we may overpay for our investments, or otherwise not realize the expected return, which could adversely affect our business or operating results; 
 we may be unable to retain the key employees, customers and other business partners of the acquired operation; 
 we may have difficulties entering new markets where we have no or limited direct prior experience or where competitors may have stronger market positions; 
 our operating results or financial condition may be adversely impacted by known or unknown claims or liabilities we assume in an acquisition or that are imposed on us as a result of an acquisition, including claims by government agencies or authorities, terminated employees, current or former customers, former stockholders or other third parties; 
 we could incur material charges in connection with the impairment of goodwill or other assets that we acquire; 
 a company that we acquire may have experienced a security incident that it has yet to discover, investigate and remediate which we might not be identify in a timely manner and which could spread more broadly to other parts of our company during the integration effort; 
 we may incur material charges as a result of acquisition costs, costs incurred in combining and/or operating the acquired business, or liabilities assumed in the acquisition that are greater than anticipated; 
 we may not realize the anticipated increase in our revenues from an acquisition for a number of reasons, including if a larger than predicted number of customers decline to renew their contracts, if we are unable to incorporate the acquired technologies or products with our existing product lines in a uniform manner, if we are unable to sell the acquired products to our customer base or if contract models of an acquired company or changes in accounting treatment do not allow us to recognize revenues on a timely basis; 
 our use of cash to pay for acquisitions may limit other potential uses of our cash, including stock repurchases, dividend payments and retirement of outstanding indebtedness; and 
 to the extent we issue a significant amount of equity securities in connection with future acquisitions, existing stockholders may be diluted and earnings per share may decrease. 
 
 Because acquisitions are inherently risky, our transactions may not be successful and may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. Acquisitions of businesses having a significant presence outside the U.S. will increase our exposure to the risks of conducting operations in international markets. 
 
 We will continue to rely upon proprietary technology rights, and if we are unable to protect them, our business could be harmed. 
 
 Our success depends, in part, upon our proprietary technology and other intellectual property rights. To date, we have relied primarily on a combination of copyright, patent, trade secret, and trademark laws, and nondisclosure and other contractual restrictions on copying and distribution, to protect our proprietary technology. This protection of our proprietary technology is limited, and our proprietary technology could be used by others without our consent. In addition, patents may not be issued with respect to our pending or future patent applications, and our patents may not be upheld as valid or may not prevent the development of competitive products. Any disclosure, loss, invalidity of, or failure to protect our intellectual property could negatively impact our competitive position, and ultimately, our business. There can be no assurance that our protection of our intellectual property rights in the U.S. or abroad will be adequate or that others, including our competitors, will not use our proprietary technology without our consent. Furthermore, litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Some of our technologies were developed under research projects conducted under agreements with various U.S. government agencies or subcontractors. Although we have commercial rights to these technologies, the U.S. government typically retains ownership of intellectual property rights and licenses in the technologies developed by us under these contracts, and in some cases can terminate our rights in these technologies if we fail to commercialize them on a timely basis. Under these contracts with the U.S. government, the results of research may be made public by the government, limiting our competitive advantage with respect to future products based on our research. 
 
 Operational Risks 
 
 If our cybersecurity measures are compromised or unauthorized access to customer or consumer data is otherwise obtained, our products and services may be perceived as not being secure, customers may curtail or cease their use of our products and services, our reputation may be damaged and we could incur significant liabilities. 
 
 Because our business requires the storage, transmission and utilization of sensitive consumer and customer information, we will continue to routinely be the target of attempted cybersecurity and other security threats by outside third parties, including technically sophisticated and well-resourced bad actors attempting to access or steal the data we store. Many of our products are provided by us through the Internet. We may be exposed to additional cybersecurity threats as we migrate our data from our legacy systems to cloud-based solutions. We operate in an environment of significant risk of cybersecurity incidents resulting from unintentional events or deliberate attacks by third parties or insiders, which may involve exploiting highly obscure security vulnerabilities or sophisticated attack methods. These threats include phishing attacks on our email systems and other cyber-attacks, including state-sponsored cyber-attacks, industrial espionage, insider threats, denial-of-service attacks, computer viruses, ransomware and other malware, payment fraud or other cyber incidents. As a software and technology vendor, we may incorporate or distribute software or other materials from third parties. Attacks or other threats to our supply chain for such software and materials may render us unable to provide assurances of the origin of such software and materials, and could put us at risk of distributing software or other materials that may cause harm to ourselves, our customers or other third parties. 
 
 Cybersecurity breaches could expose us to a risk of loss, the unauthorized disclosure of consumer or customer information, significant litigation, regulatory fines, penalties, loss of customers or reputational damage, indemnity obligations and other liability. If our cybersecurity measures are breached as a result of third-party action, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, and as a result, someone obtains unauthorized access to our systems or to consumer or customer information, sensitive data may be accessed, stolen, disclosed or lost, our reputation may be damaged, our business may suffer and we could incur significant liability. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or to sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, or even for some time after, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques, implement adequate preventative measures or remediate any intrusion on a timely or effective basis. Because a successful breach of our computer systems, software, networks or other technology asset could occur and persist for an extended period of time before being detected, we may not be able to immediately address the consequences of a cybersecurity incident. 
 
 Malicious third parties may also conduct attacks designed to temporarily deny customers, distributors and vendors access to our systems and services. Cybersecurity breaches experienced by our vendors, by our distributors, by our customers, by companies that we acquire, or by us may trigger governmental notice requirements and public disclosures, which may lead to widespread negative publicity. Any such cybersecurity breach, whether actual or perceived, could harm our reputation, erode customer confidence in the effectiveness of our security measures, negatively impact our ability to attract new customers, cause existing customers to curtail or cease their use of our products and services, cause regulatory or industry changes that impact our products and services, or subject us to third-party lawsuits, regulatory fines or other action or liability, all of which could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic may cause increased cybersecurity risk, as cybercriminals attempt to capitalize from the disruption, including remote working arrangements. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 If we experience business interruptions or failure of our information technology and communication systems, the availability of our products and services could be interrupted which could adversely affect our reputation, business and financial condition. 
 
 Our ability to provide reliable service in our businesses depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our data centers, information technology and communication systems, and increasingly those of our external service providers, including Amazon Web Services. As we continue to grow our SaaS business, our dependency on the continuing operation and availability of these systems increases. Our systems and data centers, and those of our external service providers, could be exposed to damage or interruption. These interruptions can include software or hardware malfunctions, communication failures, outages or other failures of third-party environments or service providers, fires, floods, earthquakes, pandemics (including the COVID-19 pandemic), war, terrorist acts or civil unrest, power losses, equipment failures, computer viruses, denial-of-service or other cybersecurity attacks, employee or insider malfeasance, human error and other events beyond our control. Although we have taken steps to prevent system failures and we have installed back-up systems and procedures to prevent or reduce disruption, such steps may not be sufficient to prevent an interruption of services and our disaster recovery planning may not account for all eventualities. 
 
 An operational failure or outage in any of these systems, or damage to or destruction of these systems, which causes disruptions in our services, could result in loss of customers, damage to customer relationships, reduced revenues and profits, refunds of customer charges and damage to our brand and reputation and may require us to incur substantial additional expense to repair or replace damaged equipment and recover data loss caused by the interruption. Any one or more of the foregoing occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 
 The failure to recruit and retain additional qualified personnel could hinder our ability to successfully manage our business. 
 
 Our business strategy and our future success will depend in large part on our ability to attract and retain experienced sales, consulting, research and development, marketing, technical support and management personnel. The complexity of our products requires highly trained personnel for research and development and to assist customers with product installation, deployment, maintenance and support. The labor market for these individuals is very competitive due to the limited number of people available with the necessary technical skills and understanding and may become more competitive with general market and economic improvement. We cannot be certain that our compensation strategies will be perceived as competitive by current or prospective employees. This could impair our ability to recruit and retain personnel. We have experienced difficulty in recruiting qualified personnel, especially technical, sales and consulting personnel, and we may need additional staff to support new customers and/or increased customer needs. We may also recruit skilled technical professionals from other countries to work in the U.S., and from the U.S. and other countries to work abroad. Limitations imposed by immigration laws in the U.S. and abroad and the availability of visas in the countries where we do business could hinder our ability to attract necessary qualified personnel and harm our business and future operating results. There is a risk that even if we invest significant resources in attempting to attract, train and retain qualified personnel, we will not succeed in our efforts, and our business could be harmed. The failure of the value of our stock to appreciate may adversely affect our ability to use equity and equity-based incentive plans to attract and retain personnel, and may require us to use alternative and more expensive forms of compensation for this purpose. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 The failure to obtain certain forms of model construction data from our customers or others could harm our business. 
 
 Our business requires that we develop or obtain a reliable source of sufficient amounts of current and statistically relevant data to analyze transactions and update our products. In most cases, these data must be periodically updated and refreshed to enable our products to continue to work effectively in a changing environment. We do not own or control much of the data that we require, most of which is collected privately and maintained in proprietary databases. Customers and key business partners provide us with the data we require to analyze transactions, report results and build new models. Our business strategy depends in part upon our ability to access new forms of data to develop custom and proprietary analytic tools. If we fail to maintain sufficient data sourcing relationships with our customers and business partners, or if they decline to provide such data due to privacy, security, competition or regulatory concerns, prohibitions or a lack of permission from their customers or partners, we could lose access to required data and our products, and the development of new products, might become less effective. We could also become subject to increased legislative, regulatory or judicial restrictions or mandates on the collection, disclosure, transfer or use of such data, in particular if such data is not collected by our providers in a way that allows us to legally use the data. Third parties have asserted copyright and other intellectual property interests in these data, and these assertions, if successful, could prevent us from using these data. We may not be successful in maintaining our relationships with these external data source providers or in continuing to obtain data from them on acceptable terms or at all. Any interruption of our supply of data could seriously harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Global Operational Risks 
 
 Material adverse developments in global economic conditions, or the occurrence of certain other world events, could affect demand for our products and services and harm our business. 
 
 Purchases of technology products and services and decisioning solutions are subject to adverse economic conditions. When an economy is struggling, companies in many industries delay or reduce technology purchases, and we experience softened demand for our decisioning solutions and other products and services. Global economic uncertainty in the past, and currently as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, has produced substantial stress, volatility, illiquidity and disruption of global credit and other financial markets. The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected the global economy, leading to reduced consumer spending and lending activities and disruptions and volatility in the global capital markets. The pandemic has also caused shutdowns to businesses and cities worldwide and has disrupted supply chains, business operations, travel, and consumer confidence. 
 
 Economic uncertainty has and could continue to negatively affect the businesses and purchasing decisions of companies in the industries we serve. Such disruptions present considerable risks to our businesses and operations. As global economic conditions experience stress and negative volatility, or if there is an escalation in regional or global conflicts or terrorism, we will likely experience reductions in the number of available customers and in capital expenditures by our remaining customers, longer sales cycles, deferral or delay of purchase commitments for our products and increased price competition, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and liquidity. 
 
 We are subject to risks and uncertainties associated with the United Kingdom s withdrawal from the European Union E.U. ), commonly referred to as Brexit, including implications for the free flow of labor and goods in the United Kingdom U.K. and the E.U. and other economic, financial, legal, tax and trade implications. The post-Brexit relationship between the U.K. and the E.U. continues to evolve, which could cause disruptions to and create uncertainty surrounding our business in the U.K., including affecting our relationships with our existing and future customers, suppliers and employees, and could contribute to long-term instability in financial, stock and currency exchange markets, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial results and operations. Further, any continuing legal or economic disruptions resulting from Brexit may negatively impact our clients with operations in the U.K., which may cause them to reduce their spending budget on our products and services. 
 
 As a result of these conditions, risks and uncertainties, we may need to modify our strategies, businesses or operations, and we may incur additional costs in order to compete in a changed business environment. Given the volatile nature of the global economic environment and the uncertainties underlying efforts to stabilize it, we may not timely anticipate or manage existing, new or additional risks, as well as contingencies or developments, which may include regulatory developments and trends in new products and services. Our failure to do so could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 In operations outside the U.S., we are subject to additional risks that may harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 A large portion of our revenues is derived from international sales. During fiscal 2021, 28 of our revenues were derived from business outside the U.S. As part of our growth strategy, we plan to continue to pursue opportunities outside the U.S., including opportunities in countries with economic systems that are in early stages of development and that may not mature sufficiently to result in growth for our business. Accordingly, our future operating results could be negatively affected by a variety of factors arising out of international commerce, some of which are beyond our control. These factors include: 
 
 general economic and political conditions in countries where we sell our products and services; 
 difficulty in staffing and efficiently managing our operations in multiple geographic locations and in various countries; 
 effects of a variety of foreign laws and regulations, including restrictions on access to personal information; 
 data privacy and consumer protection laws and regulations; 
 import and export licensing requirements; 
 longer payment cycles; 
 difficulties in enforcing contracts and collecting accounts receivable; 
 reduced protection for intellectual property rights; 
 currency fluctuations; 
 unfavorable tax rules or changes in tariffs and other trade barriers; 
 the presence and acceptance of varying levels of business corruption in international markets; 
 terrorism, war, natural disasters and pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic; and 
 difficulties and delays in translating products and related documentation into foreign languages. 
 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully address each of these challenges. Additionally, some of our business will be conducted in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are not currently material to our cash flows, financial position or results of operations. However, an increase in our foreign revenues could subject us to increased foreign currency transaction risks in the future. 
 
 In addition to the risk of depending on international sales, we have risks incurred in having research and development personnel located in various international locations. We currently have a substantial portion of our product development staff in international locations, some of which have political and developmental risks. If such risks materialize, our business could be damaged. 
 
 Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risks 
 
 Laws and regulations in the U.S. and abroad that apply to us or to our customers may expose us to liability, cause us to incur significant expense, affect our ability to compete in certain markets, limit the profitability of or demand for our products, or render our products obsolete. If these laws and regulations require us to change our products and services, it could adversely affect our business and results of operations. New legislation or regulations, or changes to existing laws and regulations, may also negatively impact our business and increase our costs of doing business. 
 
 Laws and governmental regulation affect how our business is conducted and, in some cases, subject us to the possibility of government supervision and future lawsuits arising from our products and services. Laws and governmental regulations also influence our current and prospective customers activities, as well as their expectations and needs in relation to our products and services. Laws and regulations that may affect our business and our current and prospective customers activities include, but are not limited to, those in the following significant regulatory areas: 
 
 Privacy and security laws and regulations that limit the use and disclosure of personally identifiable information, require security procedures, or otherwise apply to the collection, processing, storage, use and transfer of protected data (e.g., the U.S. Financial Services Modernization Act of 1999, also known as the Gramm Leach Bliley Act; the General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR and country-specific data protection laws enacted to supplement the GDPR; and identity theft, file freezing, security breach notification and similar state privacy laws); 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Laws and regulations relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information, including t he Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 HIPAA and the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act HITECH and their respective implementing regulations; 
 Financial regulatory reform stemming from the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the many regulations mandated by that Act, including regulations issued by, and the supervisory and investigative authority of, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau; 
 The application or extension of consumer protection laws, including implementing regulations (e.g., the Consumer Financial Protection Act, the Federal Trade Commission Act, the Truth In Lending Act and Regulation Z, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, the Military Lending Act, and the Credit Repair Organizations Act); 
 Use of data by creditors and consumer reporting agencies (e.g., the U.S. Fair Credit Reporting Act and similar state laws); 
 Special requirements that may apply when we provide services directly or indirectly to U.S. federal, state and local government agencies (e.g., the Privacy Act of 1974, the Internal Revenue Service s Publication 4812 and the Federal Acquisition Regulation); 
 Laws and regulations that limit the use of credit scoring models (e.g., state mortgage trigger or inquiries laws, state insurance restrictions on the use of credit-based insurance scores, and the E.U. Consumer Credit Directive); 
 Fair lending laws (e.g., the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and Regulation B, and the Fair Housing Act); 
 The Cybersecurity Act of 2015; the U.S. Department of Commerce s National Institute of Standards and Technology s Cybersecurity Framework; the Clarifying Lawful Overseas Use of Data Act; and identity theft, file freezing, and similar state privacy laws; 
 Laws and regulations related to extension of credit to consumers through the Electronic Fund Transfers Act and Regulation E, as well as non governmental VISA and MasterCard electronic payment standards; 
 Laws and regulations applicable to secondary market participants (e.g., Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac) that could have an impact on our scoring products and revenues, including 12 CFR Part 1254 (Validation and Approval of Credit Score Models) issued by the Federal Housing Finance Agency in accordance with Section 310 of the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 115-174), and any regulations, standards or criteria established pursuant to such laws or regulations; 
 Laws and regulations applicable to our customer communication clients and their use of our products and services (e.g., the Telemarketing Sales Rule, Telephone Consumer Protection Act, the CAN-SPAM Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, and regulations promulgated thereunder); 
 Laws and regulations applicable to our insurance clients and their use of our insurance products and services; 
 Laws and regulations governing the use of the Internet and social media, telemarketing, advertising, endorsements and testimonials; 
 Anti-money laundering laws and regulations (e.g., the Bank Secrecy Act and the USA PATRIOT Act); 
 Laws and regulations restricting transactions with sanctioned parties and regarding export controls as they apply to FICO products delivered in non-U.S. countries (e.g., Office of Foreign Asset Control sanctions and Export Administration Regulations); 
 Anti-bribery and corruption laws and regulations (e.g., the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the UK Bribery Act 2010); 
 Financial regulatory standards (e.g., Sarbanes-Oxley Act requirements to maintain and verify internal process controls, including controls for material event awareness and notification); and 
 Regulatory requirements for managing third parties (e.g., vendors, contractors, suppliers and distributors). 

In addition, many U.S. and foreign jurisdictions have passed, or are currently contemplating, a variety of consumer protection, privacy, and data security laws and regulations that may relate to our business or affect the demand for our products and services. For example, the U.K and E.U. GDPR impose, among other things, strict obligations and restrictions on the ability to collect, analyze and transfer U.K. and E.U. personal data, a requirement for prompt notice of data breaches in certain circumstances, and possible substantial fines for any violations (including possible fines for certain violations of up to the greater of 20 million Euros or 4 of total worldwide annual revenue under the E.U. GDPR and up to the greater of 17.5 million Pounds or 4 of annual global turnover under the U.K. GDPR). A decision in July 2020 by the Court of Justice of the European Union i.e. , Schrems II), called into question certain data transfer mechanisms between the E.U. and the U.S. In June 2021, the European Commission issued new standard contractual clauses SCCs governing cross-border data transfers and data exchanges among controllers and processors, which reflect more recent data protection laws, such as the GDPR, and account for the analysis in the Schrems II decision. Our transition to the new SCCs, which may involve interpretive issues and may have an adverse impact on cross-border transfers of personal data, may subject us to additional scrutiny from E.U. regulators or may increase our costs of compliance. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Brazil, India, South Africa, Japan, China, Israel, Canada, and several other countries have introduced and, in some cases, enacted, similar privacy and data security laws. 
 
 The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA gives California residents certain privacy rights in the collection and disclosure of their personal information and requires businesses to make certain disclosures and take certain other acts in furtherance of those rights. Additionally, effective starting January 1, 2023, the California Privacy Rights Act (the CPRA will revise and significantly expand the scope of the CCPA. The CPRA also creates a new California data protection agency authorized to implement and enforce the CCPA and the CPRA, which could result in increased privacy and information security enforcement. Other U.S. states have considered and/or enacted similar privacy laws, including Virginia and Colorado, which passed new consumer privacy laws in 2021. 
 
 The costs and other burdens of compliance with privacy and data security laws and regulations could negatively impact the use and adoption of our solutions and reduce overall demand for them. Additionally, concerns regarding data privacy may cause our customers, or their customers and potential customers, to resist providing the data necessary to allow us to deliver our solutions effectively. Even the perception that the privacy of personal information is not satisfactorily protected or does not meet regulatory requirements could inhibit sales of our solutions and any failure to comply with such laws and regulations could lead to significant fines, penalties or other liabilities. Any such decrease in demand or incurred fines, penalties or other liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 In addition to existing laws and regulations, changes in the U.S. or foreign legislative, judicial, regulatory or consumer environments could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. The laws and regulations above, and changes to them or their interpretation by the courts, could affect the demand for or profitability of our products, including scoring and consumer products. New laws and regulations pertaining to our customers could cause them to pursue new strategies, reducing the demand for our products. 
 
 If we are subject to infringement claims, it could harm our business. 
 
 We expect that products in the industry segments in which we compete, including software products, will increasingly be subject to claims of patent and other intellectual property infringement as the number of products and competitors in our industry segments grow. We may need to defend claims that our products infringe intellectual property rights, and as a result we may: 
 
 incur significant defense costs or substantial damages; 
 be required to cease the use or sale of infringing products; 
 expend significant resources to develop or license a substitute non-infringing technology; 
 discontinue the use of some technology; or 
 be required to obtain a license under the intellectual property rights of the third-party claiming infringement, which license may not be available or might require substantial royalties or license fees that would reduce our margins. 
 
 Moreover, in recent years, individuals and groups that are non-practicing entities, commonly referred to as patent trolls, have purchased patents and other intellectual property assets for the purpose of making claims of infringement in order to extract settlements. From time to time, we may receive threatening letters or notices or may be the subject of claims that our solutions and underlying technology infringe or violate the intellectual property rights of others. Responding to such claims, regardless of their merit, can be time consuming, costly to defend in litigation, divert management's attention and resources, damage our reputation and brand, and cause us to incur significant expenses. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Risks 
 
 Our products have long and variable sales cycles. If we do not accurately predict these cycles, we may not forecast our financial results accurately, and our stock price could be adversely affected. 
 
 We experience difficulty in forecasting our revenues accurately because the length of our sales cycles makes it difficult for us to predict the quarter in which sales will occur. In addition, our selling approach is complex as we look to sell multiple products and services across our customers organizations. This makes forecasting of revenues in any given period more difficult. For example, the sales cycle of our products can extend to greater than a year and as a result, revenues and operating results may vary significantly from period to period. Customers are often cautious in making decisions to acquire our products because purchasing our products typically involves a significant commitment of capital and may involve shifts by the customer to a new software and/or hardware platform or changes in the customer s operational procedures. This may cause customers, particularly those experiencing financial stress, to make purchasing decisions more cautiously. Delays in completing sales can arise while customers complete their internal procedures to approve large capital expenditures and test and accept our applications. Consequently, we face difficulty predicting the quarter in which sales to expected customers will occur and experience fluctuations in our revenues and operating results. If we are unable to accurately forecast our revenues, our stock price could be adversely affected. 
 
 We typically have revenue-generating transactions concentrated in the final weeks of a quarter, which may prevent accurate forecasting of our financial results and cause our stock price to decline. 
 
 Large portions of our customer agreements are consummated in the weeks immediately preceding quarter end. Before these agreements are consummated, we create and rely on forecasted revenues for planning, modeling and earnings guidance. Forecasts, however, are only estimates and actual results may vary for a particular quarter or longer periods of time. Consequently, significant discrepancies between actual and forecasted results could limit our ability to plan, budget or provide accurate guidance, which could adversely affect our stock price. Any publicly-stated revenue or earnings projections are subject to this risk. 
 
 Our financial results and key metrics fluctuate within each quarter and from quarter to quarter, making our future revenue, annual recurring revenue ARR ), and financial results difficult to predict, which may cause us to miss analyst expectations and may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 
 Our quarterly financial results and key metrics have fluctuated in the past and will continue to do so in the future, and therefore period-to-period comparisons should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. These fluctuations could cause our stock price to change significantly or experience declines. We also may provide investors with quarterly and annual financial forward-looking guidance that could prove to be inaccurate as a result of these fluctuations and other factors. In addition to the other risks described in these risk factors, some of the factors that could cause our financial results and key metrics to fluctuate include: 
 
 variability in demand from our existing customers; 
 failure to meet the expectations of market analysts; 
 changes in recommendations by market analysts; 
 the lengthy and variable sales cycle of many products, combined with the relatively large size of orders for our products, increases the likelihood of short-term fluctuation in revenues; 
 consumer or customer dissatisfaction with, or problems caused by, the performance of our products; 
 the timing of new product announcements and introductions in comparison with our competitors; 
 the level of our operating expenses; 
 changes in demand and competitive and other conditions in the consumer credit, banking and insurance industries; 
 fluctuations in domestic and international economic conditions, such as those which have occurred as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 our ability to complete large installations, and to adopt and configure cloud-based deployments, on schedule and within budget; 
 announcements relating to litigation or regulatory matters; 
 changes in senior management or key personnel; 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 acquisition-related expenses and charges; and 
 timing of orders for and deliveries of software systems. 
 
 Our operating expenses are based in part on our expectations for future revenue and many are fixed and cannot be quickly adjusted as revenue changes. Accordingly, any revenue shortfall below expectations has had, and in the future could have, an immediate and significant adverse effect on our operating results and profitability. Greater than anticipated expenses or a failure to maintain rigorous cost controls would also negatively affect profitability. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 Our stock price has been subject to fluctuations, and will likely continue to be subject to fluctuations, or may decline, regardless of our operating performance. 
 
 Our stock price has been subject to fluctuations due to a number of factors, including variations in our revenues and operating results. The financial markets have at various times experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have particularly affected the stock prices of many technology companies and financial services companies, and these fluctuations sometimes have been unrelated to the operating performance of these companies. Broad market fluctuations, as well as industry-specific and general economic conditions, may negatively affect our business and require us to record an impairment charge related to goodwill, which could adversely affect our results of operations, stock price and business. 
 
 Our anti-takeover defenses could make it difficult for another company to acquire control of FICO, thereby limiting the demand for our securities by certain types of purchasers or the price investors are willing to pay for our stock. 
 
 Certain provisions of our Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, could make a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving us difficult, even if such events would be beneficial to the interests of our stockholders. These provisions include giving our board the ability to issue preferred stock and determine the rights and designations of the preferred stock at any time without stockholder approval. The rights of the holders of our common stock will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of any preferred stock that may be issued in the future. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third-party to acquire, or discouraging a third-party from acquiring, a majority of our outstanding voting stock. These factors and certain provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers or otherwise delaying or preventing changes in control or changes in our management, including transactions in which our stockholders might otherwise receive a premium over the fair market value of our common stock. 
 
 If we experience changes in tax laws or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income tax returns, it could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to federal and state income taxes in the U.S. and in certain foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. Our future effective tax rates could be adversely affected by changes in tax laws (including any changes that result from the comprehensive corporate tax reform proposed by the current administration), by our ability to generate taxable income in foreign jurisdictions in order to utilize foreign tax losses, and by the valuation of our deferred tax assets. In addition, we are subject to the examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from such examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. There can be no assurance that the outcomes from such examinations will not have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 The Company s headquarters are located in Bozeman, Montana. As of September 30, 2021, the Company leased office facilities in geographically dispersed locations primarily for corporate functions, sales, research and development, data centers and other purposes. The Company believes its existing facilities, which are used by both reportable segments, are in good operating condition and are suitable to meet operating needs. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol: FICO. According to records of our transfer agent, at October 29, 2021, we had 301 stockholders of record of our common stock. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Not applicable. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (2) Maximum Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (2) July 1, 2021 through July 31, 2021 1,373 528.56 221,344,762 August 1, 2021 through August 31, 2021 689,649 448.14 685,420 243,139,026 September 1, 2021 through September 30, 2021 160,256 437.29 160,000 173,176,417 Total 851,278 446.23 845,420 173,176,417 
 
 (1) Includes 5,858 shares delivered in satisfaction of the tax withholding obligations resulting from the vesting of restricted stock units held by employees during the quarter ended September 30, 2021. 
 (2) In March 2021, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program following the completion of our previous program. This program was open-ended and authorized repurchases of shares of our common stock up to an aggregate cost of 500.0 million in the open market or in negotiated transactions. As part of the broader share repurchase program, we entered into the accelerated share repurchase agreement ASR Agreement with a financial institution in June 2021 to repurchase 200.0 million of our common stock. Pursuant to the ASR Agreement, we paid 200.0 million to the financial institution and received an initial delivery of 319,400 shares of common stock, which approximated 80 of the total number of expected shares to be repurchased under the ASR Agreement. In August 2021, we settled the ASR Agreement and received 70,127 additional shares. In total, 389,527 shares were repurchased under the ASR Agreement. In August 2021, our Board of Directors approved a new stock repurchase program following the termination of the March 2021 program. This new program is open-ended and authorizes repurchases of shares of our common stock up to an aggregate cost of 500.0 million in the open market or in negotiated transactions. In August 2021, we entered into a stock repurchase agreement with an institutional shareholder, pursuant to which we repurchased 515,293 shares of our common stock for 225.0 million. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Performance Graph 
 The following graph shows the total stockholder return of an investment of 100 in cash on September 30, 2016, in (a) the Company s common stock, (b) the Standard Poor s 500 Stock Index and (c) the Standard Poor s 500 Application Software Index, in each case with reinvestment of dividends. Our past performance may not be indicative of future performance. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A includes the following: a business overview that provides a high-level summary of our strategies and initiatives, highlights from fiscal year 2021 and key performance metrics for our Software segment; a more detailed analysis of our results of operations; our capital resources and liquidity, which discusses key aspects of our statements of cash flows, changes in our balance sheets and our financial commitments; and a summary of our critical accounting policies and estimates we believe are important to understanding the assumptions and judgments incorporated in our reported financial results. Our MD A should be read in conjunction with Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ from those referred to herein due to a number of factors, including but not limited to risks described in Item 1A, Risk Factors , in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 Strategies and Initiatives 
 
 In fiscal 2021, our B2B scoring solutions, including the flagship FICO Score, continued to be the standard measure of consumer credit risk in the U.S. In January 2020 we introduced our most predictive scores, FICO Score 10 and 10T . We also created the FICO Resilience Index, a complement to FICO Scores that identifies consumers who are more resilient to economic stress relative to other consumers within the same FICO Score bands. We continued to develop scores that use alternative data to enhance conventional credit bureau data and generate scores for otherwise un-scorable consumers. 
 During fiscal 2021, we continued to advance our platform-first, cloud delivered strategy in our Software segment. This led us to exit less strategic areas of our business in order to facilitate incremental investment in higher value, more strategic areas. As part of this process, we divested the non-platform-based Collections and Recovery C R business, sold all assets related to our cyber risk score operations, and sold certain assets related to our Software operations to an affiliated joint venture in China. 
 During fiscal 2020, we changed our business practice of selling term software licenses with separate license and maintenance components to a single software subscription contract with license and maintenance bundled. This transition was substantially completed by the end of the first quarter of our fiscal 2021. The timing of our revenue recognition on these subscription sales changed, resulting in less revenue recognized upfront and more revenue recognized over the term of these subscriptions. This change led to a negative impact of our revenue recognized from term software licenses in our fiscal 2021 but does not affect total revenue recognized over the life of a contract. In addition, this change does not negatively impact our cash flows. 
 We also continue to enhance stockholder value by returning cash to stockholders through our stock repurchase programs. In June 2021, following the divestiture of our C R business, we entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement ASR Agreement to repurchase 200.0 million of our common stock. In August 2021, we entered into a stock repurchase agreement with an institutional shareholder pursuant to which we repurchased 225.0 million of our common stock. We also repurchased shares in other open market transactions under our stock repurchase programs. During fiscal 2021, we repurchased 1.9 million shares at a total repurchase price of 882.2 million. As of September 30, 2021, we had 173.2 million remaining under our current stock repurchase program. 
 Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we continue to conduct business with substantial modifications to employee travel and work locations and also the virtualization of sales and marketing events. We expect these modifications to remain in place throughout calendar year 2021, along with substantially modified interactions with customers and suppliers, among other adjustments. As certain offices reopened due to the lifting of local government restrictions and a small number of employees started returning to work locations on a limited basis during fiscal 2021, we have maintained a Voluntary Work-From-Home Policy providing our people with valued flexibility. While we have not experienced material disruptions to our operations from the COVID-19 pandemic, we are unable to predict the full impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our operations and future financial performance, including demand for our offerings, impact to our customers and partners, actions that may be taken by governmental authorities, and other factors identified in Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Report. 
 Highlights from Fiscal Year 2021 
 Total GAAP revenue was 1.32 billion during fiscal year 2021, a 2 increase from fiscal year 2020. 
 Total revenue for our Scores segment was 654.1 million during fiscal year 2021, a 24 increase from fiscal year 2020. 
 Annual Recurring Revenue for our Software segment as of September 30, 2021 was 524.0 million, a 6 increase from September 30, 2020, excluding divestitures. 
 Dollar-Based Net Retention Rate for our Software segment during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 was 106 , excluding divestitures. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Cash and cash equivalents was 195.4 million as of September 30, 2021, compared with 157.4 million as of September 30, 2020. 
 Operating income, which included 100.1 million gains on product line asset sales and business divestiture, was 505.5 million during fiscal year 2021, a 71 increase from fiscal 2020. 
 Net income was 392.1 million during fiscal year 2021, a 66 increase from fiscal 2020. 
 Cash flow from operations was 423.8 during fiscal year 2021, compared with 364.9 million generated during the prior year. 
 Total debt balance was 1.268 billion as of September 30, 2021, compared with 845 million as of September 30, 2020. 
 882.2 million was spent on share repurchases, compared with 235.2 million spent during the prior year. 
 Key performance metrics for Software segment 
 Annual Contract Value Bookings ACV Bookings 
 Management regards ACV Bookings as an important indicator of future revenues, but they are not comparable to, nor are they a substitute for, an analysis of, our revenues. We define ACV Bookings as the average annualized value of software contracts signed in the current reporting period that generate current and future on-premises and SaaS software revenue. We only include contracts with an initial term of at least 24 months and we exclude perpetual licenses and other revenues that are non-recurring in nature. For renewals of existing software subscription contracts, we count only incremental annual revenue expected over the current contract as ACV Bookings. 
 ACV Bookings is calculated by dividing the total expected contract value by the contract term in years. The expected contract value equals the fixed amount including guaranteed minimums stated in the contract, plus estimates of future usage-based fees. We develop estimates from discussions with our customers and examinations of historical data from similar products and customer arrangements. Differences between estimates and actual results occur due to variability in the estimated usage. This variability is primarily caused by the economic trends in our customers industries; individual performance of our customers relative to their competitors; and regulatory and other factors that affect the business environment in which our customers operate. 
 We disclose estimated revenue expected to be recognized in the future related to remaining performance obligations in Note 12 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. However, we believe ACV Bookings is a more meaningful measure of our business as it includes estimated revenues and future billings excluded from Note 12, such as usage-based fees and guaranteed minimums derived from our on-premises software licenses, among others. 
 The following table summarizes our ACV Bookings during the periods indicated: 
 Quarter Ended September 30, Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2021 2020 (In millions) Total on-premises and SaaS software 25.8 28.9 62.8 58.3 
 
 ) During fiscal 2021, we sold all assets related to our cyber risk score operations, sold certain assets related to our Software segment to an affiliated joint venture in China, and divested our C R business. The amounts above exclude these divested product lines and businesses for all periods presented. 
 
 Annual Recurring Revenue ARR 
 Accounting Standards Codification 606 requires us to recognize a significant portion of revenue from our on-premises software subscriptions at the point in time when the software is first made available to the customer, or at the beginning of the subscription term, despite the fact that our contracts typically call for billing these amounts ratably over the life of the subscription. The remaining portion of our on-premises software subscription revenue including maintenance and usage-based fees are recognized over the life of the contract. This point-in-time recognition of a portion of our on-premises software subscription revenue creates significant variability in the revenue recognized period to period based on the timing of the subscription start date and the subscription term. Furthermore, this point-in-time revenue recognition can create a significant difference between the timing of our revenue recognition and the actual customer billing under the contract. We use ARR to measure the underlying performance of our subscription-based contracts and mitigate the impact of this variability. ARR is defined as the annualized revenue run-rate of on-premises and SaaS software agreements within a quarterly reporting period, and as such, is different from the timing and amount of revenue recognized. All components of our software licensing and subscription arrangements that are not expected to recur (primarily perpetual licenses) are excluded. We calculate ARR as the quarterly recurring revenue run-rate multiplied by four. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes our ARR at each of the dates presented: 
 December 31, 2019 March 31, 2020 June 30, 2020 September 30, 2020 December 31, 2020 March 31, 2021 June 30, 2021 September 30, 2021 ARR ) 
 (In millions) Platform 
 40.0 41.1 43.8 47.7 55.1 60.2 67.7 75.2 Non-Platform 446.9 450.3 438.5 443.6 439.9 437.1 445.9 448.8 Total on-premises and SaaS software 486.9 491.4 482.3 491.3 495.0 497.3 513.6 524.0 Percentage Platform 8 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 Non-Platform 92 92 91 90 89 88 87 86 Total on-premises and SaaS software 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 YoY Change Platform 45 48 44 45 38 47 54 58 Non-Platform 2 5 (3) (2) (2) (3) 2 1 Total on-premises and SaaS software 5 7 1 2 1 7 7 
 
 ) During fiscal 2021, we sold all assets related to our cyber risk score operations, sold certain assets related to our Software segment to an affiliated joint venture in China, and divested our C R business. The amounts above exclude these divested product lines and businesses for all periods presented. 
 The FICO platform software is a set of interoperable services which use software assets owned and/or governed by FICO for building solutions and which conform to FICO architectural standards based on key elements of Cloud Native Computing design principles. These standards encompass shared security context and pre-integration using FICO standard application programming interfaces for all services. 
 
 Dollar-Based Net Retention Rate DBNRR 
 We consider DBNRR to be an important measure of our success in retaining and growing revenue from our existing customers. To calculate DBNRR for any period, we compare the ARR at the end of the prior comparable quarter (base ARR) to the ARR from that same cohort of customers at the end of the current quarter (retained ARR); we then divide the retained ARR by the base ARR to arrive at the DBNRR. Our calculation includes the positive impact among this cohort of customers of selling additional products, price increases and increases in usage-based fees, and the negative impact of customer attrition, price decreases and decreases in usage-based fees during the period. However, the calculation does not include the positive impact from sales to any customers acquired during the period. Our DBNRR may increase or decrease from period to period as a result of various factors, including the timing of new sales and customer renewal rates. 
 The following table summarizes our DBNRR for each of the periods presented: 
 Quarter Ended December 31, 2019 March 31, 2020 June 30, 2020 September 30, 2020 December 31, 2020 March 31, 2021 June 30, 2021 September 30, 2021 DBNRR ) 
 Platform 110 112 108 116 123 130 137 143 Non-Platform 101 103 95 96 97 96 100 100 Total on-premises and SaaS software 103 105 98 99 100 100 105 106 
 
 ) During fiscal 2021, we sold all assets related to our cyber risk score operations, sold certain assets related to our Software segment to an affiliated joint venture in China, and divested our C R business. The amounts above exclude these divested product lines and businesses for all periods presented. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 We are organized into the following two reportable segments: Software and Scores. Although we sell solutions and services into a large number of end user product and industry markets, our reportable business segments reflect the primary method in which management organizes and evaluates internal financial information to make operating decisions and assess performance. 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, we reevaluated our operating segments to better align with how our chief operating decision maker CODM evaluates performance and allocates resources, which resulted in a change from three operating segments, Applications, Decision Management Software and Scores, to two operating segments, Software and Scores, by merging Applications and Decision Management Software segments into the new Software segment. As a result, we modified the presentation of our segment financial information with retrospective application to all prior periods presented. In addition, effective beginning in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, we changed the classification of revenue from transactional and maintenance, professional services, and license to on-premises and SaaS software, professional services and scores on our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, as well as our disclosures on disaggregation of revenue, to better align with our business strategy. Previously reported amounts have been adjusted to conform to the current presentation. 
 Segment revenues, operating income, and related financial information, including disaggregation of revenue, for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 are set forth in Note 12 and Note 18 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Revenues 
 The following tables set forth certain summary information on a segment basis related to our revenues for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019: 
 Revenues Year Ended September 30, Period-to-Period Change Period-to-Period Percentage Change Segment 2021 2020 2019 2021 to 2020 2020 to 2019 2021 to 2020 2020 to 2019 (In thousands) (In thousands) Scores 654,147 528,547 421,177 125,600 107,370 24 25 Software 662,389 766,015 738,906 (103,626) 27,109 (14) 4 Total 1,316,536 1,294,562 1,160,083 21,974 134,479 2 12 
 Percentage of Revenues Year Ended September 30, Segment 2021 2020 2019 Scores 50 41 36 Software 50 59 64 Total 100 100 100 
 
 Scores 
 Scores segment revenues increased 125.6 million in fiscal 2021 from 2020 due to an increase of 64.6 million in our business-to-business scores revenue and 61.0 million in our business-to-consumer revenue. The increase in business-to-business scores revenue was primarily attributable to a higher unit price across several business-to-business offerings, as well as higher volumes. The increase in business-to-consumer revenue was attributable to an increase in both royalties derived from scores sold indirectly to consumers through consumer reporting agencies and direct sales generated from the myFICO.com website. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Scores segment revenues increased 107.4 million in fiscal 2020 from 2019 due to an increase of 79.8 million in our business-to-business scores revenue and 27.6 million in our business-to-consumer revenue. The increase in business-to-business scores was primarily attributable to an increase in mortgage volumes, a higher unit price across several business-to-business offerings, a large royalty true-up as well as a large annual license deal recognized during fiscal 2020. The increase was partially offset by a decrease in unsecured originations volume. The increase in business-to-consumer revenue was attributable to an increase in both royalties derived from scores sold indirectly to consumers through consumer reporting agencies and direct sales generated from the myFICO.com website. 
 Revenues collectively generated by agreements with the three major consumer reporting agencies, TransUnion, Equifax and Experian, accounted for 38 , 33 and 29 of our total revenues in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, with all three consumer reporting agencies contributing more than 10 of our total revenues in fiscal 2021, and Experian contributing more than 10 of our total revenues in fiscal 2020 and 2019. Revenues from these customers included amounts recorded in our Software segment. 
 Software 
 Year Ended September 30, Period-to-Period Change Period-to-Period Percentage Change 2021 2020 2019 2021 to 2020 2020 to 2019 2021 to 2020 2020 to 2019 (In thousands) (In thousands) On-premises and SaaS software 
 517,888 584,576 556,968 (66,688) 27,608 (11) 5 Professional services 144,501 181,439 181,938 (36,938) (499) (20) Total 662,389 766,015 738,906 (103,626) 27,109 (14) 4 
 Year Ended September 30, Period-to-Period Change Period-to-Period Percentage Change 2021 2020 2019 2021 to 2020 2020 to 2019 2021 to 2020 2020 to 2019 (In thousands) (In thousands) Software recognized at a point time (1) 
 59,024 127,666 111,308 (68,642) 16,358 (54) 15 Software recognized over contract term (2) 
 458,864 456,910 445,660 1,954 11,250 3 Total 517,888 584,576 556,968 (66,688) 27,608 (11) 5 
 
 (1) Includes license portion of our on-premises subscription software and perpetual license, both of which are recognized when the software is made available to the customer, or at the start of the subscription. 
 (2) Includes maintenance portion and usage-based fees of our on-premises subscription software, maintenance revenue on perpetual licenses, as well as SaaS revenue. 
 Software segment revenues decreased 103.6 million in fiscal 2021 from 2020 due to a 66.7 million decrease in on-premises and SaaS software revenue and a 36.9 million decrease in services revenue. The decrease in on-premises and SaaS software revenue was attributable to a 68.6 million decrease in revenue recognized at a point in time, partially offset by a 1.9 million increase in revenue recognized over time. The decrease in point-in-time recognition was primarily attributable to the shift in the timing of revenue recognition on our term license subscription sales as a result of changing our business practice of selling term licenses with separate license and maintenance components to a single software subscription contract with license and maintenance bundled, as well as a decrease in the number and size of term license deals signed or renewed during fiscal 2021. The increase in over-time recognition was primarily attributable to an increase in SaaS subscription revenue, partially offset by the divestiture of our C R business in June 2021. The decrease in services revenue was primarily due to our recent strategic shift to emphasize software over services, as well as the divestiture of our C R business. In total, 21.7 million of the year-over-year decrease in our Software segment revenue was attributable to the divestiture of our C R business. 
 Software segment revenues increased 27.1 million in fiscal 2020 from 2019 primarily attributable to a 27.6 million increase in on-premises and SaaS software revenue, comprised of a 16.4 million increase in license portion of our on-premises subscription software and perpetual license revenue recognized at a point in time, and a 11.3 million increase in revenue recognized over time, primarily attributable to an increase in SaaS subscription revenue. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Expenses and Other Income, Net 
 The following tables set forth certain summary information related to our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019: 
 Year Ended September 30, Period-to-Period Change Period-to-Period Percentage Change 2021 2020 2019 2021 to 2020 2020 to 2019 2021 to 2020 2020 to 2019 (In thousands, except employees) (In thousands, except employees) Revenues 1,316,536 1,294,562 1,160,083 21,974 134,479 2 12 Operating expenses: Cost of revenues 332,462 361,142 336,845 (28,680) 24,297 (8) 7 Research and development 171,231 166,499 149,478 4,732 17,021 3 11 Selling, general and administrative 396,281 420,930 414,086 (24,649) 6,844 (6) 2 Amortization of intangible assets 3,255 4,993 6,126 (1,738) (1,133) (35) (18) Restructuring and impairment charges 7,957 45,029 (37,072) 45,029 (82) Gains on product line asset sales and business divestiture (100,139) (100,139) Total operating expenses 811,047 998,593 906,535 (87,407) 92,058 (9) 10 Operating income 505,489 295,969 253,548 209,520 42,421 71 17 Interest expense, net (40,092) (42,177) (39,752) 2,085 (2,425) (5) 6 Other income, net 7,745 3,208 2,276 4,537 932 141 41 Income before income taxes 473,142 257,000 216,072 216,142 40,928 84 19 Provision for income taxes 81,058 20,589 23,948 60,469 (3,359) 294 (14) Net income 392,084 236,411 192,124 155,673 44,287 66 23 Number of employees at fiscal year-end 3,650 4,003 4,009 (353) (6) (9) 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Percentage of Revenues Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Revenues 100 100 100 Operating expenses: Cost of revenues 25 28 29 Research and development 13 13 13 Selling, general and administrative 30 33 35 Amortization of intangible assets 1 Restructuring and impairment charges 1 3 Gains on product line asset sales and business divestiture (7) Total operating expenses 62 77 78 Operating income 38 23 22 Interest expense, net (3) (3) (3) Other income, net 1 Income before income taxes 36 20 19 Provision for income taxes 6 2 2 Net income 30 18 17 
 
 Cost of Revenues 
 Cost of revenues consists primarily of employee salaries, incentives, and benefits for personnel directly involved in delivering software products, operating SaaS infrastructure, and providing support, implementation and consulting services; allocated overhead, facilities and data center costs; software royalty fees; credit bureau data and processing services; third-party hosting fees related to our SaaS services; travel costs; and outside services. 
 The fiscal 2021 from 2020 decrease of 28.7 million in cost of revenues was primarily attributable to an 18.8 million decrease in personnel and labor costs, a 9.2 million decrease in allocated facilities and infrastructure costs and a 3.7 million decrease in travel costs, partially offset by an increase in direct materials costs. The decreases in personnel and labor costs, and in allocated facilities and infrastructure costs were both largely driven by our strategic cost initiative implemented in September 2020, in which we reduced our workforce, consolidated office space and abandoned certain property and equipment; as well as the divestiture of our C R business in June 2021. The decrease in travel costs was primarily attributable to the COVID-19 pandemic. The increase in direct materials costs was primarily attributable to increased third-party data costs related to increased Scores revenue. Cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues decreased to 25 during fiscal 2021 from 28 during fiscal 2020, primarily due to increased sales of our higher-margin Scores products. 
 The fiscal 2020 over 2019 increase of 24.3 million in cost of revenues was primarily attributable to an 11.1 million increase in allocated facilities and infrastructure costs, a 10.3 million increase in personnel and labor costs and a 7.6 million increase in direct materials cost, partially offset by a 4.9 million decrease in travel costs. The increase in facilities and infrastructure costs was primarily attributable to increased resource requirements due to expansion in our cloud infrastructure operations. The increase in personnel and labor costs was primarily attributable to an increase in our average headcount. The increase in direct materials cost was primarily attributable to an increase in license and Scores revenues that incur third-party royalties and data costs, as well as an increase in telecommunication cost. The decrease in travel costs was primarily attributable to the COVID-19 pandemic. Cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues was 28 during fiscal 2020, materially consistent with that incurred during fiscal 2019. 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expenses include personnel and related overhead costs incurred in the development of new products and services, including research of mathematical and statistical models and development of new versions of software products. 
 The fiscal 2021 over 2020 increase of 4.7 million in research and development expenses was primarily attributable to an increase in personnel and labor costs, driven by increased average headcount and our continued investments in new product development. Research and development expenses as a percentage of revenues was 13 during fiscal 2021, consistent with that during fiscal 2020. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 The fiscal 2020 over 2019 increase of 17.0 million in research and development expenses was primarily attributable to an increase in personnel and labor costs and an increase in allocated facilities and infrastructure costs, both driven by increased average headcount and our continued investments in new product development. Research and development expenses as a percentage of revenues was 13 during fiscal 2020, consistent with that incurred during fiscal 2019. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses consist principally of employee salaries, incentives, commissions and benefits; travel costs; overhead costs; advertising and other promotional expenses; corporate facilities expenses; legal expenses; and business development expenses. 
 The fiscal 2021 from 2020 decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses of 24.6 million was primarily attributable to a 7.4 million decrease in travel costs, a 6.8 million decrease in marketing costs, a 5.0 million decrease in outside services, and a 4.6 million decrease in allocated facilities and infrastructure costs. The decrease in travel costs was a result of a decrease in travel activity due to COVID-19. The decrease in marketing costs was primarily driven by a company-wide marketing event during fiscal 2020. The decrease in outside services was attributable to a decrease in legal and consulting fees associated with several company initiatives during fiscal 2020. The decrease in allocated facilities and infrastructure costs was largely driven by our strategic cost initiative implemented in September 2020, in which we consolidated office space and abandoned certain property and equipment. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues decreased to 30 during fiscal 2021 from 33 during fiscal 2020 primarily due to increased sales of our high-margin Scores products. 
 The fiscal 2020 over 2019 increase of 6.8 million was primarily attributable to an increase in personnel and labor costs as a result of increased average headcount, higher share-based compensation and higher non-capitalizable commission cost. The increase was partially offset by a decrease in marketing and travel costs as a result of a decrease in travel activity due to COVID-19. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues decreased to 33 during fiscal 2020 from 35 during fiscal 2019 primarily due to increased sales of our high-margin Scores and software products. 
 Amortization of Intangible Assets 
 Amortization of intangible assets consists of expense related to intangible assets recorded in connection with our acquisitions. Our finite-lived intangible assets consist primarily of completed technology and customer contracts and relationships, which are being amortized using the straight-line method over periods ranging from four to fifteen years. 
 Amortization expense was 3.3 million, 5.0 million and 6.1 million for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 Restructuring and Impairment Charges 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, we incurred charges of 8.0 million in employee separation costs due to the elimination of 160 positions throughout the Company. Cash payments for all the employee separation costs will be paid by the end of our fiscal 2022. There were no impairment charges incurred during fiscal 2021. 
 During fiscal 2020, we incurred net charges totaling 45.0 million consisting of 28.0 million in impairment loss on operating lease assets, 5.2 million in impairment loss on abandonment of property and equipment and 11.8 million in restructuring charges. The impairment losses were associated with closing certain non-core offices and reducing office space in other locations to better align with anticipated needs in light of post-pandemic workforce patterns. The restructuring charges related to employee separation costs as a result of eliminating 209 positions throughout the Company. Cash payments for all the employee separation costs were fully paid before the end of our fiscal 2021. 
 There were no restructuring and impairment charges incurred during fiscal 2019. 
 Gains on Product Line Asset Sales and Business Divestiture 
 The 100.1 million gain on product line asset sales and business divestiture during fiscal 2021 was attributable to a 92.8 million gain on the sale of the C R business in June 2021, a 7.3 million gain on the sale of all assets related to our cyber risk score operations in October 2020, and the sale of certain assets related to our Software operations to an affiliated joint venture in China in December 2020. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Expense, Net 
 Interest expense includes primarily interest on the senior notes issued in December 2019, May 2018, and July 2010 (which July 2010 senior notes were paid in full at maturity in July 2020), as well as interest and credit facility fees on the revolving line of credit. On our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, interest expense is netted with interest income, which is derived primarily from the investment of funds in excess of our immediate operating requirements. 
 The fiscal 2021 from 2020 decrease in net interest expense of 2.1 million was primarily attributable to a lower average outstanding debt balance during fiscal 2021. 
 The fiscal 2020 over 2019 increase in net interest expense of 2.4 million was primarily attributable to a higher average outstanding debt balance during fiscal 2020. 
 Other Income, Net 
 Other income, net consists primarily of realized investment gains/losses and unrealized gains/losses on certain investments classified as trading securities, exchange rate gains/losses resulting from re-measurement of foreign-currency-denominated receivable and cash balances held by our various reporting entities into their respective functional currencies at period-end market rates, net of the impact of offsetting foreign currency forward contracts, and other non-operating items. 
 The fiscal 2021 over 2020 increase in other income, net of 4.5 million was primarily attributable to an increase in net unrealized gains on our supplemental retirement and savings plan, as well as a decrease in foreign currency exchange losses. 
 The fiscal 2020 over 2019 increase in other income, net of 0.9 million was primarily attributable to an increase in net unrealized gains on our supplemental retirement and savings plan, partially offset by an increase in foreign currency exchange losses. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Our effective tax rates were 17.1 , 8.0 and 11.1 in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 The increase in our income tax provision in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 was due to an increase in pretax book income, of which a large amount was due to the gain on divestiture of C R business, as well as a decrease in excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation. 
 The decrease in our income tax provision in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 was due to the excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation. 
 As of September 30, 2021, we had approximately 141.5 million of unremitted earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries. The Company generates substantial cash flow in the U.S. and does not have a current need for the cash to be returned to the U.S. from the foreign entities. In the event these earnings are later remitted to the U.S., any estimated withholding tax and state income tax due upon remittance of those earnings is expected to be immaterial to the income tax provision. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Operating Income 
 The following tables set forth certain summary information on a segment basis related to our operating income for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019: 
 Year Ended September 30, Period-to-Period Change Period-to-Period Percentage Change Segment 2021 2020 2019 2021 to 2020 2020 to 2019 2021 to 2020 2020 to 2019 (In thousands) (In thousands) Scores 560,684 454,310 361,356 106,374 92,954 23 26 Software 105,147 130,066 126,046 (24,919) 4,020 (19) 3 Unallocated corporate expenses (136,812) (144,704) (144,755) 7,892 51 (5) Total segment operating income 529,019 439,672 342,647 89,347 97,025 20 28 Unallocated share-based compensation (112,457) (93,681) (82,973) (18,776) (10,708) 20 13 Unallocated amortization expense (3,255) (4,993) (6,126) 1,738 1,133 (35) (18) Unallocated restructuring and impairment charges (7,957) (45,029) 37,072 (45,029) Gains on product line asset sales and business divestiture 100,139 100,139 Operating income 505,489 295,969 253,548 209,520 42,421 71 17 
 Scores 
 
 Year Ended September 30, Percentage of Revenues 2021 2020 2019 2021 2020 2019 (In thousands) Segment revenues 654,147 528,547 421,177 100 100 100 Segment operating expenses (93,463) (74,237) (59,821) (14) (14) (14) Segment operating income 560,684 454,310 361,356 86 86 86 
 Software 
 
 Year Ended September 30, Percentage of Revenues 2021 2020 2019 2021 2020 2019 (In thousands) Segment revenues 662,389 766,015 738,906 100 100 100 Segment operating expenses (557,242) (635,949) (612,860) (84) (83) (83) Segment operating income 105,147 130,066 126,046 16 17 17 
 
 The fiscal 2021 over 2020 increase in operating income of 209.5 million was primarily attributable to a 100.1 million gain on product line asset sales and business divestiture during fiscal 2021, a 59.5 million decrease in segment operating expenses, a 37.1 million decrease in restructuring and impairment charges, a 22.0 million increase in segment revenues and a 7.8 million decrease in corporate expenses, partially offset by an 18.8 million increase in share-based compensation expense. 
 At the segment level, the 89.3 million increase in segment operating income was the result of a 106.4 million increase in our Scores segment operating income and a 7.8 million decrease in corporate expenses, partially offset by a 24.9 million decrease in our Software segment operating income. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 The 106.4 million increase in our Scores segment operating income was attributable to a 125.6 million increase in segment revenue, partially offset by a 19.2 million increase in segment operating expenses. Segment operating income as a percentage of segment revenue for Scores was 86 , consistent with fiscal 2020. 
 The 24.9 million decrease in our Software segment operating income was attributable to a 103.6 million decrease in segment revenue, partially offset by a 78.7 million decrease in segment operating expenses. Segment operating income as a percentage of segment revenue for Software was 16 , materially consistent with fiscal 2020. 
 The fiscal 2020 over 2019 increase in operating income of 42.4 million was attributable to a 134.5 million increase in segment revenues and a 1.1 million decrease in amortization expense, partially offset by a 45.0 million increase in restructuring and impairment charges, a 37.5 million increase in segment operating expenses, and a 10.7 million increase in share-based compensation expense. 
 At the segment level, the 97.0 million increase in segment operating income was the result of a 93.0 million increase in our Scores segment operating income and a 4.0 million increase in our Software segment operating income. 
 The 93.0 million increase in our Scores segment operating income was attributable to a 107.4 million increase in segment revenue, partially offset by a 14.4 million increase in segment operating expenses. Segment operating income as a percentage of segment revenue for Scores was 86 , consistent with fiscal 2019. 
 The 4.0 million increase in our Software segment operating income was attributable to a 27.1 million increase in segment revenue, partially offset by a 23.1 million increase in segment operating expenses. Segment operating income as a percentage of segment revenue for Software was 17 , consistent with fiscal 2019. 

CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY 
 Outlook 
 As of September 30, 2021, we had 195.4 million in cash and cash equivalents, which included 158.8 million held by our foreign subsidiaries. Our cash position could be affected by various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and other risks detailed in Part I, Item 1A titled Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. However, based on our current business plan and revenue prospects, we believe our cash and cash equivalents balances, as well as available borrowings from our 600 million revolving line of credit and anticipated cash flows from operating activities, will be sufficient to fund our working and other capital requirements for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. Under our current financing arrangements, we have no significant debt obligations maturing over the next twelve months. Our undistributed earnings outside the U.S. are deemed to be permanently reinvested in foreign jurisdictions. We currently do not foresee a need to repatriate cash and cash equivalents held by our foreign subsidiaries. If these funds are needed for our operations in the U.S., we may be required to accrue for state income or foreign withholding taxes on the distributed foreign earnings, which we expect to be immaterial. 
 In the normal course of business, we evaluate the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with or investing in these businesses. We may elect to use available cash and cash equivalents to fund such activities in the future. In the event additional needs for cash arise, or if we refinance our existing debt, we may raise additional funds from a combination of sources, including the potential issuance of debt or equity securities. Additional financing might not be available on terms favorable to us, or at all. If adequate funds were not available or were not available on acceptable terms, our ability to take advantage of unanticipated opportunities or respond to competitive pressures could be limited. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Summary of Cash Flows 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 (In thousands) Cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 423,817 364,916 260,350 Investing activities 137,850 (24,583) (42,760) Financing activities (523,571) (289,424) (200,047) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash (136) 59 (1,140) Increase in cash and cash equivalents 37,960 50,968 16,403 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Our primary method for funding operations and growth has been through cash flows generated from operating activities. Net cash provided by operating activities totaled 423.8 million in fiscal 2021 compared to 364.9 million in fiscal 2020. The 58.9 million increase was primarily attributable to a 155.7 million increase in net income and a 28.6 million increase that resulted from timing of receipts and payments in our ordinary course of business, partially offset by a 125.4 million decrease in non-cash items, including a 100.1 million gain on product line asset sales and a business divestiture in fiscal 2021. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities totaled 364.9 million in fiscal 2020 compared to 260.4 million in fiscal 2019. The 104.5 million increase was attributable to a 44.3 million increase in net income, a 46.1 million increase in non-cash items, including a 28.0 million increase in impairment loss on operating lease assets as well as a 20.0 million increase in operating lease costs, and a 14.2 million increase that resulted from timing of receipts and payments in our ordinary course of business. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 Net cash provided by investing activities totaled 137.9 million in fiscal 2021 compared to net cash used of 24.6 million in fiscal 2020. The 162.5 million change was primarily attributable to 147.4 million in cash proceeds from the product line asset sales and a business divestiture during fiscal 2021 and a 14.4 million decrease in purchases of property and equipment. 
 Net cash used in investing activities totaled 24.6 million in fiscal 2020 compared to 42.8 million in fiscal 2019. The 18.2 million decrease was primarily attributable to a 15.9 million decrease in net cash used for acquisitions and a 2.0 million decrease in net cash used for purchases of property and equipment. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities totaled 523.6 million in fiscal 2021 compared to 289.4 million in fiscal 2020. The 234.2 million increase was primarily attributable to a 639.0 million increase in repurchases of common stock and a 350.0 million decrease in proceeds from issuance of senior notes, partially offset by a 419.0 million increase in proceeds from our revolving line of credit, a 254.0 million decrease in payments on our revolving line of credit, and an 85.0 million decrease in payments on senior notes. 
 Net cash used in financing activities totaled 289.4 million in fiscal 2020 compared to 200.0 million in fiscal 2019. The 89.4 million increase was primarily due to a 338.0 million increase in payments, net of proceeds, on our revolving line of credit and a 49.9 million increase in taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards, partially offset by a 293.0 million increase in proceeds, net of payments, from our senior notes. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Repurchases of Common Stock 
 In July 2020, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program following the completion of the previously authorized program. This program was open-ended and authorized repurchases of shares of our common stock up to an aggregate cost of 250.0 million in the open market or in negotiated transactions. In March 2021, our Board of Directors approved another stock repurchase program following the completion of the July 2020 program. This program was open-ended and authorized repurchases of shares of our common stock up to an aggregate cost of 500.0 million in the open market or in negotiated transactions. As part of the broader share repurchase program, we entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement ASR Agreement with a financial institution in June 2021 to repurchase 200.0 million of our common stock. Pursuant to the ASR Agreement, we paid 200.0 million to the financial institution and received an initial delivery of 319,400 shares of common stock, which approximated 80 of the total number of expected shares to be repurchased under the ASR Agreement. In August 2021, we settled the ASR Agreement and received 70,127 additional shares. In total, 389,527 shares were repurchased under the ASR Agreement. In August 2021, our Board of Directors approved a new stock repurchase program following the termination of the March 2021 program. This new program is open-ended and authorizes repurchases of shares of our common stock up to an aggregate cost of 500.0 million in the open market or in negotiated transactions. In August 2021, we entered into a stock repurchase agreement with an institutional shareholder, pursuant to which we repurchased 515,293 shares of our common stock for 225.0 million. As of September 30, 2021, we had 173.2 million remaining under our current stock repurchase program. During fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, we expended 882.2 million, 235.2 million and 228.9 million, respectively, under these and previously authorized stock repurchase programs. 
 Revolving Line of Credit 
 On August 19, 2021, we amended our credit agreement with a syndicate of banks, increasing our borrowing capacity under the unsecured revolving line of credit to 600 million, and extended its maturity to August 19, 2026. Borrowings under the credit facility can be used for working capital and general corporate purposes and may also be used for the refinancing of existing debt, acquisitions, and the repurchase of our common stock. Interest on amounts borrowed under the credit facility is based on (i) an adjusted base rate, which is the greatest of (a) the prime rate and (b) the Federal Funds rate plus 0.500 and (c) the one-month LIBOR rate plus 1.000 , plus, in each case, an applicable margin, or (ii) an adjusted LIBOR rate plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin for base rate borrowings ranges from 0 to 0.750 and for LIBOR borrowings ranges from 1.000 to 1.750 and is determined based on our consolidated leverage ratio. In addition, we must pay credit facility fees. The credit facility contains certain restrictive covenants including maintaining a maximum consolidated leverage ratio of 3.50, subject to a step up to 4.00 following certain permitted acquisitions; and a minimum interest coverage ratio of 3.00. The credit agreement also contains other covenants typical of unsecured facilities. As of September 30, 2021, we had 518.0 million in borrowings outstanding at a weighted-average interest rate of 1.212 and we were in compliance with all financial covenants under this credit facility. 
 On October 20, 2021, we entered into an amendment to our credit agreement that provides for an unsecured term loan that will mature on August 19, 2026 in the aggregate principal amount of 300 million, with an option for us to request additional incremental term loans from time to time, in each case subject to the terms and conditions of the credit agreement. The term loan is in addition to the 600 million revolving loan facility. The term loan is subject to the same pricing and covenants as the revolving line of credit. We are obligated to repay the term loan in consecutive quarterly installments equal to 3.75 million commencing March 31, 2022, subject to certain adjustments under the credit agreement. 
 Senior Notes 
 On May 8, 2018, we issued 400 million of senior notes in a private offering to qualified institutional investors (the 2018 Senior Notes ). The 2018 Senior Notes require interest payments semi-annually at a rate of 5.25 per annum and will mature on May 15, 2026. On December 6, 2019, we issued 350 million of senior notes in a private offering to qualified institutional investors (the 2019 Senior Notes, and with the 2018 Senior Notes, the Senior Notes ). The 2019 Senior Notes require interest payments semi-annually at a rate of 4.00 per annum and will mature on June 15, 2028. The indentures for the 2018 Senior Notes and the 2019 Senior Notes contain certain covenants typical of unsecured obligations. As of September 30, 2021, the carrying value of the Senior Notes was 750.0 million and we were in compliance with all financial covenants under these obligations, and we do not believe we are at material risk of not meeting these covenants due to COVID-19. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Contractual Obligations 
 The following table presents a summary of our contractual obligations at September 30, 2021: 
 Year Ending September 30, Thereafter Total 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 (In thousands) Senior notes (1) 400,000 350,000 750,000 Revolving line of credit 518,000 518,000 Interest due on debt obligations (2) 35,000 35,000 35,000 35,000 35,000 28,000 203,000 Operating lease obligations 24,441 19,621 14,025 8,639 7,602 7,522 81,850 Unrecognized tax benefits (3) 10,897 Total commitments 59,441 54,621 49,025 43,639 960,602 385,522 1,563,747 
 (1) Represents the unpaid principal amount of the Senior Notes. 
 (2) Represents interest payments on the Senior Notes. 
 (3) Represents unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions. As we are not able to reasonably estimate the timing of the payments or the amount by which the liability will increase or decrease over time, the related balances have not been reflected in the section of the table showing payment by fiscal year. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. These accounting principles require management to make certain judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We periodically evaluate our estimates including those relating to revenue recognition, goodwill and other intangible assets resulting from business acquisitions, share-based compensation, income taxes and contingencies and litigation. We base our estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable based on the specific circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of certain assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 
 
 We believe the following critical accounting policies involve the most significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements: 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Contracts with Customers 
 Our revenue is primarily derived from on-premises software and SaaS subscriptions, professional services and scoring services. For contracts with customers that contain various combinations of products and services, we evaluate whether the products or services are distinct distinct products or services will be accounted for as separate performance obligations, while non-distinct products or services are combined with others to form a single performance obligation. For contracts with multiple performance obligations, the transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price SSP basis. Revenue is recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to our customers. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Our on-premises software is primarily sold on a subscription basis, which includes a term-based license and post-contract support or maintenance, both of which generally represent distinct performance obligations and are accounted for separately. The transaction price is either a fixed fee, or a usage-based fee sometimes subject to a guaranteed minimum. When the amount is fixed, including the guaranteed minimum in a usage-based fee, license revenue is recognized at the point in time when the software is made available to the customer. Maintenance revenue is recognized ratably over the contract period as customers simultaneously consume and receive benefits. Any usage-based fees not subject to a guaranteed minimum or earned in excess of the minimum amount are recognized when the subsequent usage occurs. We occasionally sell software arrangements consisting of on-premises perpetual licenses and maintenance. License revenue is recognized at a point in time when the software is made available to the customer and maintenance revenue is recognized ratably over the contract term. 
 Our SaaS products provide customers with access to and standard support for our software on a subscription basis, delivered through our own infrastructure or third-party cloud services. The SaaS transaction contracts typically include a guaranteed minimum fee per period that allows up to a certain level of usage and a consumption-based variable amount in excess of the minimum threshold; or a consumption-based variable fee not subject to a minimum threshold. The nature of our SaaS arrangements is to provide continuous access to our hosted solutions in the cloud, i.e., a stand-ready obligation that comprises a series of distinct service periods (e.g., a series of distinct daily, monthly or annual periods of service). We estimate the total variable consideration at contract inception subject to any constraints that may apply and update the estimates as new information becomes available and recognize the amount ratably over the SaaS service period, unless we determine it is appropriate to allocate the variable amount to each distinct service period and recognize revenue as each distinct service period is performed. 
 Our professional services include software implementation, consulting, model development and training. They are sold either standalone, or together with other products or services and generally represent distinct performance obligations. The transaction price can be a fixed amount or a variable amount based upon the time and materials expended. Revenue on fixed-price services is recognized using an input method based on labor hours expended which we believe provides a faithful depiction of the transfer of services. Revenue on services provided on a time and materials basis is recognized by applying the right-to-invoice practical expedient as the amount to which we have a right to invoice the customer corresponds directly with the value of our performance to the customer. 
 Our scoring services include both business-to-business and business-to-consumer offerings. Our business-to-business scoring services typically include a license that grants consumer reporting agencies the right to use our scoring solutions in exchange for a usage-based royalty. Revenue is generally recognized when the usage occurs. Business-to-consumer offerings provide consumers with access to their FICO Scores and credit reports, as well as other value-add services. These are provided as either a one-time or ongoing subscription service renewed monthly or annually, all with a fixed consideration. The nature of the subscription service is a stand-ready obligation to generate credit reports, provide credit monitoring, and other services for our customers, which comprises a series of distinct service periods (e.g., a series of distinct daily, monthly or annual periods of service). Revenue from one-time or monthly subscription services is recognized during the period when service is performed. Revenue from annual subscription services is recognized ratably over the subscription period. 
 Significant Judgments 
 Our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. Determining whether products and services are considered distinct and should be accounted for separately may require significant judgment. Specifically, when implementation service is included in the original software or SaaS offerings, judgment is required to determine if the implementation service significantly modifies or customizes the software or SaaS service in such a way that the risks of providing it and the customization service are inseparable. In rare instances, contracts may include significant modification or customization of the software of SaaS service and will result in the combination of software or SaaS service and implementation service as one performance obligation. 
 We determine the SSPs using data from our historical standalone sales, or, in instances where such information is not available (such as when we do not sell the product or service separately), we consider factors such as the stated contract prices, our overall pricing practices and objectives, go-to-market strategy, size and type of the transactions, and effects of the geographic area on pricing, among others. When the selling price of a product or service is highly variable, we may use the residual approach to determine the SSP of that product or service. Significant judgment may be required to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation when it involves the consideration of many market conditions and entity-specific factors discussed above. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Significant judgment may be required to determine the timing of satisfaction of a performance obligation in certain professional services contracts with a fixed consideration, in which we measure progress using an input method based on labor hours expended. In order to estimate the total hours of the project, we make assumptions about labor utilization, efficiency of processes, the customer s specification and IT environment, among others. For certain complex projects, due to the risks and uncertainties inherent with the estimation process and factors relating to the assumptions, actual progress may differ due to the change in estimated total hours. Adjustments to estimates are made in the period in which the facts requiring such revisions become known and, accordingly, recognized revenues are subject to revisions as the contract progresses to completion. 
 Capitalized Commission Costs 
 We capitalize incremental commission fees paid as a result of obtaining customer contracts. Capitalized commission costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over ten years determined using a portfolio approach based on the transfer of goods or services to which the assets relate, taking into consideration both the initial and future contracts as we do not typically pay a commission on a contract renewal. The amortization costs are included in selling, general, and administrative expenses of our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. 
 We apply a practical expedient to recognize the incremental costs of obtaining contracts as an expense when incurred if the amortization period of the assets that we otherwise would have recognized is one year or less. These costs are recorded within selling, general, and administrative expenses. 
 Business Combinations 
 Accounting for our acquisitions requires us to recognize, separately from goodwill, the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at their acquisition-date fair values. Goodwill as of the acquisition date is measured as the excess of consideration transferred over the net of the acquisition-date fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. While we use our best estimates and assumptions to accurately value assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date, our estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. As a result, during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the values of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. 
 Accounting for business combinations requires our management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially at the acquisition date, including our estimates for intangible assets, contractual obligations assumed, pre-acquisition contingencies and contingent consideration, where applicable. If we cannot reasonably determine the fair value of a pre-acquisition contingency (non-income tax related) by the end of the measurement period, we will recognize an asset or a liability for such pre-acquisition contingency if: (i) it is probable that an asset existed or a liability had been incurred at the acquisition date and (ii) the amount of the asset or liability can be reasonably estimated. Although we believe the assumptions and estimates we have made in the past have been reasonable and appropriate, they are based in part on historical experience and information obtained from the management of the acquired companies and are inherently uncertain. Subsequent to the measurement period, changes in our estimates of such contingencies will affect earnings and could have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial position. 
 Examples of critical estimates in valuing certain of the intangible assets we have acquired include but are not limited to: (i) future expected cash flows from software license sales, support agreements, consulting contracts, other customer contracts and acquired developed technologies and patents; (ii) expected costs to develop the in-process research and development into commercially viable products and estimated cash flows from the projects when completed; and (iii) the acquired company s brand and competitive position, as well as assumptions about the period of time the acquired brand will continue to be used in the combined company s product portfolio. Unanticipated events and circumstances may occur that may affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, estimates or actual results. Historically, there have been no significant changes in our estimates or assumptions. To the extent a significant acquisition is made during a fiscal year, as appropriate we will expand the discussion to include specific assumptions and inputs used to determine the fair value of our acquired intangible assets. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, uncertain tax positions and tax-related valuation allowances assumed in connection with a business combination are initially estimated as of the acquisition date. We reevaluate these items quarterly based upon facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date with any adjustments to our preliminary estimates being recorded to goodwill provided that we are within the measurement period. Subsequent to the measurement period or our final determination of the tax allowance s or contingency s estimated value, whichever comes first, changes to these uncertain tax positions and tax-related valuation allowances will affect our provision for income taxes in our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income and could have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations and financial position. Historically, there have been no significant changes in our valuation allowances or uncertain tax positions as it relates to business combinations. We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the future estimates. 
 Goodwill, Acquisition Intangibles and Other Long-Lived Assets - Impairment Assessment 
 Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations. We assess goodwill for impairment for each of our reporting units on an annual basis during our fourth fiscal quarter using a July 1 measurement date unless circumstances require a more frequent measurement. 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, we reevaluated our operating segments to better align with how our CODM evaluates performance and allocates resources, which resulted in a change from three operating segments, Applications, Decision Management Software and Scores, to two operating segments, Software and Scores. As part of this reevaluation, we determined our operating segments continue to represent our reporting units. When evaluating goodwill for impairment, we may first perform an assessment qualitatively whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit's carrying amount exceeds its fair value, referred to as a step zero approach. If, based on the review of the qualitative factors, we determine it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we would bypass the two-step impairment test. Events and circumstances we consider in performing the step zero qualitative assessment include macro-economic conditions, market and industry conditions, internal cost factors, share price fluctuations, and the operational stability and overall financial performance of the reporting units. If we conclude that it is more likely than not that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying amount, we would perform the first step step one of the two-step impairment test and calculate the estimated fair value of the reporting unit by using discounted cash flow valuation models and by comparing our reporting units to guideline publicly-traded companies. These methods require estimates of our future revenues, profits, capital expenditures, working capital, and other relevant factors, as well as selecting appropriate guideline publicly-traded companies for each reporting unit. We estimate these amounts by evaluating historical trends, current budgets, operating plans, industry data, and other relevant factors. Alternatively, we may bypass the qualitative assessment described above for any reporting unit in any period and proceed directly to performing step one of the goodwill impairment test. 
 We performed a step one quantitative impairment test on the Software and Scores reporting units before and immediately following the change in reporting units. There was a substantial excess of fair value over carrying value for the reporting units and we determined goodwill was not impaired for any of our reporting units before or after the change for fiscal 2021. For fiscal 2019 and 2020, we performed a step zero qualitative analysis for our annual assessment of goodwill impairment. After evaluating and weighing all relevant events and circumstances, we concluded that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of any of our reporting units was less their carrying amounts. Consequently, we did not perform a step one quantitative analysis and determined goodwill was not impaired for any of our reporting units for fiscal 2019 and 2020. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Our intangible assets that have finite useful lives and other long-lived assets are assessed for potential impairment when there is evidence that events and circumstances related to our financial performance and economic environment indicate the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. When impairment indicators are identified, we test for impairment using undiscounted cash flows. If such tests indicate impairment, then we measure and record the impairment as the difference between the carrying value of the asset and the fair value of the asset. Significant management judgment is required in forecasting future operating results used in the preparation of the projected cash flows. Should different conditions prevail, material write downs of our intangible assets or other long-lived assets could occur. We review the estimated remaining useful lives of our acquired intangible assets at each reporting period. A reduction in our estimate of remaining useful lives, if any, could result in increased annual amortization expense in future periods. We did not recognize any impairment charges on intangible assets that have finite useful lives or other long-lived assets in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 As discussed above, while we believe that the assumptions and estimates utilized were appropriate based on the information available to management, different assumptions, judgments and estimates could materially affect our impairment assessments for our goodwill, acquired intangibles with finite lives and other long-lived assets. Historically, there have been no significant changes in our estimates or assumptions that would have had a material impact for our goodwill or intangible assets impairment assessment. We believe our projected operating results and cash flows would need to be significantly less favorable to have a material impact on our impairment assessment. However, based upon our historical experience with operations, we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood of a significant change in our projections. 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 We measure share-based compensation cost at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and recognize it as expense, net of estimated forfeitures, over the vesting or service period, as applicable, of the stock award (generally three to four years). We use the Black-Scholes valuation model to determine the fair value of our stock options and a Monte Carlo valuation model to determine the fair value of our market share units. Our valuation models and generally accepted valuation techniques require us to make assumptions and to apply judgment to determine the fair value of our awards. These assumptions and judgments include estimating the volatility of our stock price, expected dividend yield, employee turnover rates and employee stock option exercise behaviors. Historically, there have been no material changes in our estimates or assumptions. We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions. See Note 16 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our share-based employee benefit plans. 
 Income Taxes 
 We estimate our income taxes based on the various jurisdictions where we conduct business, which involves significant judgment in determining our income tax provision. We estimate our current tax liability using currently enacted tax rates and laws and assess temporary differences that result from differing treatments of certain items for tax and accounting purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities recorded on our balance sheet using the currently enacted tax rates and laws that will apply to taxable income for the years in which those tax assets are expected to be realized or settled. We then assess the likelihood our deferred tax assets will be realized and to the extent we believe realization is not more likely than not, we establish a valuation allowance. When we establish a valuation allowance or increase this allowance in an accounting period, we record a corresponding income tax expense in our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. In assessing the need for the valuation allowance, we consider future taxable income in the jurisdictions we operate; our ability to carry back tax attributes to prior years; an analysis of our deferred tax assets and the periods over which they will be realizable; and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. An increase in the valuation allowance would have an adverse impact, which could be material, on our income tax provision and net income in the period in which we record the increase. 
 We recognize and measure benefits for uncertain tax positions using a two-step approach. The first step is to evaluate the tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return by determining if the technical merits of the tax position indicate it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon audit, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. For tax positions more likely than not of being sustained upon audit, the second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount more than 50 likely of being realized upon settlement. Significant judgment is required to evaluate uncertain tax positions and they are evaluated on a quarterly basis. Our evaluations are based upon a number of factors, including changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, correspondence with tax authorities during the course of audits and effective settlement of audit issues. Changes in the recognition or measurement of uncertain tax positions could result in material increases or decreases in our income tax expense in the period in which we make the change, which could have a material impact on our effective tax rate and operating results. 
 A description of our accounting policies associated with tax-related contingencies and valuation allowances assumed as part of a business combination is provided under Business Combinations above. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Contingencies and Litigation 
 We are subject to various proceedings, lawsuits and claims relating to products and services, technology, labor, stockholder and other matters. We are required to assess the likelihood of any adverse outcomes and the potential range of probable losses in these matters. If the potential loss is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, we accrue a liability for the estimated loss. If the potential loss is considered less than probable or the amount cannot be reasonably estimated, disclosure of the matter is considered. The amount of loss accrual or disclosure, if any, is determined after analysis of each matter, and is subject to adjustment if warranted by new developments or revised strategies. Due to uncertainties related to these matters, accruals or disclosures are based on the best information available at the time. Significant judgment is required in both the assessment of likelihood and in the determination of a range of potential losses. Revisions in the estimates of the potential liabilities could have a material impact on our consolidated financial position or consolidated results of operations. Historically, there have been no material changes in our estimates or assumptions. We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the future estimates. 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
 In August 2018, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2018-15, Intangibles Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Internal-Use Software ASU 2018-15 ). ASU 2018-15 aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software. We adopted ASU 2018-15 in the first quarter of our fiscal 2021 and the adoption did not have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments and subsequent amendments to the initial guidance: ASU 2018-19, ASU 2019-04, ASU 2019-05 and ASU 2019-11 (collectively, Topic 326 ). Topic 326 requires measurement and recognition of expected credit losses for financial assets held. We adopted Topic 326 in the first quarter of our fiscal 2021 and the adoption did not have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 
 We do not expect that any recently issued accounting pronouncements will have a significant effect on our financial statements. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 Market Risk Disclosures 
 We are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates and foreign exchange rates. We do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes. 
 Interest Rate 
 We maintain an investment portfolio consisting of bank deposits and money market funds. The funds provide daily liquidity and may be subject to interest rate risk and fall in value if market interest rates increase. We do not expect our operating results or cash flows to be affected to any significant degree by a sudden change in market interest rates. The following table presents the principal amounts and related weighted-average yields for our investments with interest rate risk at September 30, 2021 and 2020: 
 September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 Cost Basis Carrying Amount Average Yield Cost Basis Carrying Amount Average Yield (Dollars in thousands) Cash and cash equivalents 195,354 195,354 0.04 157,394 157,394 0.05 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 On May 8, 2018, we issued 400 million of senior notes in a private offering to qualified institutional investors (the 2018 Senior Notes ). On December 6, 2019, we issued 350 million of senior notes in a private offering to qualified institutional investors (the 2019 Senior Notes, and with the 2018 Senior Notes, the Senior Notes ). The fair value of the Senior Notes may increase or decrease due to various factors, including fluctuations in market interest rates and fluctuations in general economic conditions. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Capital Resources and Liquidity for additional information on the Senior Notes. The following table presents the carrying amounts and fair values for the Senior Notes at September 30, 2021 and 2020: 
 
 September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 Face Value ) Fair Value Face Value ) Fair Value (In thousands) The 2018 Senior Notes 400,000 453,000 400,000 442,000 The 2019 Senior Notes 350,000 357,000 350,000 358,750 Total 750,000 810,000 750,000 800,750 
 
 ) The carrying value of the Senior Notes was the face value reduced by the net debt issuance costs of 9.0 million and 10.6 million at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 We have interest rate risk with respect to our 600 million unsecured revolving line of credit. Interest on amounts borrowed under the credit facility is based on (i) a base rate, which is the greater of (a) the prime rate and (b) the Federal Funds rate plus 0.500 and (c) the one-month LIBOR rate plus 1.000 , plus, in each case, an applicable margin, or (ii) an adjusted LIBOR rate plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin for base rate borrowings ranges from 0 to 0.750 and for LIBOR borrowings ranges from 1.000 to 1.750 and is determined based on our consolidated leverage ratio. A change in interest rates on this variable rate debt impacts the interest incurred and cash flows, but does not impact the fair value of the instrument. We had 518.0 million in borrowings outstanding at a weighted-average interest of 1.212 under the credit facility as of September 30, 2021. 
 Foreign Currency Forward Contracts 
 We use derivative instruments to manage risks caused by fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. The primary objective of our derivative instruments is to protect the value of foreign-currency-denominated receivable and cash balances from the effects of volatility in foreign exchange rates that might occur prior to conversion to their functional currencies. We principally utilize foreign currency forward contracts, which enable us to buy and sell foreign currencies in the future at fixed exchange rates and economically offset changes in foreign exchange rates. We routinely enter into contracts to offset exposures denominated in the British pound, Euro and Singapore dollar. 
 Foreign-currency-denominated receivable and cash balances are remeasured at foreign exchange rates in effect on the balance sheet date with the effects of changes in foreign exchange rates reported in other income, net. The forward contracts are not designated as hedges and are marked to market through other income, net. Fair value changes in the forward contracts help mitigate the changes in the value of the remeasured receivable and cash balances attributable to changes in foreign exchange rates. The forward contracts are short-term in nature and typically have average maturities at inception of less than three months. 
 The following tables summarize our outstanding foreign currency forward contracts, by currency, at September 30, 2021 and 2020: 
 September 30, 2021 Contract Amount Fair Value Foreign Currency USD USD (In thousands) Sell foreign currency: Euro (EUR) EUR 17,100 19,829 Buy foreign currency: British pound (GBP) GBP 11,467 15,400 Singapore dollar (SGD) SGD 6,650 4,900 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 September 30, 2020 Contract Amount Fair Value Foreign Currency USD USD (In thousands) Sell foreign currency: Euro (EUR) EUR 15,000 17,656 Buy foreign currency: British pound (GBP) GBP 16,555 21,300 Singapore dollar (SGD) SGD 7,815 5,700 
 The foreign currency forward contracts were entered into on September 30 of each fiscal year; therefore, the fair value was 0 on September 30, 2021 and 2020. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of 
 Fair Isaac Corporation 
 
 Bozeman, Montana 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Fair Isaac Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of operations and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Revenue Recognition Contracts with Customers Refer to Note 1 and Note 12 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company recognizes revenue when control of the promised goods or services in a contract is transferred to the customer, in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The Company s revenue is primarily derived from term-based or perpetual licensing of software and scoring products and solutions, and associated maintenance; software-as-a-service (SaaS) subscription services; scoring and credit monitoring services for consumers; and professional services. 
 The Company s contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. For contracts with customers that contain various combinations of products and services, the Company evaluates whether the products or services are distinct. Distinct products or services will be accounted for as separate performance obligations, while non-distinct products or services are combined with others to form a single performance obligation. 
 For transactional revenue, the transaction price for contracts with customers typically includes a fixed consideration in the form of a guaranteed minimum that allows up to a certain level of usage and a variable consideration in the form of usage or transaction-based fees in excess of the minimum threshold; or usage or transaction-based variable amount not subject to a minimum threshold. 
 For contracts with multiple performance obligations, the transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price SSP basis. The Company determines the SSP using data from historical standalone sales, or, in instances where such information is not available, the Company considers factors such as the stated contract prices, their overall pricing practices and objectives, go-to-market strategy, size and type of the transactions, and effects of the geographic area on pricing, among others. 
 Given the complexity of certain of the Company s contracts, together with the judgment involved in identifying performance obligations, estimating variable consideration, and determining SSP, auditing the related revenue required both extensive audit effort due to the volume and complexity of the contracts and a high degree of auditor judgment when performing audit procedures and evaluating the results of those procedures. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to revenue recognition to the Company s identification of performance obligations, estimation of variable consideration, and determination of SSP included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over contract revenue, including management s controls over the identification of performance obligations, estimation of variable consideration, and determination of the SSP. 
 We selected a sample of contracts and performed the following procedures: 
 Obtained and read the contract, including master agreements, renewal agreements, and other source documents that were part of the contract. 
 Obtained other contracts with the same customer that were entered into at or near the same time and evaluated management s conclusion of whether two or more contracts for multiple products and services promised to a customer should be combined and accounted for as a single contract for revenue recognition. 
 Confirmed the terms of the contract directly with the customer, including whether there are side agreements and terms not formally included in the contract that may impact the identification of performance obligations and revenue recognition and performed alternative procedures in the event of nonreplies. 
 Evaluated internal certification letters provided by the Company s sales personnel to identify the existence of side agreements that may impact the identification of performance obligations and revenue recognition. 
 Tested management s identification of the performance obligations within the customer contract, including whether material rights that gave rise to a performance obligation were identified. 
 Tested management s estimation of variable consideration in the transaction price by evaluating the reasonableness of the inputs used in management s estimates. 
 Tested the accuracy and completeness of the data and factors used in management s determination of the SSP for each performance obligation. 
 Evaluated the consistency of the methodologies used to develop the SSP for each performance obligation. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP San Diego, CA November 10, 2021 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2004. 

55 

Table of Contents 

 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 September 30, 2021 2020 (In thousands, except par value data) Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Marketable securities Other investments Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred income taxes Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued compensation and employee benefits Other accrued liabilities Deferred revenue Current maturities on debt Total current liabilities Long-term debt Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders equity (deficit): Preferred stock par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding) 
 Common stock par value; shares authorized, shares issued and and shares outstanding at September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, respectively) 
 Paid-in-capital Treasury stock, at cost and shares at September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, respectively) 
 ) ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity (deficit) ) Total liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit) 
 See accompanying notes. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 (In thousands, except per share data) Revenues: On-premises and SaaS software Professional services Scores Total revenues Operating expenses: Cost of revenues Research and development Selling, general and administrative Amortization of intangible assets Restructuring and impairment charges Gains on product line asset sales and business divestiture ) Total operating expenses Operating income Interest expense, net ) ) ) Other income, net Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Comprehensive income Basic earnings per share Shares used in computing basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Shares used in computing diluted earnings per share 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 
 Common Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) (In thousands) Shares Par Value Paid-in- Capital Treasury Stock Retained Earnings Balance at September 30, 2018 ) ) Share-based compensation Issuance of treasury stock under employee stock plans ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Balance at September 30, 2019 ) ) Share-based compensation Issuance of treasury stock under employee stock plans ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments Balance at September 30, 2020 ) ) Share-based compensation Issuance of treasury stock under employee stock plans ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments Balance at September 30, 2021 ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 (In thousands) Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Share-based compensation Deferred income taxes ) ) Non-cash operating lease costs Impairment loss on operating lease assets Provision of doubtful accounts Net gain (loss) on marketable securities ) ) Net loss on sales and abandonment of property and equipment Gains on product line asset sales and business divestiture ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued compensation and employee benefits ) Other liabilities ) Deferred revenue Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of marketable securities Purchases of marketable securities ) ) ) Proceeds from product line asset sales and business divestiture Distribution from (purchase of) equity investment ) Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from revolving line of credit Payments on revolving line of credit ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of senior notes Payments on senior notes ) ) Payments on debt issuance costs ) ) Payments on finance leases ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of treasury stock under employee stock plans Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) ) Increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds of , and during the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively 
 Cash paid for interest Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities: Finance lease obligation incurred Unsettled repurchases of common stock Purchase of property and equipment included in accounts payable 
 See accompanying notes. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 
 1. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

The fair values of our cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities investments are disclosed in Note 5. The fair value of our derivative instruments is disclosed in Note 6. The fair value of our senior notes is disclosed in Note 10. 
 million and million at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and they are reported in other assets on our consolidated balance sheets. At September 30, 2021, we reviewed the carrying value of these investments and concluded that they were not impaired and as of that date, we were unable to exercise significant influence over the investees. 
 
 years to years Office furniture and equipment years to years Leasehold improvements Equipment under capital lease 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

 Depreciation and amortization on property and equipment totaled million, million and million during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 . Software development costs required to be capitalized for internal-use software have not been material to date. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

 years to years Customer contracts and relationships years to years Trade names year Non-compete agreements years 
 We did not recognize any impairment charges on intangible assets that have finite useful lives or other long-lived assets in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

64 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

We recorded transactional foreign exchange losses of , million and during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
). See Note 16 for further discussion of our share-based employee benefit plans. 
 
 Advertising and promotion costs totaled million, million and million in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 2. 
 acquisitions incurred during fiscal 2021 and 2020. 
 of the equity of eZmCom, Inc. for million in cash. We recorded million of intangible assets which are being amortized using the straight-line method over a weighted-average useful life of years. We allocated million of goodwill to our Software segment that is deductible for t ax purposes. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

 million, which was recorded in gains on product line asset sales and business divestiture within the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. Our C R business was part of our Software segment. 
 In addition, we sold all assets related to our cyber risk score operations in October 2020, and sold certain assets related to our Software operations to an affiliated joint venture in China in December 2020. The net gain realized from both transactions was immaterial. 

4. 
 Money market funds Total Long-term Marketable Securities: Marketable securities 
 
 The assets included in marketable securities represent long-term marketable equity securities held under a supplemental retirement and savings plan for certain officers and senior management employees, which are distributed upon termination or retirement of the employees. These investments are treated as trading securities and recorded at fair value. 
 
 5. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

 Marketable securities (2) 
 Total 
 
 September 30, 2020 Active Markets for Identical Instruments (Level 1) Fair Value as of September 30, 2020 (In thousands) Assets: Cash equivalents (1) 
 Marketable securities (2) 
 Total 
 (1) million and million at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (2) 
 See Note 10 for the fair value of our senior notes. 
 
 There were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy during the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 or 2019. 
 
 6. 
 . 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

 Buy foreign currency: British pound (GBP) GBP Singapore dollar (SGD) SGD 
 
 September 30, 2020 Contract Amount Fair Value Foreign Currency USD USD (In thousands) Sell foreign currency: Euro (EUR) EUR Buy foreign currency: British pound (GBP) GBP Singapore dollar (SGD) SGD 
 The foreign currency forward contracts were entered into on September 30 of each fiscal year; therefore, their fair value was at September 30, 2021 and 2020. 
 Gains (losses) on derivative financial instruments are recorded in our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income as a component of other income, net. 
 ) ) 
 
 7. 
 ) ) Customer contracts and relationships ) ) Non-compete agreements ) ) ) 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

Customer contracts and relationships Trade names Non-compete agreements Total 
 2023 2024 Total 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance at September 30, 2020 Foreign currency translation adjustment C R business divestiture ) ) Balance at September 30, 2021 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

8. 
 Office furniture and equipment Leasehold improvements Equipment under capital lease Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total Other assets: Long-term receivables Prepaid commissions Others Total 
 
 9. 
 million and extended its maturity to . Borrowings under the credit facility can be used for working capital and general corporate purposes and may also be used for the refinancing of existing debt, acquisitions, and the repurchase of our common stock. Interest on amounts borrowed under the credit facility is based on (i) an adjusted base rate, which is the greatest of (a) the prime rate and (b) the Federal Funds rate plus and (c) the one-month LIBOR rate plus , plus, in each case, an applicable margin, or (ii) an adjusted LIBOR rate plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin for base rate borrowings ranges from to and for LIBOR borrowings ranges from to and is determined based on our consolidated leverage ratio. In addition, we must pay credit facility fees. The credit facility contains certain restrictive covenants, including maintaining a maximum consolidated leverage ratio of , subject to a step up to following certain permitted acquisitions; and a minimum interest coverage ratio of . The credit agreement also contains other covenants typical of unsecured facilities. As of September 30, 2021, we had million in borrowings outstanding at a weighted-average interest rate of and we were in compliance with all financial covenants under this credit facility. 
 In October 2021, we further amended the credit agreement. See Note 23 for additional information. 
 
 10. 
 million of senior notes in a private offering to qualified institutional investors (the 2018 Senior Notes ). The 2018 Senior Notes require interest payments semi-annually at a rate of per annum and will mature on . 
 On December 6, 2019, we issued million of senior notes in a private offering to qualified institutional investors (the 2019 Senior Notes, along with the 2018 Senior Notes, the Senior Notes ). The 2019 Senior Notes require interest payments semi-annually at a rate of per annum and will mature on . 
 The indentures for the 2018 Senior Notes and the 2019 Senior Notes contain customary affirmative and negative covenants, including certain events of default, typical of unsecured obligations. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

 The 2019 Senior Notes Total 
 
 million and million at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Thereafter Total 

11. 
 million of our common stock. The ASR Agreement was accounted for as two separate transactions (1) a repurchase of common stock and (2) an equity-linked contract on our own stock. Pursuant to the ASR Agreement, we paid million to the financial institution and received an initial delivery of shares of common stock, which approximated of the total number of expected shares to be repurchased under the ASR Agreement. The equity-linked contract for the remaining million, representing remaining shares to be delivered under the ASR Agreement, was recorded as a reduction to stockholders equity as of June 30, 2021 and was settled in August 2021 with us receiving additional shares. In total, shares were repurchased under the ASR Agreement. We were not required to make any additional cash payments or delivery of common stock to the financial institution upon settlement of the agreement. 
 
 12. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

Disaggregation of Revenue 
 
 As discussed in Note 1, effective beginning in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, we changed the classification of revenue from transactional and maintenance, professional services, and license to on-premises and SaaS software, professional services and scores on our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, as well as our disclosures on disaggregation of revenue to better align with our business strategy. Previously reported amounts in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income and notes herein have been adjusted to conform to the current presentation. 
 During fiscal 2021, we sold all assets related to our cyber risk score operations, sold certain assets related to our Software segment to an affiliated joint venture in China, and divested our C R business. The comparability of the data below is impacted as a result of these divestitures. 
 
 Europe, Middle East and Africa Asia Pacific Total 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

 Europe, Middle East and Africa Asia Pacific Total 

Year Ended September 30, 2019 Scores Software Total Percentage (Dollars in thousands) Americas Europe, Middle East and Africa Asia Pacific Total 
 The following table provides information about disaggregated revenue for our Software segment by deployment method: 
 Year Ended September 30, Percentage of revenues 2021 2020 2019 2021 2020 2019 (Dollars in thousands) On-premises software SaaS software Total 
 The following table provides information about disaggregated revenue for our Software segment by product features: 
 Year Ended September 30, Percentage of revenues 2021 2020 2019 2021 2020 2019 (Dollars in thousands) Platform software ) Non-Platform software Total 
 
 ) The FICO platform software is a set of interoperable services which use software assets owned and/or governed by FICO for building solutions and which conform to FICO architectural standards based on key elements of Cloud Native Computing design principles. These standards encompass shared security context and pre-integration using FICO standard application programming interfaces for all services. 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

 Software recognized over contract term (2) 
 Total 
 
 (1) Includes license portion of our on-premises subscription software and perpetual license, both of which are recognized when the software is made available to the customer, or at the start of the subscription. 
 (2) Includes maintenance portion and usage-based fees of our on-premises subscription software, maintenance revenue on perpetual licenses, as well as SaaS revenue. 
 The following table provides information about disaggregated revenue for our Scores segment by distribution method: 
 
 Year Ended September 30, Percentage of revenues 2021 2020 2019 2021 2020 2019 (Dollars in thousands) Business-to-business Scores Business-to-consumer Scores Total 
 We derive a substantial portion of revenues from our contracts with the three major consumer reporting agencies, TransUnion, Equifax and Experian. Revenues collectively generated by agreements with these customers accounted for , and of our total revenues in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, with all consumer reporting agencies contributing more than 10 of our total revenues in fiscal 2021, and contributing more than 10 of our total revenues in fiscal 2020 and 2019. At September 30, 2021, only individual customer accounted for 10 or more of total consolidated receivables. At September 30, 2020, individual customer accounted for 10 or more of total consolidated receivables. 
 Contract Balances 
 We record a receivable when we satisfy a performance obligation prior to invoicing if only the passage of time is required before payment is due or if we have an unconditional right to consideration before we satisfy a performance obligation. We record a contract asset when we satisfy a performance obligation prior to invoicing but our right to consideration is conditional. We record deferred revenue when the payment is made or due before we satisfy a performance obligation. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

 Unbilled Less: allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Net receivables Less: long-term receivables ) ) Short-term receivables 
 ) Short-term receivables and long-term receivables were recorded in accounts receivable, net and other assets, respectively, within the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 Add: expense Less: write-offs (net of recoveries) ) ) Allowance for doubtful accounts, ending balance 
 Deferred revenue primarily relates to our maintenance and SaaS contracts billed annually in advance and generally recognized ratably over the term of the service period. 
 Revenue recognized that was included in the deferred revenues balance at the beginning of the period ) ) Decrease due to divestiture of the C R business ) Increases due to billings, excluding amounts recognized as revenue during the period Deferred revenues, ending balance ) 
 
 million and long-term portion of million that were recorded in deferred revenue and other liabilities, respectively, within the consolidated balance sheets. Ending balance at September 30, 2020 included current portion of million and long-term portion of million that were recorded in deferred revenue and other liabilities, respectively, within the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Payment terms and conditions vary by contract type, although terms generally include a requirement of payment within to days. In instances where the timing of revenue recognition differs from the timing of invoicing, we have determined our contracts generally do not include a significant financing component. The primary purpose of our invoicing terms is to provide customers with simplified and predictable ways of purchasing our products and services, not to provide customers with financing or to receive financing from our customers. Examples include multi-year on-premises licenses that are invoiced annually with revenue recognized upfront and invoicing at the beginning of a subscription term with revenue recognized ratably over the contract period. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

 million as of September 30, 2021, of which we expect to recognize approximately over the next months and the remainder thereafter. Revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations was million as of September 30, 2020. 
 Significant Judgments 
 Our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. Determining whether products and services are considered distinct and should be accounted for separately may require significant judgment. Specifically, when implementation service is included in the original software or SaaS offerings, judgment is required to determine if the implementation service significantly modifies or customizes the software or SaaS service in such a way that the risks of providing it and the customization service are inseparable. In rare instances, contracts may include significant modification or customization of the software or SaaS service and will result in the combination of software or SaaS service and implementation service as one performance obligation. 
 We determine the SSPs using data from our historical standalone sales, or, in instances where such information is not available (such as when we do not sell the product or service separately), we consider factors such as the stated contract prices, our overall pricing practices and objectives, go-to-market strategy, size and type of the transactions, and effects of the geographic area on pricing, among others. When the selling price of a product or service is highly variable, we may use the residual approach to determine the SSP of that product or service. Significant judgment may be required to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation when it involves the consideration of many market conditions and entity-specific factors discussed above. 
 Significant judgment may be required to determine the timing of satisfaction of a performance obligation in certain professional services contracts with a fixed consideration, in which we measure progress using an input method based on labor hours expended. In order to estimate the total hours of the project, we make assumptions about labor utilization, efficiency of processes, the customer s specification and IT environment, among others. For certain complex projects, due to the risks and uncertainties inherent with the estimation process and factors relating to the assumptions, actual progress may differ due to the change in estimated total hours. Adjustments to estimates are made in the period in which the facts requiring such revisions become known and, accordingly, recognized revenues are subject to revisions as the contract progresses to completion. 
 Capitalized Commission Costs 
 We capitalize incremental commission fees paid as a result of obtaining customer contracts. Capitalized commission costs, which are recorded in other assets within the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, were million and million at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Capitalized commission costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over ten years determined using a portfolio approach based on the transfer of goods or services to which the assets relate, taking into consideration both the initial and future contracts as we do not typically pay a commission on a contract renewal. The amortization costs are included in selling, general, and administrative expenses of our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. The amount of amortization was million, million, and million during the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. There was impairment loss in relation to the costs capitalized. 
 We apply a practical expedient to recognize the incremental costs of obtaining contracts as an expense when incurred if the amortization period of the assets that we otherwise would have recognized is one year or less. These costs are recorded within selling, general, and administrative expenses. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

13. 
 of compensation, not to exceed statutory limits. We also provide a company matching contribution. Investment in FICO common stock is not an option under this plan. Our contributions into all 401(k) plans, including former-acquired-company-sponsored plans that have since merged into the Fair Isaac Corporation 401(k) plan or have been frozen, totaled million, million and million during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 Employee Incentive Plans 
 We maintain various employee incentive plans for the benefit of eligible employees, including officers. The awards generally are based on the achievement of certain financial and performance objectives subject to the discretion of management. Total expenses under our employee incentive plans were million, million and million during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 14. 
 million in employee separation costs due to the elimination of positions throughout the Company. Cash payments for all the employee separation costs will be paid by the end of our fiscal 2022. There were no impairment charges incurred during fiscal 2021. 
 During fiscal 2020, we incurred net charges totaling million consisting of million in impairment loss on operating lease assets, million in impairment loss on disposals of property and equipment and million in restructuring charges. The impairment losses were associated with closing certain non-core offices and reducing office space in other locations to better align with anticipated needs in light of post-pandemic workforce patterns. The restructuring charges related to employee separation costs as a result of eliminating positions throughout the Company. Cash payments for all those employee separation costs were fully paid before the end of our fiscal 2021. 
 There were restructuring and impairment charges incurred during fiscal 2019. 
 ) Employee separation ) ) ) 
 
 Accrual at September 30, 2020 Expense Additions Cash Payments Accrual Adjustments Accrual at September 30, 2021 (In thousands) Employee separation ) ) 
 
 ) Upon adoption of Topic 842, accrued lease exit obligations of million, which were associated with vacating excess leased space in fiscal 2017, were reclassified to operating lease liabilities. 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

 15. 
 State ) Foreign Deferred: Federal ) ) State ) ) Foreign ) ) ) ) Total provision 
 The foreign provision was based on foreign pre-tax earnings of million, million and million in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Current foreign tax expense related to foreign tax withholdings was million, million and million in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Foreign withholding tax and related foreign tax credits are included in current tax expense above. 
 
 Compensation benefits Operating lease liabilities Other assets Less: valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Intangible assets ) ) Deferred commission ) ) Property and equipment ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Other liabilities ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Deferred tax assets, net 
 Based upon the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the periods that the deferred tax assets will reverse, management believes it is more likely than not that we will realize the benefits of the deferred tax assets, net of the existing valuation allowance at September 30, 2021. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

 million and million, respectively. The U.S. federal NOLs were acquired in connection with our acquisitions of Adeptra in fiscal 2012 and Infoglide in fiscal 2013. The U.S. federal NOL carryforward will expire at various dates beginning in fiscal 2024, if not utilized. The million of foreign NOL includes million related to China and million related to Germany. Due to a limited ability to utilize the China and Germany NOLs, a full valuation allowance has been recorded on the China and Germany NOLs, resulting in no tax benefit. Utilization of the U.S. federal NOL is subject to an annual limitation due to the change in ownership provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. We have available an excess California state research credit of approximately million. The California state research credit does not have an expiration date; however, based on enacted law and expected future cash taxes, we have recorded a valuation allowance of million. There is approximately 3.0 million of excess Foreign Tax Credit. The foreign tax credit is not expected to be utilized fully in future tax, and a valuation allowance of 3.0 million has been recorded. 
 to income before provision for income taxes for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 is shown below: 
 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 (In thousands) Income tax provision at U.S. federal statutory rate State income taxes, net of U.S. federal benefit Foreign tax rate differential Research credits ) ) ) Valuation allowance ) Excess tax benefits relating to share-based compensation ) ) ) GILTI, FDII and BEAT ) Other ) ) Recorded income tax provision 
 The increase in our income tax provision in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 is due to an increase in pretax book income, of which a large amount was due to the gain on divestiture of C R business, as well as a decrease in excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation. 
 The decrease in our income tax provision in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 is due to the excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation. 
 As of September 30, 2021, we had approximately million of unremitted earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries. The Company generates substantial cash flow in the U.S. and does not have a current need for the cash to be returned to the U.S. from the foreign entities. In the event these earnings are later remitted to the U.S., any estimated withholding tax and state income tax due upon remittance of those earnings is expected to be immaterial to the income tax provision. 
 Unrecognized Tax Benefit for Uncertain Tax Positions 
 We conduct business globally and, as a result, file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions. In the normal course of business, we are subject to examination by taxing authorities. With a few exceptions, we are no longer subject to U.S. federal, state, local, or foreign income tax examinations for fiscal years prior to 2018. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

 Gross increases for tax positions in prior years Gross decreases for tax positions in prior years ) ) ) Gross increases based on tax positions related to the current year Decreases for settlements and payments ) ) Decreases due to statute expiration ) ) ) Gross unrecognized tax benefits at end of year 
 We had million of total unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30, 2021, including million of tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate. Although the timing and outcome of audit settlements are uncertain, it is unlikely there will be a significant reduction of the uncertain tax benefits in the next twelve months. 
 We recognize interest expense and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits and penalties as part of the provision for income taxes in our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. We recognize interest earned related to income tax matters as interest income in our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. As of September 30, 2021, we had accrued interest of million related to the unrecognized tax benefits. 
 
 16. 
 . In general, stock option awards and restricted stock unit awards not subject to market or performance conditions vest annually over . Restricted stock unit awards subject to market or performance conditions generally vest annually over based on the achievement of specified criteria. At September 30, 2021, there were shares available for issuance as new awards under the 2021 Plan. 
 Description of Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 We maintain the 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 2019 Purchase Plan under which we are authorized to issue up to shares of our common stock to eligible employees. Employees may have up to of their eligible pay withheld through payroll deductions to purchase FICO common stock during semi-annual offering periods. The purchase price of the stock is of the closing sales price of FICO common stock on the last trading day of each offering period. Offering period means approximately six-month periods commencing (a) on the first trading day on or after September 1 and terminating on the last trading day in the following February, and (b) on the first trading day on or after March 1 and terminating on the last trading day in the following August. At September 30, 2021, there were shares available for issuance under the 2019 Purchase Plan. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

 million, million and million in fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The total tax benefit related to this share-based compensation expense was million, million and million in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. As of September 30, 2021, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements granted under all equity compensation plans. Total unrecognized compensation cost will be adjusted for future changes in estimated forfeitures. We expect to recognize that cost over a weighted-average period of years. 
 In fiscal 2021 we received million in cash from stock option exercises, with the tax benefit realized for the tax deductions from these exercises of million. 
 Share-Based Activity 
 Stock Options 
 We estimate the fair value of stock options granted using the Black-Scholes option valuation model and we amortize the fair value on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. 
 Expected volatility (range) - - - Weighted-average volatility Risk-free interest rate (range) - - - Weighted-average expected dividend yield 
 Expected Volatility. We estimate the volatility of our common stock at the date of grant based on a combination of the implied volatility of publicly traded options on our common stock and our historical volatility rate. 
 
 Expected Term. The expected term represents the period that our stock options are expected to be outstanding. We estimate the expected term based on historical experience of similar awards, giving consideration to the contractual terms of the share-based awards, vesting schedules and expectations of future employee behavior. 
 Dividends. We have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock since May 2017, and we do not presently plan to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Consequently, we used an expected dividend yield of zero in the years presented. 
 Risk-Free Interest Rate. The risk-free interest rate assumption is based on observed interest rates appropriate for the term of our employee options. 
 Forfeitures. We use historical data to estimate pre-vesting option forfeitures and record share-based compensation expense only for those awards that are expected to vest. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 30, 2021 Exercisable at September 30, 2021 Vested or expected to vest at September 30, 2021 
 The weighted-average fair value of options granted were , and during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding at September 30, 2021 was calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying options and the market price of our common stock for the million outstanding options that had exercise prices lower than the market price of our common stock at September 30, 2021. The total intrinsic value of options exercised was million, million and million during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, determined as of the date of exercise. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 The fair value of restricted stock units RSUs granted is the closing market price of our common stock on the date of grant, adjusted for the expected dividend yield, if applicable. We amortize the fair value on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. 
 Granted Released ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 30, 2021 
 The weighted-average fair value of the RSUs granted were , and during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The total intrinsic value of the RSUs that vested was million, million and million during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, determined as of the date of vesting. 
 Performance Share Units 
 Performance share units PSUs are granted to our senior officers and earned based on pre-established performance goals approved by the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors for any given performance period. The range of payout is to of the number of target PSUs, based on the outcome of the performance conditions. We estimate the fair value of the PSUs using the closing market price of our common stock on the date of grant, adjusted for the expected dividend yield if applicable, based on the performance condition that is probable of achievement. We amortize the fair values over the requisite service period for each vesting tranche of the award. We reassess the probability at each reporting period and recognize the cumulative effect of the change in estimate in the period of change. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

 Granted Released ) Outstanding at September 30, 2021 
 The weighted-average fair value of the PSUs granted were , and during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The total intrinsic value of the PSUs that vested was million, million and million during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, determined as of the date of vesting. 
 Market Share Units 
 Market share units MSUs are granted to our senior officers and earned based on our total stockholder return relative to the Russell 3000 Index over performance periods of one, two and . We estimate the fair value of MSUs granted using the Monte Carlo valuation model and amortize the fair values over the requisite service period for each vesting tranche of the award. In addition, we do not reverse the compensation cost solely because the market condition is not satisfied, and the award is therefore not earned by the employee, provided the requisite service is rendered. 
 Expected volatility in Russell 3000 Index Correlation between FICO and the Russell 3000 Index 
 Risk-free interest rate Average expected dividend yield 
 The expected volatility was determined based on daily historical movements in our stock price and the Russell 3000 Index for the three years preceding the grant date. The correlation between FICO and the Russell 3000 Index was determined based on historical daily stock price movements for the three years preceding the grant date. Because we have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock since May 2017, and we do not presently plan to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future, we used an expected dividend yield of zero. The risk-free rate was determined based on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yields over the three-year performance period. 
 Granted Released ) Outstanding at September 30, 2021 
 The weighted-average fair value of the MSUs granted were , and during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The total intrinsic value of the MSUs that vested was million, million and million during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, determined as of the date of vesting. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

discount offered to participants. During fiscal 2021, a total of 42,402 shares of our common stock with a weighted-average purchase price of 389.61 per share was issued under the 2019 Purchase Plan. During fiscal 2020, a total of shares of our common stock with a weighted-average purchase price of per share was issued under the 2019 Purchase Plan. 
 
 17. 
 Denominator share: Basic weighted-average shares Effect of dilutive securities Diluted weighted-average shares Earnings per share: Basic Diluted 
 
 Anti-dilutive share-based awards excluded from the calculations of diluted EPS were immaterial during the periods presented. 
 
 18. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

 Professional services Scores Total segment revenues Segment operating expense ) ) ) ) Segment operating income ) Unallocated share-based compensation expense ) Unallocated amortization expense ) Unallocated restructuring and impairment charges ) Unallocated gains on product line asset sales and business divestiture Operating income Unallocated interest expense, net ) Unallocated other income, net Income before income taxes Depreciation expense 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

 Professional services Scores Total segment revenues Segment operating expense ) ) ) ) Segment operating income ) Unallocated share-based compensation expense ) Unallocated amortization expense ) Unallocated restructuring and impairment charges ) Operating income Unallocated interest expense, net ) Unallocated other income, net Income before income taxes Depreciation expense 

Year Ended September 30, 2019 Scores Software Unallocated Corporate Expenses Total (In thousands) Segment revenues: On-premises and SaaS software Professional services Scores Total segment revenues Segment operating expense ) ) ) ) Segment operating income ) Unallocated share-based compensation expense ) Unallocated amortization expense ) Operating income Unallocated interest expense, net ) Unallocated other income, net Income before income taxes Depreciation expense 

86 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

19. 

Finance leases ) Property and equipment, net Total lease assets Liabilities Current: Operating leases Other accrued liabilities Finance leases Other accrued liabilities Non-current: Operating leases Operating lease liabilities Finance leases Other liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 
 ) Finance leases were recorded net of accumulated depreciation of million at September 30, 2020. 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

 Finance lease cost: Depreciation of lease assets Interest on lease liabilities Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Total lease cost 
 The following table presents weighted-average remaining lease term and weighted-average discount rates related to our operating and finance leases: 
 September 30, 2021 2020 Operating lease: Weighted-average remaining lease term (in months) Weighted-average discount rate Finance lease: Weighted-average remaining lease term (in months) Weighted-average discount rate 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

 Operating cash outflow for finance leases Financing cash outflow for finance leases Lease assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities: Operating leases Finance leases 
 Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2024 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Thereafter Total future undiscounted lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total reported lease liability 
 
 20. 
 of our executives providing for certain payments and other benefits in the event of a qualified change in control of FICO, coupled with a termination of the officer during the following year. 
 
 21. 

22. 
 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

days following delivery of our products. We have not incurred significant obligations under customer indemnification or warranty provisions historically and do not expect to incur significant obligations in the future. Accordingly, we do not maintain accruals for potential customer indemnification or warranty-related obligations. The indemnification agreements that we have executed with certain of our officers and directors would require us to indemnify such officers and directors in certain instances. We have not incurred obligations under these indemnification agreements historically and do not expect to incur significant obligations in the future. Accordingly, we do not maintain accruals for potential officer or director indemnification obligations. The maximum potential amount of future payments that we could be required to make under the indemnification provisions in our customer license and service agreements, and officer and director agreements is unlimited. 
 
 23. 
 million in term loans, increasing the total capacity of the agreement to million. The term loans are subject to the same pricing and covenants as the revolving line of credit, a description of which is provided in Note 9, and mature at the expiration of the facility on . 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 Not applicable. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 An evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of FICO s management, including the Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of FICO s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO have concluded that FICO s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2021 to ensure that information required to be disclosed by FICO in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. In addition, the disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to management, including the CEO and CFO, allowing timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 No change in FICO s internal control over financial reporting was identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2021, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, FICO s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our CEO and CFO, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021 based on the guidelines established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2021. 
 Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm that audited the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has also audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, as stated in their attestation report included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9B. Other Information 
 Not applicable. 
 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The required information regarding our Directors is incorporated by reference from the information under the caption Our Director Nominees in our 2022 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after September 30, 2021. 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 Our current executive officers are as follows: 
 Name Positions Held Age William J. Lansing January 2012-present, Chief Executive Officer and member of the Board of Directors of the Company. February 2009-November 2010, Chief Executive Offer and President, Infospace, Inc. 2004-2007, Chief Executive Officer and President, ValueVision Media, Inc. 2001-2003, General Partner, General Atlantic LLC. 2000-2001, Chief Executive Officer, NBC Internet, Inc. 1998-2000, President/Chief Executive Officer, Fingerhut Companies, Inc. 1996-1998, Vice President, Corporate Business Development, General Electric Company. 1996, Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Office, Prodigy, Inc. 1986-1995, various positions, McKinsey Company, Inc. 63 Michael I. McLaughlin August 2019-present, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of the Company. May 2007-August 2019, Managing Director, Head of Technology Corporate Finance of Morgan Stanley. January 2004-May 2007, Managing Director, Head of Enterprise Systems and Supply Chain Coverage of BofA Securities. January 2001-January 2004, Executive Director, Head of Enterprise Hardware and Supply Chain of UBS Investment Bank. 1997-2001, founder and co-Chief Executive Officer of Stampede Ventures, LLC. 1993-1997, Vice President of Montgomery Securities. 1990-1993, Associate of The First Boston Corporation. 1986-1988, Analyst of The First Boston Corporation. 57 Thomas A. Bowers August 2020-present, Executive Vice President, Corporate Strategy of the Company. September 2019-August 2020, Vice President, Business Consulting of the Company. April 2018-September 2019, Founder and Managing Partner, M Cubed Development, LLC. August 2012-March 2018, Executive Vice President, American Savings Bank. 1987-2012, Senior partner and various positions, McKinsey Company, Inc. 66 Stephanie Covert October 2020-present, Executive Vice President, Sales Marketing of the Company. June 2016-October 2020, Vice President, Global Sales Operations of the Company. December 2015-May 2016, Vice President, Solution Success of the Company. June 2015-December 2015, Senior Director, Solution Success, Americas EMEA of the Company. May 2014-June 2015, Senior Director, Solution Success, Americas of the Company. March 2013-May 2014, Senior Director, Sales Operations, Apttus. March 2012-March 2013, Sales Operations Director, Oracle Corporation. June 2007-March 2012, various positions, RightNow Technologies, Inc. 42 Richard S. Deal November 2015-present, Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer of the Company. August 2007-November 2015, Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer of the Company. January 2001-August 2007, Vice President, Human Resources of the Company. 1998-2001, Vice President, Human Resources, Arcadia Financial, Ltd. 1993-1998, managed broad range of human resources corporate and line consulting functions with U.S. Bancorp. 54 Michael S. Leonard November 2011-present, Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer of the Company. November 2007-November 2011, Senior Director, Finance of the Company. July 2000-November 2007, Director, Finance of the Company. 1998-2000, Controller of Natural Alternatives International, Inc. 1994-1998, various audit staff positions at KPMG LLP. 57 Claus Moldt August 2019-present, Executive Vice President, Chief Technology Officer of the Company. March 2016-August 2019, Chief Information Officer of the Company. June 2013-March 2016, Chief Executive Officer of mPath. October 2006-June 2013, Global Chief Information Officer and Senior Vice President of Technical Operations of Salesforce.com. November 2002-September 2006, Senior Director Operations Infrastructure and Project Delivery of eBay. May 2001-May 2002, Manager Database and System Administration, LoudCloud/Opsware. 58 Mark R. Scadina February 2009-present, Executive Vice President and General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Company. June 2007-February 2009, Senior Vice President and General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Company. 2003-2007, various senior positions including Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, Liberate Technologies, Inc. 1999-2003, various leadership positions including Vice President and General Counsel, Intertrust Technologies Corporation. 1994-1999, Associate, Pennie and Edmonds LLP. 52 James M. Wehmann April 2012-present, Executive Vice President, Scores of the Company. November 2003-March 2012, Vice President/Senior Vice President, Global Marketing, Digital River, Inc. March 2002-June 2003, Vice President, Marketing, Brylane, Inc. September 2000-March 2002, Senior Vice President, Marketing, New Customer Acquisition, Bank One. 1993-2000, various roles, including Senior Vice President, Marketing, Fingerhut Companies, Inc. 56 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 The required information regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act is incorporated by reference from the information in our 2022 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after September 30, 2021. 
 FICO has adopted a Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Management that applies to the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Controller and other employees performing similar functions who have been identified by the Chief Executive Officer. We have posted the Code of Ethics on our website located at www.fico.com. FICO intends to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding an amendment to, or a waiver from, this Code of Ethics by posting such information on its website. FICO also has a Code of Conduct and Business Ethics applicable to all directors, officers and employees, which is also available at the website cited above. 
 The required information regarding the Company s audit committee is incorporated by reference from the information under the caption Board Committees in our 2022 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after September 30, 2021. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the information under the captions Director Compensation for Fiscal 2021 and Executive Compensation in our 2022 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after September 30, 2021. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the information under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Executive Compensation Plan Information in our 2022 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after September 30, 2021. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the information under the caption Certain Relationships and Related Persons Transactions in our 2022 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after September 30, 2021. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the information under the caption Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in our 2022 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after September 30, 2021. 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 1. Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 Reference Page Form 10-K Report of independent registered public accounting firm 
 53 
 Consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 56 
 Consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 57 
 Consolidated statements of stockholders equity for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 58 
 Consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 59 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 
 60 

2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 All financial statement schedules are omitted as the required information is not applicable or as the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and related notes. 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 3. Exhibits: 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 3.1 Bylaws of Fair Isaac Corporation. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2009.) 
 3.2 Composite Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Fair Isaac Corporation. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2009.) 
 4.1 Description of Securities of Registrant Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019.) 
 10.1 Indenture, dated as of May 8, 2018, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, which includes the form of 5.25 Senior Notes due 2026. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on May 8, 2018.) 
 10.2 Indenture, dated as of December 6, 2019, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, which includes the form of 4.00 Senior Notes due 2028. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on December 6, 2019.) 
 10.3 Fair Isaac Supplemental Retirement and Savings Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2009. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2008.) (1) 
 10.4 Form of Indemnity Agreement entered into by the Company with the Company s directors and executive officers. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2002.) (1) 
 10.5 Form of Management Agreement entered into with each of the Company s executive officers. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 10, 2012.) (1) 
 10.6 Form of Amendment to Management Agreement entered into with certain of the Company s executive officers. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2014.) (1) 
 10.7 Form of Amendment to Management Agreement entered into with each of the Company s executive officers. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016.) 
 10.8 Offer Letter entered into on May 29, 2007 with Mark R. Scadina. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.61 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2008.) (1) 
 10.9 Letter Agreement dated January 24, 2012 by and between the Company and William J. Lansing. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 26, 2012.) (1) 
 10.10 Letter Agreement dated February 6, 2012 by and between the Company and Mark Scadina. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 10, 2012.) (1) 
 10.11 Letter Agreement dated March 7, 2012 by and between the Company and James M. Wehmann. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2012.) (1) 
 10.12 Form of Amendment to Letter Agreement entered into with each of the Company s executive officers. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016.) (1) 
 10.13 Fair Isaac Corporation 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended as of March 4, 2020. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed with the SEC on March 6, 2020.) (1) 
 10.14 Form of Employee Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement (U.S.) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012.) (1) 
 10.15 Form of Employee Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (U.S.) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012.) (1) 
 10.16 Form of Employee Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement (International) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012.) (1) 
 10.17 Form of Employee Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (International) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012.) (1) 
 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 10.18 Form of Employee Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2016.) (1) 
 10.19 Form of Employee Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2016.) (1) 
 10.20 Form of Executive Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2016.) (1) 
 10.21 Form of Executive Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan (U.S.), as amended November 6, 2018. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018.) (1) 
 10.22 Form of Executive Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2016.) (1) 
 10.23 Form of Executive Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan (U.S.), as amended November 8, 2018. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018.) (1) 
 10.24 Form of Employee Non Statutory Stock Option Agreement (International) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2016.) (1) 
 10.25 Form of Employee Non Statutory Stock Option Agreement (United Kingdom) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2016.) (1) 
 10.26 Form of Employee Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (International) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2016.) (1) 
 10.27 Form of Employee Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (United Kingdom) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2016.) (1) 
 10.28 Form of Director Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012.) (1) 
 10.29 Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference by Exhibit 10.7 to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012.) (1) 
 10.30 Form of Director Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017.) (1) 
 10.31 Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017.) (1) 
 10.32 Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement (fiscal 2017 grants) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2016.) (1) 
 10.33 Form of Performance Share Unit Agreement (fiscal 2018) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2017.) (1) 
 10.34 Form of Performance Share Unit Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018.) (1) 
 10.35 Form of Performance Share Unit Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2019.) (1) 
 10.36 Form of Market Share Unit Award Agreement (fiscal 2016 grants) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2015.) (1) 
 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 10.37 Form of Market Share Unit Agreement (fiscal 2017 grants) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2016.) (1) 
 10.38 Form of Market Share Unit Agreement (fiscal 2018 grants) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2017.) (1) 
 10.39 Form of Market Share Unit Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.48 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018.) (1) 
 10.40 Letter Agreement dated August 3, 2019 by and between the Company and Michael I. McLaughlin. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 24, 2019.) (1) 
 10.41 Letter Agreement dated August 21, 2019 by and between the Company and Claus Moldt (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.57 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019.) (1) 
 10.42 Fair Isaac Corporation 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed March 4, 2019.) (1) 
 10.43 Transition Agreement dated August 26, 2020 by and between the Company and Wayne Huyard. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 27, 2020.) (1) 
 10.44 Letter Agreement dated August 26, 2020 by and between the Company and Stephanie Covert . (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.58 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020.) (1) 
 10.45 Letter Agreement dated August 26, 2020 by and between the Company and Thomas A. Bowers. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.59 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020.) (1) 
 10.46 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement among the Company, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as sole lead arranger and bookrunner, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent dated as of August 19, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 19, 2021). 
 10.47 First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement among the Company, the several banks and other financial institutions from time to time parties thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, dated as of October 20, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2021). 
 10.48 Fair Isaac Corporation 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on March 3, 2021) (1). 
 10.49 Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021) (1). 
 10.50 Form of Director Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement under the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021) (1). 
 10.51 Form of Executive Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (U.S.) under the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021) (1). 
 10.52 Form of Executive Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement (U.S.) under the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021) (1). 
 10.53 Form of Global Employee Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021) (1). 
 10.54 Form of Global Employee Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement under the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021) (1). 
 10.55 Form of Performance Share Unit Agreement under the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (1) 
 10.56 Form of Market Share Unit Agreement under the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (1) 
 21.1 List of Company s subsidiaries. 
 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP, independent registered public accounting firm. 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications of CEO. 
 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications of CFO. 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of CEO. 
 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of CFO. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 (1) Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION By /s/ MICHAEL I. MCLAUGHLIN Michael I. McLaughlin Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 DATE: November 10, 2021 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Michael I. McLaughlin his or her attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 /s/ WILLIAM J. LANSING Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director November 10, 2021 William J. Lansing /s/ MICHAEL I. MCLAUGHLIN Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) November 10, 2021 Michael I. McLaughlin /s/ MICHAEL S. LEONARD Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) November 10, 2021 Michael S. Leonard /s/ FABIOLA R. ARREDONDO Director November 10, 2021 Fabiola R. Arredondo /s/ BRADEN R. KELLY Director November 10, 2021 Braden R. Kelly /s/ JAMES D. KIRSNER Director November 10, 2021 James D. Kirsner /s/ EVA MANOLIS Director November 10, 2021 Eva Manolis /s/ MARC F. MCMORRIS Director November 10, 2021 Marc F. McMorris /s/ JOANNA REES Director November 10, 2021 Joanna Rees /s/ DAVID A. REY Director November 10, 2021 David A. Rey 

101 

<EX-10.55>
 2
 ex1055-formofpsuawardagree.htm
 EX-10.55 PSU 2021 LTIP

Document 

Exhibit 10.55 
 
 Executive Performance Share Unit Award Agreement 
 
 Fair Isaac Corporation 
 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 
 Performance Share Unit Agreement 

This Performance Share Unit Award Agreement (this Agreement ), dated Month Day , 20 _ (the Grant Date ), is by and between Name (the Participant ), and Fair Isaac Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ). Any term capitalized but not defined in this Agreement will have the meaning set forth in the Company s 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan ). 
 
 In the exercise of its discretion to grant Awards under the Plan, the Committee has determined that the Participant should receive an Award of performance share units under the Plan. This Award is subject to the following terms and conditions 
 
 1. Grant of Performance Share Units . The Company hereby grants to the Participant an Award consisting of performance share units (the Units in an amount initially equal to the Target Number of Units specified on Appendix A to this Agreement. The number of Units that may actually be earned and become eligible to vest pursuant to this Award can be between 0 and 200 of the Target Number of Units, but may not exceed the Maximum Number of Units specified on Appendix A to this Agreement. Each Unit that is earned pursuant to Section 3 of this Agreement and vests pursuant to Section 4 of this Agreement represents the right to receive one share of the Company s common stock as provided in Section 7 of this Agreement. The Award will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. 
 
 2. Restrictions on Units . Neither this Award nor the Units subject to this Award may be sold, assigned, transferred, exchanged or encumbered other than a transfer upon death in accordance with the Participant s will, by the laws of descent and distribution or pursuant to a beneficiary designation submitted by the Participant in accordance with Section 6(d) of the Plan. Any attempted transfer in violation of this Section 2 shall be of no effect and may result in the forfeiture of all Units. The Units and the Participant s right to receive Shares in settlement of the Units under this Agreement shall be subject to forfeiture as provided in this Agreement until satisfaction of the conditions for earning and vesting the Units as set forth in Section 3 and Section 4, respectively, of this Agreement. 
 
 3. Earned Units . Whether and to what degree the Units will be earned (the Earned Units during the period starting on October 1, 20 _ and ending on September 30, 20 _ (the Performance Period will be determined by whether and to what degree the Company has satisfied the applicable performance goal(s) for the Performance Period as set forth in Appendix A to this Agreement. Any Units that are not designated as Earned Units at the conclusion of the Performance Period in accordance with this Section 3 will be forfeited. 
 
 4. Vesting of Earned Units . Subject to Section 6 of this Agreement, if the Participant remains a Service Provider continuously from the Grant Date, then of the Earned Units will vest on 

each of December 10 , 20 _ , December 10 , 20 _ , and December 10 , 20 _ . The period from October 1, 20 _ through December 10 , 20 _ is referred to as the Vesting Period. 
 
 5. Service Requirement . Except as otherwise provided in accordance with Section 6 of this Agreement, if you cease to be a Service Provider prior to the vesting dates specified in Section 4 of this Agreement, you will forfeit all unvested Units. Your Service will be deemed continuing while you are on a leave of absence approved by the Company in writing or guaranteed by applicable law or other written agreement you have entered into with the Company (an Approved Leave ). If you do not resume providing Service to the Company or any Affiliate following your Approved Leave, your Service will be deemed to have terminated upon the expiration of the Approved Leave. 
 
 6. Effect of Termination of Service or Change in Control. 
 
 (a) Except as may be provided under the remainder of this Section 6, upon termination of Service during the Performance Period for any reason other than retirement in accordance with the Retirement Conditions, death or Disability, all Units will be immediately forfeited without consideration. 
 
 (b) Upon (i) termination of Service during the Performance Period due to death or Disability, the Target Number of Units subject to this Award will be deemed Earned Units and will vest in full upon such termination, or (ii) a Change in Control during the Performance Period as a result of which the Company does not survive as an operating company or survives only as a subsidiary of another entity (a Business Combination ), the Target Number of Units subject to this Award will be deemed Earned Units and will vest in full upon or immediately before, and conditioned upon, the consummation of the Business Combination. Any remaining Units that do not vest as provided in this Section 6(b) will be immediately forfeited without consideration. In connection with a Change in Control during the Performance Period that is not a Business Combination, the Committee may provide in its discretion that the Target Number of Units subject to this Award will be deemed Earned Units and will vest in full upon the occurrence of the Change in Control or upon the termination of the Participant s Service as an employee within 12 months following the Change in Control. 
 
 (c) Except as may be provided by the Committee pursuant to Section 6(d) or (e), upon termination of Service during the Vesting Period for any reason other than retirement in accordance with the Retirement Conditions, death or Disability, all Earned Units that have not vested will be immediately forfeited without consideration. 
 
 (d) Upon (i) termination of Service during the Vesting Period due to death or Disability, all Earned Units will vest in full upon such termination, or (ii) a Business Combination during the Vesting Period, all Earned Units will vest in full upon or immediately before, and conditioned upon, the consummation of the Business Combination. In connection with a Change in Control during the Vesting Period that is not a Business Combination, the Committee may provide in its discretion that all Earned Units will vest in full upon the occurrence of the Change in Control or upon the termination of the Participant s Service as an employee within 12 months following the Change in Control. 
 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Units shall continue to be earned in accordance with Section 3 of this Agreement and vest over the 

Vesting Period in accordance with Section 4 of this Agreement if your Service to the Company or any Affiliate terminates because of your Retirement and the following conditions are satisfied (i) you commenced discussions with the Company s Chief Executive Officer or most senior human resources executive regarding your retirement from Service at least 12 full months prior to the date your Service terminates (the Retirement Date and (ii) during the period beginning on your Retirement Date and ending on the final day of the Vesting Period, you (a) continue to be available to provide Service as requested and (b) do not become employed by or otherwise provide paid services to any other entity or organization provided, however, that you may be permitted to serve as an independent director on a board of directors for an entity that are not competitive with the Company s business so long as any such service as an independent director is reviewed and approved in advance by the Committee. For the avoidance of doubt, if you fail to comply with the conditions in this Section 6(e), you will forfeit all unvested Earned Units. 
 
 For purposes of this Agreement, Retirement means the termination of your employment (i) when you are age 55 or older and have at least five years of continuous Service as an employee (which must be immediately preceding the date of termination) and (ii) the sum of your age as of the date of your termination plus your years of Service as an employee equals at least 75. Any Units that vest pursuant to this Section 6(e) shall be paid to you not later than 74 days after the applicable vesting date of the Units as specified in Section 4 of this Agreement. 
 
 7. Settlement of Units . After any Units vest pursuant to Section 4 or Section 6 of this Agreement, the Company shall, as soon as practicable (but in any event within the period specified in Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4) to qualify for a short-term deferral exception to Section 409A of the Code), cause to be issued and delivered to the Participant, or to the Participant s designated beneficiary or estate in the event of the Participant s death, one Share in payment and settlement of each vested Unit (the date of each such issuance being a Settlement Date ). After any Units vest pursuant to Section 6(e) of this Agreement, the Company shall, as soon as practicable (but in any event within the period specified in Treas. Reg. 1.409A-3(d)), cause to be issued and delivered to you, one Share in payment and settlement of each vested Unit. Delivery of the Shares shall be effected by the electronic delivery of the Shares to a brokerage account maintained for the Participant at E TRADE (or another broker designated by the Company or the Participant), or by another method provided by the Company, and shall be subject to the tax withholding provisions of Section 8 of this Agreement and compliance with all applicable legal requirements, including compliance with the requirements of applicable federal and state securities laws, and shall be in complete satisfaction and settlement of such vested Units. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may provide that the settlement of any Earned Units that vest in accordance with Section 6(b)(ii) or 6(d)(ii) of this Agreement will be made in the amount and in the form of the consideration (whether stock, cash, other securities or property, or a combination thereof) to which a holder of a Share was entitled upon the consummation of the Business Combination (without interest thereon) (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares). 
 
 8. Tax Consequences and Withholding . As a condition precedent to the settlement of the Units, the Participant is required to make arrangements acceptable to the Company for payment of any federal, state or local withholding taxes that may be due as a result of the settlement of the Units Withholding Taxes ), in accordance with Section 14 of the Plan. 

Until such time as the Company provides notice to the contrary, it will collect the Withholding Taxes through an automatic Share withholding procedure (the Share Withholding Method ), unless other arrangements acceptable to the Company have been made. Under such procedure, the Company or its agent will withhold, upon the tax withholding event, a portion of the Shares with a Fair Market Value (measured as of such date) sufficient to cover the amount of such taxes provided, however, that the number of any Shares so withheld shall not exceed the number necessary to satisfy the Company s required tax withholding obligations using the applicable minimum statutory withholding rate or such other rate as may be permitted under the Plan up to the maximum rate applicable in your jurisdiction. 
 
 In the event that the Committee determines that the Share Withholding Method would be problematic under applicable tax or securities laws or would result in materially adverse accounting consequences, you authorize the Company to collect Withholding Taxes through one of the following methods 
 
 (a) delivery of the Participant s authorization to E TRADE (or another broker designated by the Company or the Participant) to transfer to the Company from the Participant s account at such broker the amount of such Withholding Taxes 
 
 (b) the use of the proceeds from a next-day sale of the Shares issued to the Participant, provided that (i) such sale is permissible under the Company s trading policies governing its securities, (ii) the Participant makes an irrevocable commitment, on or before a Settlement Date, to effect such sale of the Shares, and (iii) the transaction is not otherwise deemed to constitute a prohibited loan under Section 402 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 or 
 
 (c) any other method approved by the Company. 
 
 9. No Shareholder Rights . The Units subject to this Award do not entitle the Participant to any rights of a shareholder of the Company s common stock. The Participant will not have any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company in connection with the grant of Units subject to this Agreement unless and until Shares are issued to the Participant upon settlement of the Units as provided in Section 7 of this Agreement. 
 
 10. Governing Plan Document . This Agreement and the Award are subject to all the provisions of the Plan, and to all interpretations, rules and regulations which may, from time to time, be adopted and promulgated by the Committee pursuant to the Plan. If there is any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern. 
 
 11. Choice of Law . This Agreement will be interpreted and enforced under the laws of the state of Minnesota (without regard to its conflicts or choice of law principles). 
 
 12. Binding Effect . This Agreement will be binding in all respects on the Participant s heirs, representatives, successors and assigns, and on the successors and assigns of the Company. 
 
 13. Discontinuance of Service . This Agreement does not give the Participant a right to continued Service with the Company or any Affiliate, and the Company or any such Affiliate 

may terminate the Participant s Service at any time and otherwise deal with the Participant without regard to the effect it may have upon the Participant under this Agreement. 
 
 14. Section 409A of the Code . The Units as provided in this Agreement and any issuance of Shares or payment pursuant to this Agreement are intended to either be exempt from or comply with Section 409A of the Code so as not to subject you to payment of any additional tax, penalty or interest imposed under Section 409A of the Code. The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed and interpreted to avoid the imputation of any such additional tax, penalty or interest under Section 409A of the Code yet preserve (to the nearest extent reasonably possible) the intended benefit payable to you. 
 
 15. Compensation Recovery Policy . To the extent that any compensation paid or payable pursuant to this Agreement is considered incentive-based compensation within the meaning of (i) the Company s Executive Officer Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy, (ii) any similar or superseding policy adopted by the Board or any committee thereof or (iii) Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any implementing rules and regulations thereunder adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission or any national securities exchange on which the Company s common stock is then listed, such compensation shall be subject to potential forfeiture or recovery by the Company in accordance with such policies, laws, rules or regulations. 

By executing this Agreement, the Participant accepts this Award and agrees to all the terms and conditions described in this Agreement and in the Plan document. 

PARTICIPANT FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION By 

</EX-10.55>

<EX-10.56>
 3
 ex1056-formofmsuawardagree.htm
 EX-10.56 MSU 2021 LTIP

Document 

Exhibit 10.56 
 Fair Isaac Corporation 
 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 
 Market Share Unit Agreement 

This Market Share Unit Award Agreement (this Agreement ), dated December __ , 20 __ (the Grant Date ), is by and between Name (the Participant ), and Fair Isaac Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ). Any term capitalized but not defined in this Agreement will have the meaning set forth in the Company s 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan ). 
 
 In the exercise of its discretion to grant Awards under the Plan, the Committee has determined that the Participant should receive an Award of market share units under the Plan (the Units ). This Award is subject to the following terms and conditions 
 
 1. Grant of Market Share Units . The Company hereby grants to the Participant an Award consisting of ________ Units (the Target Units ), subject to possible decrease to as few as 0 Units and to possible increase to as many as ________ Units as provided by this Agreement. Each Unit that has been earned pursuant to Section 3 of this Agreement and vests pursuant to Section 4 of this Agreement represents the right to receive one share of the Company s common stock as provided in Section 7 of this Agreement. The Award will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. 
 
 2. Restrictions on Units . Neither this Award nor the Units subject to this Award may be sold, assigned, transferred, exchanged or encumbered other than a transfer upon death in accordance with the Participant s will, by the laws of descent and distribution or pursuant to a beneficiary designation submitted by the Participant in accordance with Section 6(d) of the Plan. Any attempted transfer in violation of this Section 2 shall be of no effect and may result in the forfeiture of all Units. The Units and the Participant s right to receive Shares in settlement of the Units under this Agreement shall be subject to forfeiture as provided in this Agreement until satisfaction of the conditions for earning and vesting the Units as set forth in Section 3 and Section 4 of this Agreement, respectively. 
 
 3. Earned Units . Whether and to what degree the Units are earned will be determined by the relationship between the Company s total shareholder return performance relative to that of a benchmark index during three performance periods Performance Period 1 will start on December 1 , 20 _ and end on November 30 , 20 _ , Performance Period 2 will start on December 1 , 20 _ and end on November 30 , 20 _ , and Performance Period 3 will start on December 1 , 20 _ and end on November 30 , 20 _ (each, a Performance Period ). The Performance Periods may be adjusted under the circumstances and to the extent specified in Section 6(b) of this Agreement. 
 
 (a) The number of Units subject to this Award that will be deemed earned at the conclusion of Performance Period 1 (the Period 1 Earned Units will equal of the number of Target Units multiplied by the Relative Return Factor (calculated in accordance with Appendix A to this Agreement) applicable to Performance Period 1, rounded down to the nearest whole Unit in case of a fraction. 
 1 

(b) The number of Units subject to this Award that will be deemed earned at the conclusion of Performance Period 2 (the Period 2 Earned Units will equal of the number of Target Units multiplied by the Relative Return Factor applicable to Performance Period 2, rounded down to the nearest whole Unit in case of a fraction. 
 
 (c) The number of Units subject to this Award that will be deemed earned at the conclusion of Performance Period 3 (the Period 3 Earned Units will equal the number of Target Units multiplied by the Relative Return Factor applicable to Performance Period 3, rounded down to the nearest whole Unit in case of a fraction, minus the sum of the Period 1 Earned Units and the Period 2 Earned Units provided that if a negative number results from the calculation of Period 3 Earned Units, the number of Period 3 Earned Units will be deemed to be 0. 
 
 (d) Any Units that are not deemed to be Period 1 Earned Units, Period 2 Earned Units, or Period 3 Earned Units in accordance with this Section 3 will be forfeited without consideration. 
 
 4. Vesting of Earned Units . Subject to Section 6 of this Agreement, if the Participant remains a Service Provider continuously from the Grant Date, then all Period 1 Earned Units will vest as of December __ , 20 _ , all Period 2 Earned Units will vest as of December __ , 20 _ , and all Period 3 Earned Units will vest as of December __ , 20 _ . 
 
 5. Service Requirement . Except as otherwise provided in accordance with Section 6 of this Agreement, if you cease to be a Service Provider prior to the vesting dates specified in Section 4 of this Agreement, you will forfeit all unvested Units. Your Service will be deemed continuing while you are on a leave of absence approved by the Company in writing or guaranteed by applicable law or other written agreement you have entered into with the Company (an Approved Leave ). If you do not resume providing Service to the Company or any Affiliate following your Approved Leave, your Service will be deemed to have terminated upon the expiration of the Approved Leave. 
 
 6. Effect of Termination of Service or Change in Control. 
 
 (a) Except as provided under the remainder of this Section 6, upon termination of Service prior to the final vesting date, any unvested Units will be immediately forfeited without consideration. 
 
 (b) Upon a Change in Control as a result of which the Company does not survive as an operating company or survives only as a subsidiary of another entity (a Business Combination that is consummated before the end of Performance Period 3, the following provisions apply 
 
 (i) Each Performance Period during which the Business Combination occurs will be truncated so that it ends on the date the Business Combination is consummated (each, an Adjusted Performance Period ). 
 
 (ii) The number of Units deemed earned at the conclusion of each Adjusted Performance Period (the Adjusted Period Earned Units will be calculated as 

specified in Section 3(a), (b), or (c) of this Agreement, as applicable, using the modified calculation of the Relative Return Factor set forth in Appendix A . 
 
 (iii) A portion of the Adjusted Period Earned Units for each Adjusted Performance Period will vest in full upon or immediately before, and conditioned upon, the consummation of the Business Combination, with such portion determined by multiplying the number of Adjusted Period Earned Units for that Adjusted Performance Period by a fraction, the numerator of which equals the number of days contained in the Adjusted Performance Period and the denominator of which equals the number of days contained in the Performance Period without adjustment (the Accelerated Units ). 
 
 (iv) The number of Adjusted Period Earned Units in excess of the number of Accelerated Units for each Adjusted Performance Period (the Time-Based Units will vest ratably on the 10 th day of each month during the period beginning with the consummation of the Business Combination and ending on December __ , 20 _ , provided the Participant s Service as an employee with the acquiring or surviving entity in the Business Combination (or with any of its affiliated entities) continues without interruption. If the Participant experiences an involuntary termination of Service for reasons other than Cause during such vesting period, the Time-Based Units will vest in full. 
 
 (c) In connection with a Change in Control that is not a Business Combination and that is consummated before the end of Performance Period 3, the Committee may provide in its discretion that some or all of the unearned and unvested Units subject to this Award will be deemed earned and will vest in full upon the occurrence of the Change in Control or upon the termination of the Participant s Service as an employee within 12 months following the Change in Control. 
 
 (d) In connection with a Change in Control that is consummated after the end of Performance Period 3 but before December __ , 20 _ , the Period 3 Earned Units will vest in full upon the consummation of such a Change in Control. 
 
 (e) In connection with a termination of Service due to death or Disability before the end of Performance Period 3, a number of Units equal to the Target Units minus the sum of any vested Period 1 Earned Units and vested Period 2 Earned Units will vest in full upon such termination. In connection with a termination of Service due to death or Disability after the end of Performance Period 3 but before December __ , 20 _ , the Period 3 Earned Units will vest in full upon such termination. 
 
 (f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Units will continue to be earned and vest in accordance with Sections 3 and 4 of this Agreement if your Service to the Company or any Affiliate terminates because of your Retirement and the following conditions are satisfied (i) you commenced discussions with the Company s Chief Executive Officer or most senior human resources executive regarding your retirement from Service at least 12 full months prior to the date your Service terminates (the Retirement Date and (ii) during the period beginning on your Retirement Date and ending on the final day of the vesting periods set forth in Section 4 of this Agreement, you (a) continue to be available to provide Service as requested and (b) do not become employed by or otherwise provide paid services to any other entity or organization provided, however, that you may be permitted to serve as an independent director on the board of directors for one or more 

entities that are not competitive with the Company s business so long as any such service as an independent director is reviewed and approved in advance by the Committee. For the avoidance of doubt, if you fail to comply with the conditions in this Section 6(f), you will forfeit all unvested Earned Units. 
 
 For purposes of this Agreement, Retirement means the termination of your employment (a) when you are age 55 or older and have at least five years of continuous Service as an employee (which must be immediately preceding the date of termination) and (b) the sum of your age as of the date of your termination plus your years of Service as an employee equals at least 75. Any Units that vest pursuant to this Section 6(f) shall be paid to you not later than 74 days after the applicable vesting date of the Units as specified in Section 4 of this Agreement. 
 
 7. Settlement of Units . After any Units vest pursuant to Section 4 or Section 6 of this Agreement, the Company shall, as soon as practicable (but in any event within the period specified in Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4) to qualify for a short-term deferral exception to Section 409A of the Code), cause to be issued and delivered to the Participant, or to the Participant s designated beneficiary or estate in the event of the Participant s death, one Share in payment and settlement of each vested Unit (the date of each such issuance being a Settlement Date ). After any Units vested pursuant to Section 6(f) of this Agreement, the Company shall, as soon as practicable (but in any event within the period specified in Treas. Reg. 1,409A3(d)), cause to be issued and delivered to you, one Share in payment and settlement of each vested Unit. Delivery of the Shares shall be effected by the electronic delivery of the Shares to a brokerage account maintained for the Participant at E TRADE (or another broker designated by the Company or the Participant), or by another method provided by the Company, and shall be subject to the tax withholding provisions of Section 8 of this Agreement and compliance with all applicable legal requirements, including compliance with the requirements of applicable federal and state securities laws, and shall be in complete satisfaction and settlement of such vested Units. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the settlement of each Time-Based Unit that vests in accordance with Section 6(b)(iv) of this Agreement will be made in the amount and in the form of the consideration (whether stock, cash, other securities or property, or a combination thereof) to which a holder of a Share was entitled upon the consummation of the Business Combination (without interest thereon) (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares), and (ii) the Committee may provide for the settlement of Adjusted Period Earned Units that vest in accordance with Section 6(b)(iii) of this Agreement or for the settlement of Period 3 Earned Units that vest under the circumstances specified in Section 6(d) of this Agreement on the same basis as described in the preceding clause (i). 
 
 8. Tax Consequences and Withholding . As a condition precedent to the delivery of Shares in settlement of the Units, the Participant is required to make arrangements acceptable to the Company for payment of any federal, state or local withholding taxes that may be due as a result of the settlement of the Units Withholding Taxes ), in accordance with Section 14 of the Plan. 
 
 Until such time as the Company provides notice to the contrary, it will collect the Withholding Taxes through an automatic Share withholding procedure (the Share Withholding Method ), unless other arrangements acceptable to the Company have been 

made. Under such procedure, the Company or its agent will withhold, upon the tax withholding event, a portion of the Shares with a Fair Market Value (measured as of such date) sufficient to cover the amount of such taxes provided, however, that the number of any Shares so withheld shall not exceed the number necessary to satisfy the Company s required tax withholding obligations using the applicable minimum statutory withholding rate or such other rate as may be permitted under the Plan up to the maximum rate applicable in your jurisdiction. 
 
 In the event that the Committee determines that the Share Withholding Method would be problematic under applicable tax or securities laws or would result in materially adverse accounting consequences, you authorize the Company to collect Withholding Taxes through one of the following methods 
 
 (a) delivery of the Participant s authorization to E TRADE (or another broker designated by the Company or the Participant) to transfer to the Company from the Participant s account at such broker the amount of such Withholding Taxes 
 
 (b) the use of the proceeds from a next-day sale of the Shares issued to the Participant, provided that (i) such sale is permissible under the Company s trading policies governing its securities, (ii) the Participant makes an irrevocable commitment, on or before a Settlement Date, to effect such sale of the Shares, and (iii) the transaction is not otherwise deemed to constitute a prohibited loan under Section 402 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 or 
 
 (c) any other method approved by the Company. 
 
 9. No Shareholder Rights . The Units subject to this Award do not entitle the Participant to any rights of a shareholder of the Company s common stock. The Participant will not have any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company in connection with the grant of Units subject to this Agreement unless and until Shares are issued to the Participant upon settlement of the Units as provided in Section 7 of this Agreement. 
 
 10. Governing Plan Document . This Agreement and the Award are subject to all the provisions of the Plan, and to all interpretations, rules and regulations which may, from time to time, be adopted and promulgated by the Committee pursuant to the Plan. If there is any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern. 
 
 11. Choice of Law . This Agreement will be interpreted and enforced under the laws of the state of Minnesota (without regard to its conflicts or choice of law principles). 
 
 12. Binding Effect . This Agreement will be binding in all respects on the Participant s heirs, representatives, successors and assigns, and on the successors and assigns of the Company. 
 
 13. Discontinuance of Service . This Agreement does not give the Participant a right to continued Service with the Company or any Affiliate, and the Company or any such Affiliate may terminate the Participant s Service at any time and otherwise deal with the Participant without regard to the effect it may have upon the Participant under this Agreement. 

14. Section 409A of the Code . The Units as provided in this Agreement and any issuance of Shares or payment pursuant to this Agreement are intended to either be exempt from or comply with Section 409A of the Code so as not to subject you to payment of any additional tax, penalty or interest imposed under Section 409A of the Code. The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed and interpreted to avoid the imputation of any such additional tax, penalty or interest under Section 409A of the Code yet preserve (to the nearest extent reasonably possible) the intended benefit payable to you. 
 
 15. Compensation Recovery Policy . To the extent that any compensation paid or payable pursuant to this Agreement is considered incentive-based compensation within the meaning of (i) the Company s Executive Officer Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy, (ii) any similar or superseding policy adopted by the Board or any committee thereof or (iii) Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any implementing rules and regulations thereunder adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission or any national securities exchange on which the Company s common stock is then listed, such compensation shall be subject to potential forfeiture or recovery by the Company in accordance with such policies, laws, rules or regulations. 
 
 By executing this Agreement, the Participant accepts this Award and agrees to all the terms and conditions described in this Agreement and in the Plan document. 

PARTICIPANT FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION By 

</EX-10.56>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 ex-211subsidiariesnarrativ.htm
 EX-21.1 SUBSIDIARIES FY21

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION SUBSIDIARIES 
 Name of Company 
 Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation Organization 
 Data Research Technologies, Inc. 
 Minnesota 
 Entiera, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 eZmCom, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Fair Isaac (ASPAC) Pte. Ltd. 
 Singapore 
 Fair Isaac (Australia) Pty Ltd 
 Australia 
 Fair Isaac (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. 
 Singapore 
 Fair Isaac (Thailand) Co., Ltd. 
 Thailand 
 Fair Isaac Asia Holdings, Inc. 
 Minnesota 
 Fair Isaac Asia Pacific Corp. 
 Delaware 
 Fair Isaac Brazil, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Fair Isaac Canada, Ltd. 
 Canada 
 Fair Isaac Chile Software and Services Ltda. 
 Chile 
 Fair Isaac Credit Services, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Fair Isaac do Brasil, Ltda. 
 Brazil 
 Fair Isaac Espa a SL 
 Spain 
 Fair Isaac Europe Limited 
 England and Wales 
 Fair Isaac Germany GmbH 
 Germany 
 Fair Isaac Holdings, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Fair Isaac Hong Kong Limited 
 Hong Kong 
 Fair Isaac India Software Private Limited 
 India 
 Fair Isaac Information Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. 
 People s Republic of China 
 Fair Isaac International Corporation 
 California 
 Fair Isaac Italy S.r.l. 
 Italy 
 Fair Isaac Japan G.K. 
 Japan 
 Fair Isaac Lithuania, UAB 
 Lithuania 
 Fair Isaac Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. 
 Malaysia 
 Fair Isaac Mexico S.A. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 Fair Isaac Network, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Fair Isaac Nordics AB 
 Sweden 
 Fair Isaac Polska sp. z.o.o. 
 Poland 
 Fair Isaac Services Limited 
 England and Wales 
 Fair Isaac Software Holdings Limited 
 England and Wales 
 Fair Isaac South Africa (Pty) Ltd 
 South Africa 
 Fair Isaac Turkey Software and Consultancy Services Limited Sirketi 
 Turkey 
 Fair Isaac UK Group Limited 
 England and Wales 
 Fair Isaac UK Holdings, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Fair Isaac UK International Holdings Ltd. 
 England and Wales 
 Fair Isaac UK Investment Holdings LP 
 England and Wales 
 Fair Isaac WBR Limited Liability Company 
 Russia 
 FICO Middle East FZ-LLC 
 United Arab Emirates 
 HNC Software LLC 
 Delaware 
 Infoglide Software Corporation 
 Delaware 
 myFICO Consumer Services Inc. 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 ex-231deloitteconsent10xk2.htm
 EX-23.1 DT CONSENT FY21

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-253828, 333-236948, 333-230061, 333-230059, 333-223492, 333-216171, 333-209761, 333-194231, 333-114364, 333-133268, 333-179417, 333-123751, 333-123750, 333-114365, 333-66348, 333-32398, 333-95889, 333-83905, 333-65179, 333-02121 and 333-102848 on Form S-8 of our reports dated November 10, 2021, relating to the financial statements of Fair Isaac Corporation and the effectiveness of Fair Isaac Corporation s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021. 

s Deloitte & Touche LLP San Diego, CA November 10, 2021 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex-31110xk2021.htm
 EX-31.1 FY21

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, William J. Lansing, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Fair Isaac Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 10, 2021 
 
 s WILLIAM J. LANSING William J. Lansing Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex-31210xk2021.htm
 EX-31.2 FY21

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Michael I. McLaughlin, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Fair Isaac Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 10, 2021 
 
 s MICHAEL I. MCLAUGHLIN Michael I. McLaughlin Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex-32110xk2021.htm
 EX-32.1 FY21

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned certifies that this periodic report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in this periodic report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Fair Isaac Corporation. 
 Date November 10, 2021 
 
 s WILLIAM J. LANSING William J. Lansing Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 ex-32210xk2021.htm
 EX-32.2 FY21

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned certifies that this periodic report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in this periodic report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Fair Isaac Corporation. 
 Date November 10, 2021 
 
 s MICHAEL I. MCLAUGHLIN Michael I. McLaughlin Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 fico-20210930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 fico-20210930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 fico-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 fico-20210930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 fico-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

