<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211203_10-K_edgar_data_1675634_0001104659-21-146029.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12691577</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>492844</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1173440</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4491357</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3689616</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2498830</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-21-146029.hdr.sgml : 20211203
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211202210943
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-21-146029
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		104
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211203
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211202

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ShiftPixy, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001675634
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-EMPLOYMENT AGENCIES [7361]
		IRS NUMBER:				474211438
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37954
		FILM NUMBER:		211468485

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 VENTURE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 150
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-798-9100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 VENTURE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 150
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001104659-21-146029.txt : 20211203

10-K
 1
 tm2133982d1_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

(Mark
 One 
 
 x 
 ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the transition period from _____________ to _____________ 

SEC File No. 001-37954 

SHIFTPIXY, INC. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Wyoming 
 
 47-4211438 

(State
 of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No.) 

501
 Brickell Key Drive, Suite 300, Miami, FL 33131 
 
 33131 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s telephone number: (888)
798-9100 

Securities to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: 

Common
 Stock, par value 0.0001 per share 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 The
 NASDAQ Stock Market LLC 

Title
 of each class registered 
 
 PIXY 
 
 Name of each exchange on which each class
 is registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of
the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o No
 x 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes
 o No x 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No
 o 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit such files). Yes x No o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging company. See the
definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 o 
 Accelerated
 filer 
 o 

Non-accelerated
 filer 
 x 
 Smaller
 reporting company 
 x 

Emerging
 growth company 
 x 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition for complying with
any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act o 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by
the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. x 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act.) Yes o No
 x 

The aggregate market value of the voting and
non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold as of the last business
day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter 3.00 on February 26, 2021) was approximately 39,152,000. 

The number of outstanding shares of Registrant s
Common Stock, 0.0001 par value, was 28,713,099 shares as of November 29, 2021. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Description
 of Business 
 5 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 24 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 43 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 43 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 44 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 44 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Small Business Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 45 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected
 Financial Data 
 46 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 46 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 63 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial
 Statements 
 64 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 65 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 65 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 66 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 67 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 72 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 74 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 75 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 
 76 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits 
 77 

2 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS AND INFORMATION 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K Form 10-K ),
the other reports, statements, and information that we have previously filed or that we may subsequently file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission SEC ), and public announcements that we have previously made or may subsequently make, contain forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995,
which statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Unless the context is otherwise, the forward-looking statements included
or incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K and those reports, statements, information and announcements address activities,
events or developments that ShiftPixy, Inc. (referred to throughout this Form 10-K as we, us, our, 
the Company or ShiftPixy ), expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future. Forward-looking statements
generally relate to future events or our future financial or operating performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements
because they contain words such as may, might, will, should, expects, 
 plans, anticipates, could, intends, target, projects, 
 contemplates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential or continue 
or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans or intentions. Forward-looking
statements contained in this Form 10-K include, but are not limited to, statements about: 

our
 future financial performance, including our revenue, costs of revenue and operating expenses; 

our
 ability to achieve and grow profitability; 

the
 sufficiency of our cash, cash equivalents and investments to meet our liquidity needs; 

our
 predictions about industry and market trends; 

our
 ability to expand successfully internationally; 

our
 ability to manage effectively our growth and future expenses, including our growth and expenses
 associated with our sponsorship of various special purpose acquisition companies; 

our
 estimated total addressable market; 

our
 ability to maintain, protect and enhance our intellectual property; 

our
 ability to comply with modified or new laws and regulations applying to our business; 

the
 attraction and retention of qualified employees and key personnel; 

the
 effect that the novel coronavirus disease COVID-19 or other public health
 issues could have on our business and financial condition and the economy in general; and 

our
 ability to be successful in defending litigation brought against us. 

We caution you that the forward-looking statements
highlighted above do not encompass all of the forward-looking statements made in this Form 10-K. 

We have based the forward-looking statements
contained in this Form 10-K primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe
may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking
statements is subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors described in the section of this Form 10-K entitled Risk
Factors and elsewhere. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and challenging environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge
from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking
statements contained in this Form 10-K. We cannot assure you that the results, events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking
statements will be achieved or occur, and actual results, events or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the
forward-looking statements. 

The forward-looking statements made in this Form 10-K
relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements
made in this Form 10-K to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Form 10-K or to reflect new information or
the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations
disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking
statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures, other strategic transactions
or investments we may make or enter into. 

3 

The risks and uncertainties we currently face
are not the only ones we face. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict which will arise. There
may be additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial to our business. In addition, we cannot
assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results
to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. If any such risks occur, our business, operating results,
liquidity and financial condition could be materially affected in an adverse manner. 

The industry and market data contained in this
Form 10-K are based either on our management s own estimates or, where indicated, independent industry publications, reports
by governmental agencies or market research firms or other published independent sources and, in each case, are believed by our management
to be reasonable estimates. However, industry and market data are subject to change and cannot always be verified with complete certainty
due to limits on the availability and reliability of raw data, the voluntary nature of the data gathering process and other limitations
and uncertainties inherent in any statistical survey of market shares. We have not independently verified market and industry data from
third-party sources. In addition, consumption patterns and customer preferences can and do change. As a result, you should be aware that
market share, ranking and other similar data set forth herein, and estimates and beliefs based on such data, may not be verifiable or
reliable. 

4 

PART I 

Item 1. Description of
Business 

Company Information 

We were incorporated under the laws of the State
of Wyoming on June 3, 2015. Our principal executive office is located at 501 Brickell Key Drive, Suite 300, Miami, FL 33131,
and our telephone number is (888) 798-9100. Our website address is www.shiftpixy.com. Our website does not form a part of this Form 10-K
and listing of our website address is for informational purposes only. 

Business Overview 

We are a human capital management HCM platform that provides real-time business intelligence along with HR services on a fee-based software as a service SAAS business model. We provide human resources, employment compliance, insurance related, payroll, and operational employment services solutions
for our business clients clients or operators and shift work or gig opportunities for worksite
employees WSEs or shifters ). As consideration for providing these services, we receive administrative or
processing fees as a percentage of a client s gross payroll, process and file payroll taxes and payroll tax returns, provide workers 
compensation coverage and administration related services, and provide employee benefits. The level of our administrative fees is dependent
on the services provided to our clients which ranges from basic payroll processing to a full suite of human resources information systems HRIS technology. Our primary operating business metric is gross billings, consisting of our clients fully burdened
payroll costs, which includes, in addition to payroll, workers compensation insurance premiums, employer taxes, and benefits costs. 

Our goal is to be the best online fully-integrated
workforce solution and employer services support platform for lower-wage workers and employment opportunities. We have built an application
and desktop capable marketplace solution that allows for workers to access and apply for job opportunities created by our clients and
to provide traditional back-office services to our clients as well as real-time business information for our clients human capital
needs and requirements. 

We have designed our business platform to evolve
to meet the needs of a changing workforce and a changing work environment. We believe our approach and robust technology will benefit
from the observed demographic workplace shift away from traditional employee/employer relationships towards the increasingly flexible
work environment that is characteristic of the gig economy. We believe this change in approach began after the 2008 financial crisis
and is currently being driven by the labor shortage created out of the COVID-19 economic crisis. We also believe that a significant problem
underpinning the lower wage labor crisis is the sourcing of workers and matching temporary or gig workers to short-term job opportunities. 

Figure 1 

5 

We have built our business on a recurring revenue
model since our inception in 2015. Our initial market focus has been to monetize a traditional staffing services business model, coupled
with developed technology, to address underserved markets containing predominately lower wage employees with high turnover, including
the light industrial, food service, restaurant, and hospitality markets. 

Although we have recently expanded into other
industries, as noted below, for our fiscal year ended August 31, 2021 Fiscal 2021 ), our primary focus was on clients
in the restaurant and hospitality industries, market segments traditionally characterized by high employee turnover and low pay rates.
We believe that these industries will be better served by our HRIS technology platform and related mobile smartphone application that
provides payroll and human resources tracking for our clients. The use of our HRIS platform should provide our clients with real-time
human capital business intelligence and we believe will result in lower operating costs, improved customer experience, and revenue growth.
All of our clients enter into service agreements with us or one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries to provide these services. 

We believe that our value proposition is to provide
a combination of overall net cost savings to our clients, for which they are willing to pay increased administrative fees that offset
the costs of the services we provide, as follows: 

Payroll
 tax compliance and management services; 

Governmental
 HR compliance such as for Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ACA compliance requirements; 

Reduced
 client workers compensation premiums or enhanced coverage; 

Access
 to an employee pool of potential qualified applicants to reduce turnover costs; 

Ability
 to fulfill temporary worker requirements in a tight labor market with our intermediation job matching services; and 

Reduced screening and onboarding
 costs due to access to an improved pool of qualified applicants who can be onboarded through a highly advanced, efficient, and virtually
 paperless technology platform. 

Our management believes that providing this baseline
business, coupled with our technology solution, provides a unique, value-added solution to the HR compliance, staffing, and scheduling
problems that businesses face. Over the past eighteen months, in the face of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have instituted various growth
initiatives described below that are designed to accelerate our revenue growth. These initiatives include the matching of temporary job
opportunities between workers and employers under a fully compliant staffing solution through our HRIS platform. For this solution to
be effective, we need to obtain a significant number of WSEs in concentrated geographic areas to fulfill our clients unique staffing
needs and facilitate the client-WSE relationship. 

Managing, recruiting, and scheduling a high volume
of low-wage employees can be both difficult and expensive. Historically, the acquisition and recruiting of such an employee population
has been a labor intensive and expensive process in part due to high onboarding costs and complex issues surrounding such matters as
tax information capture or I-9 verification. Early in our history, we evaluated these costs and found that proper process flows that
are automated with blockchain and cloud technology, coupled with access to lower cost workers compensation policies resulting
from economies of scale, could result in a profitable and low-cost scalable business model. 

Over the past four years, we have invested heavily
in a robust, cloud-based HRIS platform to: 

reduce
 client WSE management costs; 

automate
 new WSE and client onboarding; 

accumulate
 a large pool of qualified WSEs across multiple geographical markets; 

facilitate
 the intermediation (job matching) of WSEs with job opportunities; and 

supply
 additional value-added services for our clients that generate additional revenue streams
 for us. 

6 

We began to develop our HRIS platform in 2017,
including our front-end desktop and mobile smartphone application to facilitate easier WSE and client onboarding processes, deliver additional
client functionality, and provide enhanced opportunities for WSEs to find shift work. Beginning in March 2019, we transitioned the
development of our mobile smartphone application from a third-party vendor to an in-house development team and launched an early version
of the application several months later. As of August 31, 2019, we had completed the initial launch of our mobile application, and
we started to provide some of the HRIS and application services to select legacy customers on a pilot project basis. During our fiscal
year ended August 31, 2020 Fiscal 2020), our in-house engineers continued to implement additional HRIS functionality in employee
fulfillment, delivery and scheduling services, and gig intermediation services through our mobile smartphone application.
During Fiscal 2021, our technology development efforts focused on supporting our growth initiatives with features such as bulk on-boarding,
intermediation, and vertical market integrations. We see these technology-based services as having potential to generate multiple streams
of revenue from a variety of different markets. 

Our cloud-based HRIS platform captures, holds,
and processes HR and payroll information for our clients and WSEs through an easy-to-use customized front-end interface coupled with
a secure, remotely hosted database. The HRIS system can be accessed by either a desktop computer or an easy-to-use mobile smartphone
application designed with HR workflows in mind. Once fully implemented, we expect to reduce the time, expense, and error rate for onboarding
our clients employees into our HRIS ecosystem. Upon being onboarded, these WSEs are listed as available for shift work within
our business ecosystem. This allows our HRIS platform to serve as both a gig marketplace for WSEs for our opportunities and also allows
for clients to better manage their staffing needs. 

We see our technology platform and our ability
to process gig workers as fully compliant W-2 employees as a key competitive advantage and differentiator to our market competitors that
will facilitate expansion of our HCM services beyond our current concentration in low-wage restaurant employees and healthcare workers.
We are completing added features that are expected to generate new revenue streams over the next twelve months by expanding our product
offerings, increasing our client customer and WSE counts, and maximizing the revenues and profits generated per existing WSE. We further
believe that our accumulation of a significant number of WSEs on our platform, whether currently billed or not, will facilitate additional
growth initiatives with the potential to generate significant value for our shareholders, as described below. 

Beginning in January 2020, we operated under
a traditional staffing services business model, coupled with developed technology, to address underserved markets in the restaurant and
hospitality industries, predominately consisting of lower wage employees with high turnover. At the same time, we continued our prior
efforts to expand our services into other industries that utilize higher paid employees on a temporary or part-time basis, including
the healthcare staffing industry. Our go-to-market approach was to use an inside sales force to market our services directly to clients
to manage their human capital requirements and to form strategic relationships with business associations to gather WSEs. Until the COVID-19
pandemic, this approach was effective and resulted in substantial growth. However, the COVID-19 pandemic changed the landscape in HCM
due to reduced employment in our core restaurant and hospitality markets. 

Starting in late Fiscal 2020, we identified and
launched several growth initiatives designed to fully leverage our HRIS platform. These growth initiatives included the following: (i) launching
ShiftPixy Labs in July 2020 to create affiliated high growth restaurant opportunities through a fully immersive customer experience;
and (ii) devoting resources beginning in early calendar 2021 Calendar 2021 to sponsor multiple special purpose acquisition
companies, or SPACs , to create multiple large staffing entities with a national footprint, along with a substantial workers 
compensation insurance provider, all of whom would benefit from contractual relationships with us and fuel our rapid expansion and growth. 

7 

Figure 2 

We have built a substantial business on a recurring
revenue model since our inception in 2015. Prior to Fiscal 2021, all of our billings consisted of gross employee payroll along with employer
payroll taxes, workers compensation, and administrative fees, which we collectively refer to as payroll billings. Under our HCM
business, we exclude gross employee payroll from revenues but include payroll in billings. Beginning in Fiscal 2021, we began to bill
under a staffing service model Staffing ). Staffing billings consist of payroll services billed to clients as a markup
from gross employee payroll where revenues are recognized for the amount billed (thereby inclusive of gross employee payroll). For Fiscal
2021, we processed approximately 79 million in total payroll billings and in Fiscal 2020 we processed approximately 65 million in total
payroll billings included in continuing operations. 

8 

Our Services 

Figure 3 

Our core business is to provide regular payroll
processing services to clients under either an employment administrative services EAS model (in addition to individual
services, such as payroll tax compliance, workers compensation insurance coverage related services, and employee HR compliance
management), or under a direct staffing business model, as described below. In addition, in November 2019, we launched our employee
onboarding and employee scheduling functionalities to our customers through our mobile smartphone application. 

Our core EAS, which was our primary business model
prior to Fiscal 2021 and accounted for the majority of our gross billings during the fiscal year, are typically provided to our clients
for one-year renewable terms. During Fiscal 2021, we began to transition to a direct staffing business model, pursuant to which we began
to migrate to an updated client services agreement CSA to clarify our status as the legal employer of our clients 
WSEs. Our new CSAs also typically provide for one-year renewable terms. 

We expect that our future service offerings, including
technology-based services provided through our HRIS platform, will provide for additional revenue streams and support cost reductions
for existing and future clients. We expect that our future services will be offered through a la carte pricing via customizable
online contracts under our EAS services model as well as through a direct staffing business model. Our staffing services are typically
provided to our clients under recurring revenue contracts. 

We intend to use our growth initiatives to leverage
our expansion by entering into CSAs with the SPACs we are sponsoring and the various restaurant brands that we are working to launch through
ShiftPixy Labs. As such, these growth initiatives are expected to increase our core staffing services billings, revenues, gross profit,
and operating leverage. Further, the new Gig Economy has given rise to controversy regarding the classification of many workers as independent
contractors , rather than traditional employees, while the rising trend of predictive scheduling creates logistical issues for our
clients management of their workers schedules. We provide solutions to businesses struggling with these compliance issues
primarily by absorbing our clients workers, whom we refer to as WSEs (as well as shift workers, shifters, 
 gig workers, or assigned employees ). WSEs are included under our corporate employee umbrella as traditional
employees who receive W-2s and are entitled to participate in a full array of benefits that we provide as part of our services for our
clients. This arrangement benefits WSEs by providing additional work opportunities through access to our clients. WSEs further benefit
from employee status and access to benefits through our plan offerings, including minimum essential health insurance coverage and 401(k) plans,
as well as workers compensation coverage. 

9 

Technological Solution 

At
 the heart of our solution is a secure, cloud-based HRIS platform accessible by a desktop or mobile device through which our WSEs
 can onboard in an speedy, efficient and paperless manner, and then find available shift work at our client locations. We believe
 that this solution addresses effectively the dual issues of assisting WSEs seeking additional work and clients looking to fill open
 shifts. We believe that the easy to use onboarding functionality embedded in our HRIS platform will increase our pool of WSEs and
 provide a deep bench of worker talent for our business clients. The onboarding feature of our software enables us to capture all
 application process related data regarding our assigned employees and to introduce employees to and integrate them into the ShiftPixy
 Ecosystem (as described below). The mobile application features a chatbot that leverages artificial intelligence to aid in
 gathering the data from workers via a series of questions designed to capture all required information, including customer specific
 and governmental information. Final onboarding steps requiring signatures can also be prepared from the HRIS onboarding module. 
 
 Figure
 4 

Our HRIS platform consists of a closed proprietary
operating and processing information system that provides a tool for businesses needing staffing flexibility to schedule existing employees
and to post open schedule slots to be filled by an available pool of shift workers (the ShiftPixy Ecosystem ). The ShiftPixy
Ecosystem provides the following benefits for our clients: 

1. Compliance:
 While our clients retain responsibility for compliance with labor and employment
 laws to the extent that such compliance depends upon their exclusive control over the worksite,
 we assume responsibility for a substantial portion of our clients wage and hour regulatory
 obligations through our role as legal employer of the WSEs. The ShiftPixy Ecosystem allows
 us to assist our clients in fulfilling their compliance obligations by providing a qualified
 pool of potential applicants as shift workers who are our legal employees. This serves to
 lessen the regulatory and compliance burden on our clients management, allowing them
 to focus more on the management of their business and less on legal issues. 

2. 
 Improved
 staffing fulfillment, recruiting, and retention : We believe that utilization of our
 HRIS platform reduces the impact of high WSE turnover, which is a consistent problem across the markets we serve. A significant issue
 at the end of Fiscal 2021 was the limited availability of WSEs in a tight labor market. Our platform provides an attractive
 avenue for pre-screened WSE applicants to find permanent positions that meet their needs through access to the ShiftPixy Ecosystem,
 which we believe results in a deeper potential labor pool for our clients to address their human capital needs. We also can function
 as a flex employer for WSEs who may be working full or part-time for other employers but want to have an additional
 source of income. 

3. Cost
 Savings: The payroll and related costs associated with WSEs such as workers 
 compensation and benefits are consolidated and charged, in effect, in conjunction with the
 shifters applicable rates of pay, allowing our clients to fund the employment related
 costs as the services are incurred, thereby avoiding various lump sum employment-related
 costs. We believe that our clients typically experience reductions in overhead costs related
 to HR compliance, payroll processing, WSE turnover and related costs, and elimination of
 non-compliance fines and related penalties, although the amount of cost savings realized
 varies from client to client. We exploit economies of scale in purchasing employer related
 solutions such as workers compensation and other benefits, which allows us to provide
 human capital services at a lower cost than we believe most businesses otherwise can typically
 staff a particular position. 

4. Improved
 human capital management : Through access to our HRIS platform and our pool of human
 capital, our clients can scale up or down more rapidly, making it easier for them to contain
 and manage operational costs. We charge a fixed percentage on wages that allows our clients
 to budget and plan more accurately and efficiently without worrying about missteps arising
 from a wide-range of legal and compliance issues for which we assume responsibility. 

10 

During Fiscal 2019, we added a scheduling component
to our application that enables our clients to schedule workers and to identify shift gaps that need to be filled. We use artificial
intelligence AI to maintain schedules and fulfillment, using an active methodology to engage and move people to action.
Included in this scheduling component is our shift intermediation functionality, which is designed to enable our WSEs to
receive information and accept available shift work opportunities at multiple worksite locations. Our embedded AI is designed to monitor
and accelerate the matching of WSEs with gig work opportunities. Our system monitors the capabilities of each WSE based on their work
experience, needs, and training and provides messaging to clients and WSEs. The system matches worker requirements such as hours, position,
and pay rate with client requirements such as experience, pay offered, hours offered and both employee and employer ratings. Similar
to the way gig drivers are matched with gig riders through a smartphone app, our gig client opportunities are matched with WSEs for improved
open job fulfillment. We believe this job fulfillment automation, using our HRIS platform, provides real-time human capital information
to our clients and is a significant product differentiation feature. We continued our customer testing efforts and rollout during Fiscal
2020 and added significant functionality to our HRIS platform through Fiscal 2021, including: (i) scheduling and time and attendance
components; (ii) a white label customer ordering application geared to Quick Service Restaurants QSRs );
and (iii) customer loyalty tracking and remarketing capabilities. 

Our goal is to have a mature and robust hosted
cloud-based HRIS platform coupled with a seamless and technically sophisticated mobile smartphone application that will act as both a
revenue generation system as well as a viral client acquisition engine through the combination of the scheduling, delivery,
and intermediation features and interactions. We believe that once a critical mass of clients and WSEs is achieved, more shift opportunities
will be created in the industries we serve. Our approach to achieving this critical mass is currently focused on our sponsorship of various
SPACs, as discussed below, and supporting their efforts to build a staffing footprint in the areas they serve. We believe that our ability
to enter into CSAs with the SPACs, as well as the various restaurant brands being developed under the rubric of ShiftPixy Labs upon their
successful launch, will dramatically increase the reach and effectiveness of the services we provide. 

We expect these initiatives to be key drivers
in supplying a significant number of WSEs across a national footprint and achieving the critical mass necessary for our technology to
flourish. The development and integration of these vertical markets as well as the configurations needed for bulk onboarding of WSEs
was the primary focus of our technical team during Fiscal 2021. 

COVID-19 Pandemic Impact 

The COVID-19 pandemic has provided both business
setbacks and business opportunities. Our growth trajectory was muted by the economic impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our core business
clients, primarily restaurants and nurse staffing organizations supplying health services not related to COVID-19. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly impacted
and delayed our expected growth, which we saw initially through a decrease in our billed customers and WSEs beginning in mid-March 2020,
when the State of California first implemented lockdown measures. Substantially all of our billed WSEs as of February 29,
2020 worked for clients located in Southern California, and were primarily in the QSR industry. Many of these clients were required to
furlough or lay off employees or, in some cases, completely shutter their operations. For our clients serviced prior to the March 2020
pandemic lockdown, we experienced an approximate 30 reduction in business levels within six weeks after the first lockdown commenced.
Early in the pandemic, the combination of our sales efforts and the tools that our services provide to businesses impacted by the COVID-19
pandemic resulted in additional business opportunities for new client location additions, as did the fact that many of our clients received
Payroll Protection Plan loans PPP Loans under the CARES Act, which supported their businesses and payroll payments during
in-store lockdowns. Nevertheless, during the quarter ended May 31, 2020, our WSE billings per client location decreased as many
of our clients were forced to cease operations or reduce staffing. On July 13, 2020, the Governor of the State of California re-implemented
certain COVID-19 related lockdown restrictions in most of the counties in the state, including those located in Southern California where
most of our clients were located. The mercurial nature of the pandemic led to recurring lockdowns through the issuance of additional
orders by state and county health authorities that yielded uneven patterns of business openings and closings throughout our clients 
markets, which also experienced significant lockdowns beginning in late November 2020 and through the year-end holiday season as
a spike in COVID-19 cases was observed. 

The negative impact of these lockdowns on our
business and operations continued through our third quarter of Fiscal 2021 in a see-saw pattern, with some improvement observed after
the removal of many restrictions in California and elsewhere from March through June 2021, only to be followed by the reimplementation
of restrictions in the face of the pandemic resurgence fueled by the spread of the Delta variant of the virus. While the availability
of PPP Loans to our clients mitigated the negative impact on our business during the initial stages of the pandemic, we believe that
the failure of the government to renew this program exacerbated the deleterious impact of subsequent restrictions and lockdowns on our
financial results for Fiscal 2021. We have observed, however, some degree of business recovery as these lockdowns have relaxed and vaccination
efforts have accelerated. We believe that, to the extent that COVID-19 infection rates continue to decrease, and vaccination rates increase,
governmental authorities will continue to remove restrictions, which will fuel our clients business recoveries. 

11 

We have also experienced increases in our workers 
compensation reserve requirements, and we expect additional workers compensation claims to be made by furloughed employees. We
also expect additional workers compensation claims to be made by WSEs required to work by their employers during the COVID-19
pandemic. On May 4, 2020, the State of California indicated that workers who became ill with COVID-19 would have a potential claim
against workers compensation insurance for their illnesses. These additional claims, to the extent they materialize, could have
a material impact on our workers compensation liability estimates. 

Opportunity 

Shortly after the beginning of the pandemic,
once it became clear that the business interruption would be prolonged and more extensive than originally contemplated, our management
team began to make adaptations to our business strategy to capitalize on the pandemic related disruptions and what we believed to be
the opportunities that would arise during a recovery. We realized that the COVID-19 pandemic created an employment shock that required
a revised strategy and opened up opportunities to capitalize on a disrupted market. Our growth initiatives were created out of the changes
underway in the early part of the pandemic and included new go-to-market strategies, new financing options, and new business lines. 

We see our opportunities to be multi-faceted.
Our business strategy is to monetize our HRIS platform within observed and expected disruptions to the human capital market. We have
designed our customer engagement to be agile in meeting the needs of a disrupted workforce and a rapidly changing work environment. The
Company was founded, in part, with the goal to be properly positioned with a valuable service offering for the human capital marketplace
and thereby ready to capitalize on the next wave of disruption. 

According to an article from Forbes dated August 12,
2021 Will the Gig Economy Become The New Working-Class Norm? ), the gig economy experienced 33 growth in Calendar
2020 and is expanding much faster than the U.S. economy as a whole. It is estimated that approximately 1.1 billion on-demand gig workers
exist worldwide, with two million new gig workers emerging in the United States in Calendar 2020 alone, resulting in an estimated 35 
of U.S. workers currently being involved in the on-demand gig economy. Business data platform Statista predicts that, by 2027, approximately
50 of the U.S. population will have engaged in gig work. Our business strategy is geared toward attracting clients to our technology
who are most likely to rely on this population of part-time, tech savvy WSEs to power their businesses. 

We have observed the following pattern in the development of the gig
economy over the past fifteen years: 

Figure 5 

12 

Each economic crisis creates chaos and disruption
along with significant opportunities once recovery ensues. Our veteran management team has observed and learned from the technological
and economic trends of the past 25 years, along with the resultant changes to the human capital markets, including the dot.com bubble,
post 9/11 economic shocks, and the two more recent financial crises: the 2008 Great Recession and the 2020 COVID-19 crisis.
We observed the creation of an entirely new approach to part time gig work after the 2008 economic crisis with the rise
of companies that eschewed the traditional employer-employee relationship in favor of an independent contractor model,
and which primarily focused on driver and delivery services. The resultant employment opportunities typically produced lower paying jobs
that required a lower level of skill and expertise, and often deprived workers of health and welfare benefits that are typical, and often
required, in the traditional employer-employee relationship. We call these early gig worker companies, like Uber and Postmates, Legacy
Gig companies, which emerged in large numbers after the Great Recession. These companies experienced significant growth within
five years of the 2008 crisis by capitalizing on a combination of factors, including the economic recovery itself, the companies 
ability to find a technological solution for the desire of the workforce to find more flexible work options, and the growing proliferation
and sophistication of mobile smartphones. While these Legacy Gig providers have enjoyed great success, they are now facing significant
pushback from regulatory authorities from their decision to embrace the independent contractor business model, which is under attack
as a means of depriving employees of significant benefits and protections while evading traditional employer tax obligations. 

The lessons learned from the Legacy Gig providers
and the demographic shifts underpinning their success gave rise to the founding of ShiftPixy. In 2015, our founders evaluated the Legacy
Gig businesses and believed that there was a need in the marketplace for a lower wage gig service provider to treat its
workers as employees, with all of the traditional benefits and protections that employees have historically enjoyed, while also providing
the flexibility that is the hallmark of the gig economy. The ShiftPixy Ecosystem and our HRIS platform were designed and continue to
be enhanced with this goal in mind. The launch of ShiftPixy in 2015 coincided with the widespread adoption of smartphones throughout
the population, making the marriage of WSEs and business on a distributed network on a grand scale possible. 

Our business plan at inception was premised upon
our belief that gig workers would eventually migrate away from an independent contractor to a more traditional employee/employer relationship
that nonetheless provides the range of flexibility and choice commonly desired by workers in the gig economy. We also recognized a gap
in the marketplace where traditional HR service providers were not providing a comprehensive services suite for gig workers on a level
comparable to that typically provided to higher wage or salaried employees. We also came to recognize the likelihood that governmental
regulators and tax authorities would ultimately object to the prevalent use of independent contractors by private businesses as a means
to avoid paying certain taxes and avoid providing traditional employment benefits to their workers, and we believe that recent actions
by federal, state and local governments have proved our predictions to be accurate. Therefore, as our business plan has evolved, we have
avoided an independent contractor model, which we do not believe to be sustainable, in favor of a staffing model through which we employ
our clients WSEs and provide them with a full range of traditional benefits. 

Figure 6 

13 

More recently, there have been significant workplace
shocks due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Increasingly and as is well documented in news media, those companies employing lower wage employees
are experiencing significantly increased employee turnover and higher recruiting costs. We believe that the broader employment marketplace
is undergoing a fundamental shift towards a new Future Gig workplace and further believe that ShiftPixy is well positioned
to capitalize on the combination of a near term economic recovery and the longer-term demographic shift of younger and lower paid workers
to a temporary and flexible work environment, as was seen with the early gig service provider business models. The financial markets
have already recognized this opportunity in the growth and high value of companies focusing on the higher end salary or contract employment
for professionals or creative personnel (as contractors and employees) and lower pay scale workers (as contractors) as well as significant
investment in third party delivery. We believe that our commitment to a full employment staffing model, through which our WSEs are provided
with a range of traditional employment benefits, uniquely positions us to attract Future Gig workers to our HRIS platform and the ShiftPixy
Ecosystem. 

Third party delivery constitutes an important
part of our overall strategy to supply our clients with highly qualified WSEs at an affordable price while allowing them to regain control
over their brands. Throughout the pandemic, many of our clients were forced to cede control over their brands to large third-party delivery
services such as Postmates and UberEats to ensure their survival. The result was not only a dissipation of profits, but also a loss of
control over the delivery experience and, in many cases, a decline in customer loyalty and goodwill. We believe that QSRs require more
control over the delivery experience to ensure their future success which, in turn, requires more flexibility that can only be achieved
through digital engagement. Our technology platform is designed with this goal in mind, focusing on real-time business intelligence for
human capital while also providing additional key data capture that is critical to QSR success. 

We also have observed the substantial investment
that has been made in ghost kitchens, which is causing significant changes to the restaurant industry. Ghost kitchens,
or cooking facilities that produce food only for delivery with no dine-in or customer facing areas, could create a 1 trillion global
opportunity by 2030, according to a Euromonitor virtual webinar presented by Euromonitor s Global Food and Beverage Lead Michael
Schaefer. The firm predicts cheaper, faster and more reliable delivery could help this segment capture 50 of drive-thru service 75
billion), 50 of takeaway foodservice 250 billion), 35 of ready meals 40 billion), 30 of packaged cooking ingredients 100 billion),
25 of dine-in foodservice 450 billion), and 15 of packaged snacks 125 billion). We believe that our existing relationships with
QSRs provide us with unique insight into the vulnerabilities and opportunities created by this third party consumer disruption, and the
primary work of ShiftPixy Labs is devoted to maximizing the monetization of this disruption through the creation and optimization of
new vertical markets and opportunities, with the goal of creating additional shareholder value. 

We believe that the combination of these demographic
shifts, marketplace upheaval, and the COVID-19 pandemic s impact on how workers find work and employers seek WSEs creates a multitude
of opportunities for companies like ShiftPixy. We anticipate that a second generation of gig employment companies that are utilizing
lower wage employees will experience rapid growth within three years following the end of the COVID-19 economic crisis. We also believe
that the innovations occurring within the restaurant industry will dramatically change the way restaurants operate. We have designed
our business strategy to this end and believe that our HRIS platform is well positioned for the rapid growth that we expect as we meet
these changes within the marketplaces we serve. 

Markets and Marketing 

Overview 

Our products and services are designed primarily
to help small and medium sized businesses thrive in the gig economy by providing a cost-effective, legally compliant means to fulfill
their staffing needs. As noted above, the worldwide trend toward a gig economy has been fueled largely by the widespread adoption of
smartphones, which provide the technological means for remote office workers to move away from the traditional centralized workplace.
Indeed, according to a March 2021 Statista article, over 95 of 18 to 30 year-old workers use a smartphone. This, in turn, has
led to a significant disruption of the traditional employer-employee relationship, with supply management firm Ardent Partners reporting
as far back as 2016 that nearly 42 of the world s total workforce was considered non-employee , which includes temporary
staff, gig workers, freelancers, and independent contractors. 

We have designed our mobile application to take
full advantage of this fundamental shift to the gig economy, which has been fueled by the near universal adoption of smartphones. Our
initial marketing efforts focused on small and medium sized businesses struggling to find and maintain workers in the gig economy. In
particular, we have targeted the restaurant and hospitality industries, which are characterized by high turnover and often use independent
contractors to perform less than full-time gig engagements, primarily in the form of shift work. A significant problem for these businesses,
along with many others in a wide variety of industries, involves compliance with employment related regulations imposed by federal, state
and local governments. Requirements associated with workers compensation insurance, and other traditional employment compliance
issues, including the employer mandate provisions of the ACA, create compliance challenges and increased costs. The compliance challenges
are often complicated by workaround solutions to which many employers resort to avoid characterizing employees as full-time 
in an often futile attempt to avoid fines and penalties. 

14 

We believe that our services and HRIS platform
provide a cost-effective, fully compliant solution for small businesses facing increasingly complex regulations and related litigation
governing the classification and use of independent contractors. Recently in California, where most of our WSEs currently reside, legislation
was passed that defines gig workers employed by Legacy Gig companies such as Lyft and Uber as employees rather than independent contractors,
which we believe was a direct governmental response to a considerable loss of tax revenue derived from categorizing these WSEs as independent
contractors. In November 2020, California voters passed Proposition 22, which nominally had the effect of repealing this legislation
and restoring independent contractor status with respect to app-based drivers. Nevertheless, Proposition 22 also instituted
various labor and wage policies that are specific to app-based drivers and their employers that do not apply to other independent contractors,
including: (i) minimum wage requirements; (ii) working hours limitations; (iii) requiring companies to pay healthcare
subsidies under certain circumstances; and (iv) requiring companies to provide or make available occupational accident insurance
and accidental death insurance to their app-based drivers. We believe that there is an increasing likelihood that other states and municipalities
will impose similar mandates in the near future, which will likely include, at a minimum, wage and benefit provisions similar to those
guaranteed by Proposition 22. 

Figure 7 

Source: 11 th Annual State of Independence in America, Data
Highlights Preview | August 2021 MBO Partners 

Prior Focus and Marketing Efforts 

Our business model provides a solution to this
likely regulatory change by absorbing workers for these types of gig economy companies as our employees, significantly limiting the risk
of litigation, fines and other related issues. Our early market focus was on the food service and hospitality industries, based primarily
upon our understanding of the issues and challenges facing QSRs. Some of the key features incorporated in our mobile smartphone application
to address these challenges include: (i) scheduling and intermediation functionality, which is designed to enhance the client s
experience through easy WSE scheduling and reducing turnover impact, and (ii) delivery functionality, which is designed to increase
revenues through in house delivery fulfillment, thereby reducing delivery costs while creating a better customer experience
and elevated engagement. 

15 

One of the most recent significant developments
in the food and hospitality industry has been the rapid rise of third party restaurant delivery Legacy Gig providers such as Uber Eats TM ,
GrubHub TM , and DoorDash TM . These providers have facilitated an increase in QSR sales in many local markets by providing
food delivery to a wide-scale audience using independent contractor delivery drivers. Nevertheless, we have observed two significant
issues negatively impacting our clients as a result of their increased reliance upon third party delivery providers that have been widely
reported. The first issue is the large revenue share typically being paid to third-party delivery providers as delivery fees. These additional
costs erode QSR profits that would otherwise be generated by additional sales made through the delivery channel. The second issue is
that our QSR clients have encountered logistical problems with food deliveries, including late deliveries, cold food, missing accessories,
and unfriendly delivery people. This has caused significant brand erosion , causing these clients to reconsider third-party
delivery. 

While some larger chain restaurants have mitigated
these additional costs and risks by moving to either a centralized food fulfillment center (commissary) or a ghost kitchen
solution for their third party delivery system, our clients typically lack the resources to follow this example. Our ShiftPixy Labs growth
initiative, (described in more detail, below), focuses on addressing this issue for these smaller QSR operators through the use of our
technology. Our HRIS platform allows our QSR clients to manage food deliveries in a cost-effective manner by using their own WSEs, (for
whom we serve as the legal employer), through a customized white label mobile application. Our delivery feature links this
 white label delivery ordering system to our delivery solution, thereby freeing our clients to showcase their brands throughout
the mobile ordering process while retaining back-office delivery functionality on a par with that offered by the Legacy Gig providers,
including scheduling, ordering, and delivery status pushed to a customer s smart phone. The first development phase of this aspect
of our platform focused on driver onboarding functionality, which we completed during our fiscal year ended August 31, 2019 Fiscal
2019 ). Additional features currently under development or already implemented allow us to micro meter the essential
commercial insurance coverages required by our operator clients on a delivery-by-delivery basis (workers compensation and auto
coverages), thereby overcoming a significant obstacle encountered by QSRs seeking to provide their own delivery services without relying
on a Legacy Gig provider. 

Our technology platform and approach to human
capital management also provides a unique window into the daily demands of QSR operators, giving us the ability to extend our technology
and engagement to optimize this self-delivery proposition. We expect our most recent enhancements to our driver management layer for
operators in the ShiftPixy Ecosystem to allow our clients to use their own team members to control the delivery process from start to
finish, yielding a more positive customer experience. We believe that our mobile application already provides the HR compliance, management
and insurance solutions necessary to support a delivery option and create a turnkey self-delivery opportunity for the individual QSR
operator. 

The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our marketing
efforts, along with its broader impact on the gig economy, appears to be mixed. According to a recent report issued by AppJobs through
its Future Work Institute, the pandemic has fueled an increase in global demand for remote services such as delivery, online surveys
and market research, while the demand for positions requiring entry into the home, such as house-sitting, babysitting and cleaning, has
declined by 36 . Our experience with the bulk of our clients during the height of the pandemic largely confirms this research. Specifically,
we observed a significant decline in our food and hospitality billed WSEs located in our Southern California markets during mid-March 2020,
which coincided with the shutdown of many of our QSR clients dining locations. We began to experience some recovery in early May 2020,
as various lockdown measures were relaxed and many restaurant operators created work-around solutions to new health and
safety regulations, including improved takeout and delivery, as well as limited in-person dining. The reimplementation of lockdowns from
November 2020 through February 2021 negatively impacted our WSE billings, although this was tempered somewhat by the receipt
of COVID-19 related government payments such as the PPP Loan program. As of August 31, 2021, we still have not seen full recovery
and it is clear to us that the commercial landscape in the restaurant industry has moved towards an increase in restaurant delivered
meals compared to in-person dining. Our ShiftPixy Labs initiative is largely designed to address this shift in demand. 

We believe that our HRIS platform provides long-term
benefits to our clients that will outlast the COVID-19 pandemic. We do not believe that the post-pandemic employment environment will
decrease the migration of workers towards a gig economy, and we expect that the demand for services that match those workers with gig
opportunities will continue to increase. 

16 

Figure 8 

Market expansion 

We view our ability to capture and utilize information
pertaining to our target demographic to be integral to our future expansion and revenue growth. Although our clients were principally
concentrated in Southern California as of the end of Fiscal 2021, we believe that our ShiftPixy Labs initiatives and our SPAC sponsorship
activities have the potential, if successful, to result in the addition of a significant number of WSEs to the ShiftPixy ecosystem, covering
a truly national footprint. Our current technology efforts are devoted to ensuring that our HRIS platform has the capacity to take full
advantage of this projected future growth, which we believe is likely to result from the following factors: 

1. Large
 Potential Markets. 

Restaurant
and Hospitality: Current statistics show that there are over 15.1 million WSEs in the restaurant and hospitality industries
 representing over 300 billion of annual revenues who are overwhelmingly working on a part-time basis. At our current
monetization rate per WSE, this represents an annual gig economy revenue opportunity of over 9 billion per year for the United States.
We believe that our ShiftPixy Labs initiative will position us to take full advantage of growth opportunities within this industry segment. 

17 

Light
Industrial Staffing : We project a target market approximating annual revenues 35 billion in North America derived from
light industrial staffing, approximately 50 of which is currently consolidated in ten larger companies, with the remainder divided amongst
a multitude of smaller, regional entities. We believe that if our sponsored SPAC, Industrial Human Capital, Inc. (NYSE:AXH/U) IHC ), is successful in completing its initial business combination and implementing its business plan, then it will be
a significant player in the light industrial staffing space with a nationwide footprint. We further believe that, if we are successful
in entering into one or more CSAs with IHC, the resulting relationship will provide a nationwide outlet for our HRIS platform that will
extend our geographic footprint dramatically, which in turn should result in significant increases to our revenues and earnings. 

Other
Industries: Our present intention is to expand both our geographic footprint and our service offerings into other industries
as well, particularly where part-time work is a significant component of the applicable labor force, including the retail, healthcare
and technology sectors. We believe that our SPAC sponsorship activities, if successful, will facilitate these efforts. 

2. Rapid
 Rise of Independent Workers. According to a recent study by Statista, the number
 of independent workers in the United States continues to increase significantly, regardless
 of the frequency of work. During Calendar 2021, there were approximately 23.9 million occasional
 independent workers in the United States, representing an increase from 12.9 million occasional
 independent workers estimated in Calendar 2017 . We
 do not expect this shift to independent workers to change materially as a result of the COVID-19
 pandemic. 

3. Technology
 Affecting Attitudes towards Employment Related Engagements. Gig economy platforms
 have changed the way that part-time and non-traditional WSEs identify and connect to work
 opportunities through the use of smartphone technology. Many demographic groups, including
 millennials, have embraced this technology as a means to secure short-term employment related
 engagements, as evidenced by the widespread adoption of smartphones. We believe that this
 demographic trend represents the last mile enabling technology solutions such
 as ours to provide superior worker engagement in the gig economy. 

4. Our
 Mobile Application is Designed to Provide Additional Benefits to Employers and Shift Workers.
 Millennials represent approximately 40 of the independent workforce who are over
 the age of 21 and who work 15 hours or more each week. Mindful that we anticipate most of
 our shifters will be millennials who connect with the outside world primarily through a mobile
 device, we are poised to significantly expand our business through our mobile application.
 Our mobile application is a proprietary application downloaded to mobile devices, allowing
 our shifters to access shift work opportunities at all of our clients, not just their current
 restaurant or hospitality provider. Our intermediation feature, which we anticipate being
 widely available in the near future, will also allow WSEs to access opportunities across
 our entire client platform. 

Figure 9 

18 

Growth Initiatives 

Our recent growth initiatives incorporate lessons
learned from the COVID-19 pandemic, and are designed to utilize our technology in a manner that maximizes growth and profitability. The
ultimate success of our business model depends upon the entry of significant numbers of WSEs into the ShiftPixy Ecosystem through placement
on our HRIS platform. The effectiveness of this platform however, depends upon substantial cash flows to support our existing operating
structure and ensure that our technology is sufficiently advanced to support our business model. 

As our client acquisitions slowed during the
height of the pandemic in Calendar 2020, we began to re-evaluate our customer acquisition and revenue growth strategies and to identify
opportunities arising from the pandemic disruption, which we view as similar in scale and scope to the disruption observed after the
2008 financial crisis that gave rise to the first gig economy businesses. Our response has been to pursue two complementary alternatives
to organic growth that we believe will create additional shareholder value without significant shareholder equity dilution: (i) sponsorship
of SPACs, including IHC; and (ii) development of ShiftPixy Labs. 

Sponsorship of Special Purpose Acquisition
Companies SPACs 

In early Fiscal 2021, we evaluated our growth
prospects in relation to management s experience and understanding of various segments of the staffing industry and identified
several significant trends. First, we noted that certain segments of the staffing industry were highly fragmented, characterized by small
businesses with limited access to advanced technology that could fuel substantial revenue and earnings growth. Second, we recognized
that direct access to our HRIS platform and associated technology was likely to have a material positive impact on these companies 
financial results. Third, we determined that combining a group of these companies into a combined entity could yield a superior staffing
provider with a truly national footprint, especially if it availed itself of the services offered by ShiftPixy. We also determined that
the benefits arising from consolidation and access to our technology would be even more greatly enhanced through access to workers 
compensation and other insurance products at favorable rates typically obtainable by larger entities. We also recognized that our ability
to enter into a comprehensive CSA with such a roll-up entity could fuel ShiftPixy s expansion by providing critical
mass for the ShiftPixy Ecosystem and broad access to our HRIS platform, which had the potential to generate a significant increase in
revenues and profits. After consulting with outside experts, we determined that the best way to accomplish these ends was through the
sponsorship of a series of special purpose acquisition companies, or SPACs . 

Accordingly, on April 29, 2021, we announced
our sponsorship, through our wholly-owned subsidiary, ShiftPixy Investments, Inc. Investments ), of four SPAC initial
public offerings. The registration statement and prospectus relating to the initial public offering IPO of one of these
SPACs, IHC, was declared effective by the SEC on October 19, 2021 and IHC units, consisting of one share of common stock and
an accompanying warrant to purchase one share of IHC common stock, began trading on the New York Stock Exchange on October 20, 2021. The
IHC IPO closed on October 22, 2021, raising gross proceeds for IHC of 115 million. In connection with the IPO, we purchased, through
Investments, 4,639,102 private placement warrants placement warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant, for an aggregate purchase
price of 4,639,102. IHC currently intends to use the proceeds of the IHC IPO to acquire companies in the light industrial segment of
the staffing industry, and our goal is to enter into one or more CSAs with IHC following its initial business combination IBC ).
Immediately following the IHC IPO, IHC began to evaluate acquisition candidates. IHC s goal is to complete its IBC within one
year of the IHC IPO. 

We currently anticipate that two of our remaining
sponsored SPACs, Vital Human Capital, Inc. Vital ), and TechStackery, Inc. TechStackery ), will
seek to raise approximately 100 million each in capital investment to acquire companies in the healthcare and technology segments of
the staffing industry, respectively. We expect that our other remaining sponsored SPAC, Firemark Global Capital, Inc. Firemark ),
will seek to raise approximately 100 million in capital investment to acquire one or more insurance entities to provide workers 
compensation and related insurance products. We currently own, through Investments, approximately 15 of the issued and outstanding stock
of IHC, and we expect to own approximately 15 of each of the other SPACs upon the consummation of the SPAC IPOs. Assuming that the IPOs
of each of the remaining SPACs are consummated pursuant to the same pricing terms of the IHC IPO, we expect to invest, through Investments,
an aggregate amount of 17,531,408 in the SPACs (or up to 18,656,408 if the over-allotment option of each SPAC is exercised in full)
through the purchase of placement warrants in addition to our initial 25,000 investment for the purchase of our founder shares in each
SPAC. These investment amounts set forth above do not include loans that we may extend to each SPAC in an amount not to exceed 500,000
individually, (or 2 million in the aggregate), in our role as sponsor for the purpose of funding various organizational expenses of the
SPACs. 

We expect each SPAC to operate as a separately
managed, publicly traded entity following the completion of their respective IBCs, or De-SPAC . We anticipate entering into
service agreements with each of the staffing entities that will allow them to participate in our HRIS platform. We also expect to facilitate
the procurement of workers compensation, personal liability, and other similar insurance products for these staffing entities
through our anticipated relationship with Firemark, assuming that it is able to consummate its IPO and complete the De-SPAC process successfully. 

19 

We believe that our sponsorships of the SPACs
focusing upon IBCs within the staffing industry have the potential to generate significant revenues and earnings for us, while also supporting
a favorable business model for these SPACs. Similarly, we believe that Firemark has the potential to benefit from a relationship with
us through both business referrals and licensed access to our technology, which should provide the means to expand its business in a
profitable manner if and when it becomes operational. 

ShiftPixy Labs 

On July 29, 2020, we announced the launch
of ShiftPixy Labs, which includes the development of ghost kitchens in conjunction with our wholly-owned subsidiary, ShiftPixy Ghost
Kitchens, Inc. Through this initiative, we intend to bring various food delivery concepts to market that will combine with our HRIS
platform to create an easily replicated, comprehensive food preparation and delivery solution. The initial phase of this initiative is
being implemented in our dedicated showcase kitchen facility located in close proximity to our Miami headquarters, which we are already
showcasing through the distribution of video programming on social media produced and distributed by our wholly owned subsidiary, ShiftPixy
Productions, Inc. If successful, we intend to replicate this initiative in similarly constructed facilities throughout the United
States and in selected international locations. We also intend to provide similar services via mobile kitchen concepts, all of which
will be heavily reliant on our HRIS platform and which we believe will capitalize on trends observed during the COVID-19 pandemic toward
providing customers with a higher quality prepared food delivery product that is more responsive to their needs. 

The idea of ShiftPixy Labs originated from discussions
with our restaurant clients, combined with our observations of industry trends that appear to have accelerated during the pandemic. Beginning
in Calendar 2020, we recognized a significant uptick in the use of mobile applications to order take-out food either for individual pickup
or third-party delivery, which grew even more dramatically as the pandemic took hold. Not surprisingly, the establishment of fulfillment
kitchens for third party delivery also spread rapidly during this time period, initially among national fast food franchise chains but
then among smaller QSRs. 

The migration towards a ghost kitchen delivery
solution appears to have followed a two-step process. Initially, the increased demand for third party delivery allowed restaurants to
utilize existing physical locations that would otherwise have been closed due to COVID-19 lockdowns and restrictions. This evolved into
the deployment of centralized ghost kitchen facilities by certain early adopter companies once they observed a critical
mass of order flow. This more centralized fulfillment option results in more economical bulk purchasing, reduced food spoilage, lower
overhead, and better and more automated order completion flow. These improved economies of scale typically translate to significant cost
reductions to operators compared to the traditional in-person restaurant locations, typically located in more expensive
real estate locations. 

We believe that the restaurant industry is in
the midst of a food fulfillment paradigm shift that will ultimately result in the widespread use of ghost kitchens in a
shared environment. Similar to shared office work locations, a shared kitchen can provide significant cost efficiencies and savings compared
to the cost of operating multiple retail restaurant locations. Coupled with ShiftPixy s technology stack, which includes order
delivery and dispatch, we believe that the ghost kitchen solutions that emerge from ShiftPixy Labs will provide a robust and effective
delivery order fulfillment option for our clients. 

We have also observed the growing impact of social
media platforms over the past five years, a trend which has accelerated through the pandemic. As this trend has gained steam, many social
media influencers have successfully capitalized on their popularity by establishing new business concepts in a variety of industries,
including within the QSR space. Some of these restaurants are identified as virtual restaurants with delivery-only service
fulfilled by centralized ghost kitchens. We intend to capitalize on this trend by creating an extensive social media presence for ShiftPixy
Labs. 

Many restaurant entrepreneurs have also become
successful during the pandemic by moving outside through the use of mobile food trucks, which can be used as a launching point for restaurants
and ultimately expanded to traditional indoor dining locations. We have researched this phenomenon and, coupled with our experience in
the restaurant industry, believe a significant business opportunity exists to assist with the fulfillment of new restaurant ideas and
rapidly expand those ideas across a broad geographic footprint utilizing centralized ghost kitchen fulfillment centers. Again, we believe
that ShiftPixy Labs will provide solutions that will facilitate the rapid growth of these new businesses, through a combination of centralized
ghost kitchens and an available pool of human capital resources provided through our HRIS platform, as well as through other business
assistance provided by our management team. 

During Fiscal 2020, we established an industrial
facility in Miami that we expect to be fully completed and operational shortly. We are equipping this facility with ten standardized
kitchen stations in both single and double kitchen configurations built within standard cargo container shells. We expect this facility,
upon completion, to function as a state of the art ghost kitchen space that will be used to incubate restaurant ideas through collaboration
and partnerships with local innovative chefs, resulting in sound businesses that provide recurring revenue to ShiftPixy in a variety
of ways, both through direct sales and utilization of the ShiftPixy Ecosystem, HRIS platform, and other human capital services. To the
extent that this business model is successful and can be replicated in other locations, it has the potential to contribute significant
revenue to ShiftPixy in the future. 

20 

We may also take equity stakes in various branded
restaurants that we develop and operate with our partners through ShiftPixy Labs. Such ownership interests will be held to the extent
that it is consistent with our continued existence as an operating company, and to the extent that we believe such ownership interests
have the potential to create significant value for our shareholders. 

Competition 

We have two primary sources of competition. Competitors
to our gig business model include businesses such as Upworks, ShiftGig, Instawork, Snag, Jobletics and other comparable businesses
that seek to arrange short-term work assignments for both employees and independent contractors. Competitors to our HRIS platform include
businesses such as True Blue, Inc., Kelly Services, ManpowerGroup, and Barrett Business Services, which provide human resource software
solutions. 

We believe our service offerings compete effectively
based on our strategy of combining an ecosystem of employment services with the individualized ability to link trained workers to specific
shift-work opportunities and by providing additional work opportunities, as well as facilitating procurement of low-cost workers 
compensation insurance for our clients. 

Governmental Regulation 

Our business operates in an environment that
is affected by numerous and complex federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to labor and employment matters, benefit plans
and income and employment taxes. Further, many jurisdictions have adopted laws or regulations regarding the licensure, registration or
certifications of organizations that engage in co-employer relationships. While we do not believe that our business model generally falls
within the co-employer framework, it is possible that we could become subject to such laws and regulations if we are deemed to have entered
into such relationships with regard to employees providing services in the jurisdictions where such laws and regulations apply. 

Additionally, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, government
agencies have declared a state of emergency in the U.S., and some have restricted movement, required restaurant, bar and hotel closures,
advised people not to visit restaurants or bars, and otherwise restricted non-essential travel. In some jurisdictions, people have been
instructed to shelter in place to reduce the spread of COVID-19, in response to which restaurants have temporarily closed and have shifted
operations at others to provide only take-out and delivery service. While many of these restrictions have now been lifted, there is no
guarantee that they will not be reimposed should there be a resurgence in the virus, or as a result of some other public health emergency. 

The following summarizes what we believe are
currently the most important legal and regulatory aspects of our business: 

Federal Regulations 

Employer Status 

We sponsor certain employee benefit plan offerings
as the employer of our shift workers under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code and the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ERISA ). The multiple definitions of employer under both the Code
and ERISA are not clear and are defined in part by complex multi-factor tests under common law. We believe that we qualify as an employer 
of our shift workers under both the Code and ERISA, as well as various state regulations, but this status could be subject to challenge
by various regulators. For additional information on employer status and its impact on our business and results of operations, refer
to the section entitled Risk Factors, under the heading If we are not recognized as an employer of WSEs under federal
and state regulations, or we are deemed to be an insurance agent or third-party administrator, we and our clients could be adversely
impacted. 

Affordable Care Act and Health Care Reform 

The ACA was signed into law in March 2010.
The ACA implemented substantial health care reforms with staggered effective dates continuing through Calendar 2020, and many of its
provisions require the issuance of additional guidance from applicable federal government agencies and the states. There could be significant
changes to the ACA and health care in general, including the potential modification, amendment or repeal of the ACA. For additional information
on the ACA and its impact on our business and results of operations, refer to the section entitled Risk Factors, under
the heading, Failure to comply with, or changes in, laws and regulations applicable to our business, particularly potential changes
to the ACA, could have a materially adverse effect on our marketing plan as well as our reputation, results of operations or financial
condition, or have other adverse consequences. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 effectively eliminated the individual mandate
provisions of the ACA, beginning in 2019. 

21 

Health Insurance Portability and Accountability
Act 

Maintaining the security of information regarding
our employees is important to us as we sponsor employee benefit plans and may have access to personal health information of our employees.
The manner in which we manage protected health information (PHI) is subject to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act
of 1996 HIPAA ), and the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (the HITECH Act ).
HIPAA contains substantial restrictions and health data privacy, security and breach notification requirements with respect to the use
and disclosure of PHI. Further, under the HITECH Act there are steep penalties and fines for HIPAA violations. Our health plans are covered
entities under HIPAA, and we are therefore required to comply with HIPAA s portability, privacy, and security requirements. For
additional information regarding the information we collect, how we maintain the confidentiality of our clients and employees 
confidential information and the potential impact to our business if we fail to protect the confidentiality of such data, refer to the
section entitled Risk Factors, under the heading, We collect, use, transmit and store personal and business information
with the use of data service vendors, and a security or privacy breach may damage or disrupt our businesses, result in the disclosure
of confidential information, damage our reputation, increase our costs or cause losses. 

State Regulations 

Many states have adopted provisions for licensure,
registration, certification or other formal recognition of co-employers. Such laws vary from state to state but generally provide for
monitoring or ensuring the fiscal responsibility of a co-employer, and in some cases codify and clarify the co-employment relationship
for unemployment, workers compensation and other purposes under state laws. While we believe that our current business primarily
falls outside the scope of these laws and regulations, it is possible that regulatory authorities could determine that our activities
come under this regulatory framework to some extent. In addition, many state laws require guarantees by us of the activities of our wholly-owned
subsidiary, ReThink Human Capital Management, Inc. HCM ), and in some states we may seek licensure, registration or
certification, as applicable, together with our subsidiary, HCM, because the financials for both organizations are consolidated. We believe
that we are in compliance in all material respects with the requirements in the states where we are conducting business. 

We must also comply with state unemployment tax
requirements where our clients are located. State unemployment taxes are based on taxable wages and tax rates assigned by each state.
The tax rates vary by state and are determined, in part, based on our prior years compensation and unemployment claims experience
in each state. Certain rates are also determined, in part, by each client s own compensation and unemployment claims experience.
In addition, states have the ability under law to increase unemployment tax rates, including retroactively, to cover deficiencies in
the unemployment tax funds. 

We are also subject to Federal and state laws
and regulations regarding privacy and information security. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, (the CCPA ,
which went into effect on January 1, 2020), affords consumers expanded privacy protections, including individual rights to access,
to require deletion of personal information, to opt out of certain personal information sharing, and to receive detailed information
about how personal information is used. The CCPA also provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action
for data breaches that may increase data breach litigation. There are also a number of other pending state privacy laws that contain
similar provisions to the CCPA with which we must comply and which, in some cases, may prescribe stricter and potentially conflicting
requirements. 

Intellectual Property 

We have registered seven trademarks, consisting
of three names (ShiftPixy, ZiPixy, and ShiftPixy Labs) and four logos (the Pixy image, the Pixy wings image and wings/name logo, and
the ShiftPixy Labs logo). In addition, we have patents pending for certain features of our mobile application in the United States, Australia,
Brazil, European Union, India, Japan, Korea and Hong Kong. We have other intellectual property and related rights as well, particularly
in connection with our software. We believe that our intellectual property is of considerable importance to our business. 

Human Capital 

As of August 31, 2021, we employed 77 people
on a full-time basis in our corporate offices, and we served approximately 3,000 active, paid WSEs with an additional 38,000 inactive
WSEs included within the ShiftPixy Ecosystem through our HRIS platform. 

22 

Diversity and Inclusion 

We maintain a diverse and inclusive workforce
in our corporate offices, and we encourage our clients to embrace similar practices. Approximately 35 of our corporate employees are
women, (including, effective January 1, 2022, our recently named Chief Operating Officer, Amanda Murphy, who is a member of our
board of directors), and our Chief Marketing Officer, Amy Wang), and approximately 43 of our corporate employees are non-white. We encourage
our clients to employ the same practices that we use to ensure diversity in the workplace, which has resulted in an extremely diverse
WSE population, 79 of whom are women and 90 of whom are non-white. Our efforts include the preparation and distribution of employee
manuals internally and to our clients that fully incorporate diversity and inclusion best practices, as well as implementation of robust
training programs that we believe to be most effective in eliminating and preventing harassment, bullying and bias in the workplace. 

Workforce Compensation and Pay Equity 

We provide robust compensation and benefits programs
to help meet the needs of our corporate employees, and we also provide the means for our clients to provide similar benefits to their
WSEs, many of which have traditionally been unavailable to gig workers and others filling lower wage positions. We provide our corporate
employees with highly competitive salaries, as well a 401(k) Plan, healthcare and insurance benefits, paid time off, and family
leave. We also provide all of our corporate employees with targeted equity-based grants with vesting conditions designed to facilitate
the retention of personnel and the opportunity to benefit financially from the Company s growth and profitability. 

We also believe that adoption of the ShiftPixy
HRIS platform by our clients has had, and will continue to have, far-reaching effects in bringing pay equity to historically lower wage
positions, by harnessing the power of the internet-driven gig economy to provide WSEs the ability and freedom to find the best work opportunities
available. The cost efficiencies our clients realize though adoption of the ShiftPixy technology platform, in our opinion, provides the
means for them not only to pay higher wages, but also to provide substantial employment benefits not often available to lower wage workers
in the modern economy, including access to healthcare and insurance benefits and 401(k) Plans. 

Talent Acquisition and Retention 

We continually monitor corporate employee turnover
rates and those of our clients, as we firmly believe that our success and that of our business partners depends upon retaining highly
trained and dedicated team members. We are convinced that our philosophy of providing highly competitive compensation, along with significant
opportunities for career growth and development opportunities, encourages longer employment tenure and low levels of voluntary turnover.
Given our limited operating history and significant rate of growth, we are not currently able to produce meaningful statistics related
to corporate employee turnover and tenure on a macro level, but based on feedback we receive both informally and through periodic formal
reviews and evaluations, we believe that our relationship with our corporate employees is excellent. 

Company Culture 

We expect all of our corporate employees to observe
the highest levels of business ethics, integrity, mutual respect, tolerance, and inclusivity, and encourage our clients to demand the
same from WSEs. Our Corporate Employee Manual, and those employee manuals that we provide to our clients, set forth detailed provisions
reflecting these values, and provide direction for registering complaints, (including through an anonymous hotline jointly administered
by our General Counsel and the Chair of our Audit Committee), in the event of violations of our policies. Our executive officers and
supervisors maintain open door policies, and we encourage our clients to do the same. Any form of retaliation is strictly
prohibited. 

Development and Training 

We invest significant resources in developing
and retaining the talent needed to achieve our business goals. We maintain a relatively flat corporate organizational structure,
whereby our employees benefit from training and mentoring by individuals filling a variety of different functions within ShiftPixy, and
we encourage our clients to follow our example. We believe that this highly dynamic environment provides the hands-on training necessary
for our corporate employees and WSEs to achieve their career goals, build necessary skills, and advance within their fields. 

Oversight and Governance 

Our board of directors takes an active role in
overseeing our corporate ethics as well as the management of our human capital, which includes reviewing, approving, and implementing
policies and procedures governing the administration of the workplace, such as policies related to potential conflicts of interest, compensation,
ethics, and elimination of workplace bias and harassment. Our Director of Operations, Ms. Murphy, who is also a member of our board
of directors, (and who, effective January 1, 2022, will become our Chief Operating Officer), has been employed by the Company since its
inception, and is responsible for the day-to-day administration of these policies and procedures, receiving input and assistance from
the Company s General Counsel as necessary and appropriate. Both our Director of Operations and General Counsel regularly report
to our board of directors on issues relate to corporate oversight and governance. 

23 

Employee Engagement and Wellness 

The success of our business is fundamentally
connected to the well-being of our people. Accordingly, we are committed to the health, safety and wellness of our corporate employees,
and we encourage our clients to make this a priority for their WSEs. We provide our corporate employees, and facilitate our clients providing
WSEs with a wide range of benefits, including benefits directed to their health, safety and long-term financial security. This includes
taking whatever measures remain necessary in response to the COVID-19 pandemic that we determine to be in the best interests of our corporate
employees and our client s WSEs, as well as the communities in which we operate, and which comply with government regulations. 

Workers Compensation Insurance 

During Fiscal 2021, the Company made a strategic
decision to change its approach to securing workers compensation coverage for our clients. This was primarily due to rapidly increasing
loss development factors stemming in part from the COVID-19 pandemic. The combination of increased claims from WSEs, the inability of
WSEs to obtain employment quickly and return to work after injury claims, and increasing loss development factor rates from our insurance
and reinsurance carriers resulted in significantly larger potential loss exposures, claims payments, and additional expense accruals.
Starting on January 1, 2021, we began to migrate our clients to our new direct cost program, which we believe significantly limits
our claims exposure. Effective March 1, 2021, all of our clients had migrated to the direct cost program. 

For
Fiscal 2021, we recorded under cost of sales approximately 1.9 million of expense for claims estimate increases relating primarily to
activity for Calendar 2020. This claims estimate is the subject of ongoing litigation with our former workers compensation insurance
provider, Sunz, as described in Note 16, Contingencies , to the consolidated
financial statements accompanying this Form 10-K. We are currently re-evaluating the workers compensation liability estimates
under our legacy Sunz and Everest programs, with a primary focus on the basis for historical estimated loss development factors. 

Vensure Asset Sale Note Receivable Reconciliation 

On January 3, 2020, we entered into an asset
purchase agreement (the Vensure APA with Shiftable HR Acquisition, LLC Shiftable ), a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Vensure Employer Services, Inc. Vensure Services ). (Unless otherwise indicated, Shiftable and Vensure Services
are collectively referred to herein as Vensure ). Pursuant to the Vensure APA, we assigned to Vensure client contracts representing
approximately 88 of our quarterly revenue as of November 30, 2019, (including 100 of our existing professional employer organization PEO business as of December 31, 2019), and also transferred 1.6 million of working capital assets, including cash
balances and certain operating assets associated with the assigned client contracts, in return for gross proceeds of 19.2 million. We
received 9.7 million in cash from Vensure at the closing of the transaction, and were supposed to receive an additional 9.5 million
in equal monthly payments over the next four years, subject to various adjustments set forth in the Vensure APA. As described in more
detail below in the notes to the accompanying financial statements, (specifically, Note 5, Accounts Receivable, and Note 16, Contingencies ),
Vensure has failed to uphold its payment obligations under the Vensure APA, and the parties are now engaged in litigation regarding the
amounts owed, which is pending in the Delaware Chancery Court. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Our operations and financial results are subject
to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results
of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock. Some statements in this Form 10-K, including statements in
the following risk factors, constitute forward-looking statements. Please refer to the section entitled Cautionary Statement Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements for more information. 

24 

Summary of Material Risk Factors 

We
 have limited operating history, which makes it difficult for us to evaluate our future business
 prospects and make decisions based on those estimates of future performance. 

The
 COVID-19 pandemic, or another widespread public health epidemic, catastrophic or geopolitical
 event, might create additional liabilities, risks and exposures which could negatively impact
 our current business, growth prospects and cash flows, and future profitability. 

We
 maintain limited self-insurance for workers compensation services that we provide
 to our clients. 

There
 is no guarantee that our current cash position, expected revenue growth and anticipated financing
 transactions will be sufficient to fund our operations for the next twelve months. 

Our
 success depends on adoption of our products and services by our various types of customers. 

We
 assume the obligation to make wage, tax, and regulatory payments for WSEs, and, as a result,
 are exposed to client credit risks. 

We
 operate in an immature and rapidly evolving industry and have a relatively new business model,
 which makes it difficult to evaluate our business and prospects. We face intense competition
 across all markets for our services, which may lead to lower revenue or operating margins.
 Our targeted customer base is diverse, and we face a challenge in meeting each group s
 needs. 

Providing
 specialized Gig Economy oriented staffing management products and services is an emerging
 yet competitive business, and many of our competitors have greater resources that may enable
 them to compete more effectively. 

We
 have claims and lawsuits against us that may result in adverse outcomes. 

We
 have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. 

If
 we are unable to secure or pay for the insurance coverage required for our business operations,
 or if we lose any existing coverage, we may not be able to offer some of our services and
 our revenues could be reduced. 

We
 may be subject to penalties and interest payable on taxes as a result of data entry in our
 software or manual error. 

Our
 ability to adjust and collect service fees for increases in unemployment tax rates may be
 limited. 

Our
 sponsorship of various SPACs requires significant capital deployment, entails certain risks
 and may not be successful, which would likely have a material adverse effect on our future
 expansion, revenues, and profits. Further, certain of our officers and directors also serve
 as officers and directors of the SPACs, which could give rise to conflicts of interest. 

We
 may never successfully commercialize ShiftPixy Labs. 

We may
 have outages, data losses, and disruptions of our online services if we fail to maintain an adequate operations infrastructure. Because
 we store data in the cloud with providers such as Microsoft and Amazon, any disruptions in our ability to access this data or any
 breach of security concerning this data in the cloud could have a materially adverse effect. 

Software
 products we use in our business may contain defects which will make it more difficult for
 us to establish and maintain customers. 

If
 a contract relating to our mission critical software that we use in our business is terminated
 or not renewed, our business could be seriously disrupted and our revenues significantly
 reduced. 

We
 may not be able to protect our source code from copying in the event of an unauthorized disclosure. 

We
 intend to use open source blockchain technology in our technology platform, which has been
 scrutinized by regulatory agencies and may be impacted by unfavorable regulatory action. 

We
 use and leverage open source technology in our technology platform which may create security
 risks. 

25 

We
 depend heavily on Scott W. Absher, who is our Board Chair, Chief Executive Officer and largest
 shareholder. The loss of his services could harm our prospects, and our ability to implement
 successfully our business plan. 

If
 we are not recognized as an employer of WSEs under federal and state regulations, or we are
 deemed to be an insurance agent or third-party administrator, we and our clients could be
 adversely impacted. 

We
 are in the business of providing WSEs to our clients. As such we have been sued for claims
 resulting from action by or against our WSEs, including California Private Attorney General s
 Act claims, and are likely to be subject to such claims in the future, which may require
 significant capital to defend. 

Failure
 to comply with, or changes in, laws and regulations applicable to our business, particularly
 potential changes to the ACA, could have a materially adverse effect on our business. 

Failure
 to secure any necessary registrations or licensure could affect our ability to operate certain
 segments of our business in certain jurisdictions. 

Laws
 related to the classification of gig economy workers are changing, and we may be subject
 to state and local regulations impacting how we classify our workers. 

Our
 common stock is thinly traded, which can cause volatility in its price. If we are unable
 to continue to meet the listing requirements of Nasdaq, our common stock will be delisted. 

A controlling
 interest in our common stock is closely held by our Board Chair and CEO, Mr. Absher, which may limit minority shareholders from
 influencing corporate governance. 

We
 are an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act, and we cannot be certain
 if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make
 our common stock less attractive to investors. 

Risks Relating to Our Business 

We have limited operating history, which
makes it difficult for us to evaluate our future business prospects and make decisions based on those estimates of our future performance. 

We are an emerging business and are in the process
of developing our products and services. We have been in business since July 2015. Although our continuing business processed gross
billings of over 79 million and 66 million for Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively, it is still difficult, if not impossible,
to forecast our future results based upon our limited historical operating data. Because of the related uncertainties, we may be hindered
in our ability to anticipate and timely adapt to increases or decreases in sales, revenues or expenses. If we make poor budgetary decisions
as a result of unreliable data, our gross billings in the future may decline, which may result in a decline in our stock price. 

There is uncertainty regarding our ability to
implement our business plan and to grow our business to a greater extent than we can with our existing financial resources without additional
financing. 

Although we closed multiple public offerings
and private placements both during and shortly after the close of Fiscal 2021, we currently have no binding agreements, commitments or
understandings to secure additional financing at this time. We also have no binding agreements, commitments or understandings to acquire
any other businesses or assets aside from our financial commitments to our sponsored SPACs, as detailed below. Our long-term future growth
and success, including implementation of our growth initiatives such as SPAC sponsorships and development of ShiftPixy Labs, as described
above, are dependent not only upon our ability to generate cash from operating activities but also our ability to raise additional capital.
Nevertheless, there is no assurance that we will be able to generate sufficient cash from operations, to borrow additional funds or to
raise additional equity capital. Our inability to obtain additional cash through any of these avenues could have a material adverse effect
on our ability to fully implement our business plan as described herein and grow our business to a greater extent than we can with our
existing financial resources. 

26 

The COVID-19 pandemic might create additional
liabilities, risks and exposures that could negatively impact our current business, growth prospects and cash flows, and future profitability,
while also requiring us to increase our workers compensation reserve to protect against additional liabilities, all of which could
negatively impact our ability to raise additional capital. 

The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic are ongoing,
and our business has been significantly impacted as a result. Most of our current clients are situated in the restaurant and hospitality
business sector and concentrated in Southern California. The vast majority of these clients were negatively impacted by the lockdown
measures imposed in the State of California starting in March 2020, and continuing to some extent through much of Fiscal 2021. Although
lockdown measures were relaxed somewhat throughout Southern California during spring 2021, as the worst of the pandemic receded, new
virus variants have recently surfaced which raise the possibility of new lockdowns and restrictions throughout California and elsewhere.
As long as these directives remain in place, they are likely to negatively impact our clients businesses and operations, which,
in turn, will likely have a negative impact on our business prospects and operating results. As we expand our business into new geographic
areas, and seek to enlist clients outside of the QSR and hospitality industries, we may encounter similar financial obstacles resulting
from the spread of COVID-19 variants and resulting governmental regulations or restrictions that negatively impact these areas of business
focus. 

Further, until March 2021, our workers 
compensation policy was a self-insurance policy with a limited liability cap of 500,000. In March 2020, the Governor of the State
of California issued Executive Order N-62-20, which creates a rebuttable presumption for workers compensation claims that an employee s
COVID-19 related illness arose out of the course of their employment if (i) such infection occurred between March 19 and July 5,
2020, and (ii) the employee was diagnosed with COVID-19 or tested positive within 14 days after performing work for the employer
at a location other than the employee s home. While we have not experienced any such claims to date, our workers compensation
rates have increased significantly since the beginning of the pandemic. We have also increased our workers compensation reserve
estimates for Fiscal 2021, and we continue to closely monitor all workers compensation claims made during the COVID-19 pandemic.
While we believe that the steps we have taken are sufficient to protect against materially increased levels of workers compensation
claims related to the pandemic, there can be no guarantee that this will be the case, or that our premium collections will be sufficient
to offset our liabilities and achieve profitability should such an increase in claims materialize in the future. 

We maintain limited self-insurance for
the workers compensation services that we provide to our clients. If we experience claims in excess of our collected premiums,
we might incur additional losses, higher costs, and reduced margins, resulting in a need for more liquidity. 

We are responsible for and pay workers 
compensation costs for our WSEs. Until March 1, 2021, we self-insured for up to 500,000 per occurrence and we purchased reinsurance
for claims in excess of 500,000. After March 1, 2021, our workers compensation coverage moved to a prepaid premium model
that does not require us to record additional reserves. Our workers compensation billings are designed to cover expected claims
based on insurance annuity calculations. These calculations are based on our claims experienced during our limited operating history.
At times, these costs have risen substantially as a result of increased claims and claim trends, general economic conditions, changes
in business mix, increases in healthcare costs, and government regulations. Although we carry insurance and believe that we currently
have reserves sufficient to insulate us against projected losses, any unexpected changes in claim trends, including the severity and
frequency of claims, actuarial estimates, and medical cost inflation, could result in us exceeding these projections. If future claims-related
liabilities increase due to unforeseen circumstances, or if new laws, rules, or regulations are implemented, costs could increase significantly.
There can be no assurance that we will be able to increase the fees charged to our clients in a timely manner and in a sufficient amount
to cover increased costs as a result of any changes in claims-related liabilities. 

Our business, results of operations and
financial condition have been and will likely continue to be materially adversely impacted in the event of a widespread public health
epidemic, including the recent COVID-19 outbreak. 

Our business, results of operations and financial
condition have been, and will likely continue to be, materially adversely affected by any widespread public health epidemics, such as
the COVID-19 outbreak first identified in Wuhan, China in December 2019. On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared
COVID-19 a pandemic disease. Potential impacts of the spread of COVID-19 include disruptions or restrictions on our employees 
and WSEs ability to travel, and temporary closures of our clients facilities. For example, many of our WSEs perform services
in the restaurant and hospitality industries, which have experienced significant declines in traffic since early March 2020. Various
states and municipalities throughout the United States have since declared a state of emergency and imposed substantial restrictions
on movement, required restaurants, bars and hotels to close, and advised people not to patronize restaurants or bars or otherwise engage
in non-essential travel. In some areas, residents have been instructed to shelter in place to reduce the spread of COVID-19, resulting
in many restaurants either closing or limiting their operations to take-out and delivery service. Given that most of our clients are
businesses in the hospitality and restaurant industries, our results of operations are likely to continue to be negatively impacted as
long as restrictions arising from the COVID-19 pandemic continue. We cannot at this time predict with any degree of certainty the precise
impact these adverse conditions will ultimately have on our operations due to a variety of unknown factors. We continue to monitor the
COVID-19 pandemic and will adjust our mitigation strategies as necessary to address any changing health, operational or financial risks
that may arise. Any future significant outbreak of contagious diseases could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely
affect the economies and financial markets of many countries, resulting in an economic downturn that could affect demand for our products
and likely negatively impact our operating results. 

27 

There is no guarantee that our current
cash position, expected revenue growth and anticipated financing transactions will be sufficient to fund our operations for the next
twelve months. 

As of August 31, 2021, we had cash of 1.5
million and a working capital deficit of 10.7 million. We have incurred recurring losses, which has resulted in an accumulated deficit
of 149.4 million as of August 31, 2021. The recurring losses and cash used in operations are indicators of substantial doubt as
to our ability to continue as a going concern for at least one year from issuance of the audited financial statements incorporated in
this Form 10-K. Our plans to alleviate substantial doubt are discussed below and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

Historically, our principal source of financing
has come through the sale of our common stock and issuance of convertible notes. In May 2020, we successfully completed an underwritten
public offering, raising a total of 12 million 10.3 million net of costs), and closed an additional 1.35 million 1.24 million net
of costs) between June 1, 2020 and July 7, 2020 pursuant to the underwriter s overallotment. In October 2020, we
closed an additional 12 million underwritten public offering 10.7 million net of costs). In May 2021, we raised approximately
 12 million 11.1 million net of costs) in connection with the sale of common stock and warrants. More recently, in September 2021,
we raised approximately 12 million 11.1 million net of costs) in connection with the sale of common stock and warrants. Our plans
and expectations for the next twelve months include raising additional capital to help fund expansion of our operations, including the
continued development and support of our IT and HRIS platform, as well as our activities in connection with our sponsorship of the SPACs
described above. We expect to continue to invest in our HRIS platform, ShiftPixy Labs, our sponsorship of the SPACs and other growth
initiatives, all of which have required and will continue to require significant cash expenditures. 

We expect to obtain additional financing in the
form of public or private equity offerings over the next twelve months to sponsor the SPACs as described above, although we are not in
a position to state with certainty if or when any such SPAC IPO will be consummated, or the terms upon which it ultimately will be consummated.
There is no assurance that IHC will be able to complete its IBC within the next twelve months. Additionally, the remaining SPACs may
not be able to complete their IBCs within twelve months from the closing of their respective SPAC IPOs, in which case the SPACs would
cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up. While we believe that the SPACs, after completing their IBCs, will generate
significant revenues for us by virtue of entering into CSAs and/or other contractual relationships with us after completing the De-SPAC
process, we are unable to rely with certainty on the SPACs to generate revenue in the future. 

We expect our investment in our HRIS platform
to continue over the next twelve months regardless of whether we enter into CSAs with the SPACs, and regardless of whether our SPACs
are able to complete successfully the De-SPAC process, as we believe such investments will be necessary to support our existing clients
as well as our future organic growth. While we anticipate that these investments will yield benefits to us in the future in the form
of increased revenues and earnings, it is likely that such improved financial results will be delayed or otherwise materially impacted
if we are unable to enter successfully into CSAs with the SPACs on terms that are beneficial to us, or if the SPACs are unable to complete
the De-SPAC process, including the IBCs. 

We believe that our current cash position, along
with our cost controls, projected revenue growth and anticipated financing from potential institutional investors, will be sufficient
to alleviate substantial doubt and fund our operations for at least a year from the date of this Form 10-K. If these sources do
not provide the capital necessary during the next twelve months, we may need to curtail certain aspects of our operations or expansion
activities, consider the sale of additional assets, or consider other means of financing. We can give no assurance that we will be successful
in implementing our business plan and obtaining financing on terms that are advantageous to us, or that any such additional financing
will be available. 

Our success depends on adoption of our
products and services by our various types of customers. If these potential customers do not accept and acquire our products and services,
then our revenue will be severely limited. 

The major customer groups to whom we believe
our products and services will appeal, (i.e. both clients and WSEs who rely upon shift work), may not embrace our products and services.
Acceptance of our products and services will depend on several factors, including cost, ease of use, familiarity of use, convenience,
timeliness, strategic partnerships, and reliability. If we fail to adequately meet our customers needs and expectations, our product
offerings may not be competitive and our ability to commence or continue generating revenues could be reduced. We also cannot be sure
that our business model will gain wide acceptance among all targeted customer groups. If the market fails to continue to develop, or
develops more slowly than we expect, our ability to continue generating revenues could be reduced. 

28 

We assume the obligation to make wage,
tax, and regulatory payments for WSEs, and, as a result, are exposed to client credit risks. 

Under our typical CSA, we assume the obligations
to pay the salaries, wages and related benefits costs and payroll taxes for our WSEs. We assume such obligations as an agent, not as
a principal, of the client. Our obligations include responsibility for: 

payment
 of the salaries and wages for work performed by WSEs, regardless of whether the client timely
 pays us the associated service fee; and 

withholding
 and payment of federal and state payroll taxes with respect to wages and salaries reported
 by us. 

If a client does not pay us, our ultimate liability
for WSE payroll and benefits costs could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

If we are unable to effectively manage
growth and maintain low operating costs, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

We have experienced rapid growth since our inception,
and our plans contemplate significant expansion of our business. If we are unable to manage our growth effectively, (including having
geographically dispersed offices and employees), or to anticipate and manage our future growth accurately, our business may be adversely
affected. If we are unable to manage our expansion and growth effectively, we may be unable to keep our operating costs low or effectively
meet the requirements of an ever-growing, geographically dispersed client base. Our business relies on data systems, billing systems
and financial reporting and control systems, procedures and controls. Our success in managing our expansion and growth in a cost-effective
manner will require us to upgrade and improve these systems, procedures and controls. If we are unable to adapt our systems and put adequate
controls in place in a timely manner, our business may be adversely affected. In addition, our growth may place significant demands on
our management, and our overall operational and financial resources. A failure on our part to meet any of the foregoing challenges inherent
in our growth strategy may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Our targeted customer base is diverse,
and we face a challenge in adequately meeting each group s needs. 

Because we serve both employers and employees,
we must work constantly to understand the needs, standards and requirements of each group and must devote significant resources to developing
products and services for their interests. If we do not accurately predict our customers needs and expectations, we may expend
valuable resources in developing products and services that do not achieve broad acceptance across the markets, and we may fail to grow
our business. 

We face intense competition across all
markets for our services, which may lead to lower revenue or operating margins. Competing forms of Gig Economy oriented staffing management
products and services may be more desirable to consumers or may make our products and services obsolete. 

Our competitors range in size from diversified
global companies with significant research and development resources to small, specialized firms whose narrower service lines may make
them more effective in deploying technical, marketing, and financial resources. Barriers to entry in many of our businesses are low and
many of the areas in which we compete evolve rapidly with changing and disruptive technologies, shifting user needs, and frequent introductions
of new products and services. Our ability to remain competitive depends on our success in making innovative products, devices, and services
that appeal to customers. 

Companies compete with us based on a growing
variety of business models. The competitive pressures described above may cause decreased sales volumes, price reductions, and/or increased
operating costs, such as for research and development, marketing, and sales incentives. This may lead to lower revenue, gross margins,
and operating income. 

There are currently several different competing
Gig Economy oriented staffing management product and service technologies that are being marketed to our potential customers. Further
development of any of these technologies may lead to advancements in technology that will make our products and services obsolete. Consumers
may prefer alternative technologies and products and services. We cannot guarantee that users of Gig Economy oriented staffing management
products and services who will be using our products and services will continue to grow within the industry as a whole. Any developments
that contribute to the obsolescence of our products and services may substantially impact our business, reducing our ability to generate
or sustain revenues. 

29 

Providing specialized Gig Economy oriented
staffing management products and services is an emerging yet competitive business, and many of our competitors have greater resources
that may enable them to compete more effectively. 

We compete in the same markets as many companies
that offer not only staffing management products and services focused on the Gig Economy but also more traditional staffing management
products and services. There are limited barriers to entry and price competition in the industry, particularly from larger, more traditional
industry model competitors, is intense, with pricing pressures from competitors and clients increasing. New competitors entering our
markets may further increase pricing pressures. 

We have observed that clients sometimes competitively
bid new contracts, which is a trend that we expect to continue for the foreseeable future. Some of our competitors have greater resources
than we, which may enable them to compete more effectively in this market. Our competitors may devote their resources to developing and
marketing products and services that will directly compete with our product lines, and new, more efficient competitors may enter the
market. If we are unable to successfully compete with existing companies and new entrants to the market, it will have a negative impact
on our business and financial condition. 

We operate in an immature and rapidly evolving
industry and have a relatively new business model, which makes it difficult to evaluate our business and prospects. 

The industry in which we operate is characterized
by rapidly changing regulatory requirements, evolving industry standards and shifting user and client demands. Our business model is
also evolving and is different from models used by other companies in our industry. As a result of these factors, the success and future
revenue and income potential of our business is uncertain. Any evaluation of our business and our prospects must be considered in light
of these risks and uncertainties, some of which relate to our ability to: 

Expand
 client and WSE relationships; 

Increase
 the number of our clients and grow our WSE base; 

Develop
 relationships with third-party vendors, HCM providers, and insurance companies; 

Expand
 operations and implement and improve our operational, financial and management controls; 

Raise
 capital at attractive costs, or at all; 

Attract
 and retain qualified management, employees and independent service providers; 

Successfully
 introduce new processes, technologies, products and services, and upgrade our existing processes,
 technologies, products and services; 

Protect
 our proprietary processes and technologies and our intellectual property rights; and 

Respond
 to government regulations relating to the internet, personal data protection, email, software
 technologies, cyber security and other regulated aspects of our business. 

If we are unable to successfully address the
challenges posed by operating in an immature and rapidly evolving industry and having a relatively new business model, our business could
suffer. 

We
have claims and lawsuits against us that may result in adverse outcomes . 

We are subject to a variety of claims and lawsuits.
These claims arise from a wide variety of business practices, significant business transactions, operational claims, and employment practices.
Adverse outcomes in some or all of these claims may result in significant monetary damages or injunctive relief that could adversely
affect our ability to conduct our business. Such litigation and other claims are subject to inherent uncertainties and management s
view of these matters may change in the future. A material adverse impact on our consolidated financial statements could occur for the
period in which the effect of an unfavorable outcome becomes probable and reasonably estimable. 

30 

We have identified material weaknesses
in our internal control over financial reporting. If our internal control over financial reporting is not effective, we may not be able
to accurately report our financial results or file our periodic reports in a timely manner, which may cause adverse effects on our business,
may cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and may lead to a decline in stock price. 

Effective internal control over financial reporting
is necessary to provide reliable financial reports in a timely manner. In connection with the audit of our consolidated financial statements
for Fiscal 2021, we concluded that there were material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting relating to our IT
environment, controls over cut-off procedures, accounting for our capitalized software and discontinued operations, segregation of duties
and corporate oversight functions. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial
reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will
not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

If we are unable to successfully remediate our
material weaknesses or identify any future significant deficiencies or material weaknesses, the accuracy and timing of our financial
reporting may be adversely affected, a material misstatement in our consolidated financial statements could occur, or we may be unable
to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports, all of which could adversely affect
our business and cause our stock price to decline as a result. In addition, even if we remediate our material weaknesses, we will be
required to expend significant time and resources to further improve our internal controls over financial reporting, including by further
expanding our finance and accounting staff to meet the demands that are placed upon us as a public company, including the requirements
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. If we fail to adequately staff our accounting and finance function to remediate our material weaknesses or
fail to maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting, any new or recurring material weaknesses could prevent us from concluding
that our internal control over financial reporting is effective and impair our ability to prevent material misstatements in our consolidated
financial statements, which could cause our business to suffer. 

If we are unable to secure or pay for the
insurance coverage required for our business operations, or if we lose any existing coverage, we may not be able to offer some of our
services and our revenues could be reduced. 

We are required to obtain and maintain various
types of insurance coverage for our business, in particular health and workers compensation insurance related to our employment
of WSEs. Although we have contracts with all types of providers currently necessary for our business, if in the future we are unable
to secure the insurance coverage required for our business operations, or if we lose any existing coverage, we may not be able to offer
some of our services and our revenues could be reduced. In addition, any increases in the cost of insurance coverage we are required
to maintain could reduce our profitability (or increase our net losses). 

We may be subject to penalties and interest
payable on taxes as a result of data entry into our software or manual error. 

Our input of data in our tax processing software
must be entered properly to process the data and payments correctly with regard to clients, co-employees and applicable tax agencies.
If we input incorrect data or input accurate data incorrectly, we could inadvertently overbill or underbill our clients or overpay or
underpay applicable taxes, resulting in the loss of net income and/or clients and/or the incurrence of tax penalties and interest. Despite
our efforts to reconcile taxes on a monthly basis, we may incur additional taxes, penalties and interest for which we may or may not
bill our clients. 

Our ability to adjust and collect service
fees for increases in unemployment tax rates may be limited. 

We record our State Unemployment Tax SUI expense based on taxable wages and tax rates assigned by each state. SUI tax rates vary by state and are determined, in part, based on
prior years compensation experience in each state. Prior to the receipt of final tax rate notices, we estimate our expected SUI
tax rate in those states for which tax rate notices have not yet been received for purposes of pricing. In a period of adverse economic
conditions state unemployment funds may experience a significant increase in the number of unemployment claims. Accordingly, SUI tax
rates would likely increase substantially. Some states have the ability under law to increase SUI tax rates retroactively to cover deficiencies
in the unemployment fund. 

In addition, taxes under the Federal Unemployment
Tax Act FUTA may be retroactively increased in certain states in the event the state fails to timely repay federal unemployment
loans. Employers in such states are experiencing higher FUTA tax rates as a result of not repaying their unemployment loans from the
federal government in a timely manner. The credit reduction is an additional tax on the FUTA wage base for employers in states that continue
to have outstanding federal unemployment insurance loans beginning with the fifth year in which there is a balance due on the loan. States
have the option to apply for a waiver before July 1st of the year in which the credit reduction is applicable. 

31 

Generally, our contractual agreements allow us
to incorporate such statutory tax increases into our service fees upon the effective date of the rate change. However, our ability to
fully adjust service fees in our billing systems and collect such increases over the remaining term of the clients contracts could
be limited, resulting in a potential tax increase not being fully recovered. As a result, such increases could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

Our sponsorship of various SPACs requires
significant capital deployment, entails certain risks and may not be successful, which would likely have a material adverse effect on
our future expansion, revenues, and profits. 

On April 29, 2021, we announced our sponsorship,
through our wholly-owned subsidiary, of four SPAC IPOs. We purchased founder shares in each SPAC, through our wholly-owned subsidiary,
for an aggregate purchase price of 100,000, or 25,000 per SPAC. The number of founder shares issued to us was determined based on the
expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares of each SPAC after its initial public offering (excluding
the private placement warrants described below and their underlying securities). We are likely to be able to make a substantial profit
on our nominal investment in the founder shares even at a time when each SPAC s public shares have lost significant value. On the
other hand, the founder shares will be worthless for each SPAC that does not complete an IBC. Accordingly, we will benefit from the completion
of a business combination and may be incentivized to complete an acquisition of a less favorable target company or on terms less favorable
to shareholders rather than liquidate. 

The registration statement and prospectus covering
the IPO of one of these SPACs, IHC, was declared effective by the SEC on October 19, 2021, and IHC units (the IHC Units ),
consisting of one share of common stock and an accompanying warrant to purchase one share of IHC common stock, began trading on the New
York Stock Exchange NYSE on October 20, 2021. The IHC IPO closed on October 22, 2021, raising gross proceeds
for IHC of 115 million. In connection with the IHC IPO, we purchased, through our wholly-owned subsidiary, 4,639,102 placement warrants
at a price of 1.00 per warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of 4,639,102. We also anticipate purchasing private placement warrants
in each of the three other SPACs we are sponsoring, at a price of 1.00 per warrant, for an aggregate of 17,531,408 (or up to 18,656,408
if the over-allotment option of each SPAC is exercised in full), which includes our investment in founder shares and assumes that all
four SPAC IPOs are consummated and the pricing terms of each other SPAC IPO is identical to the pricing of the IHC IPO. Each whole private
placement warrant is exercisable to purchase one whole share of common stock in each SPAC at 11.50 per share. The private placement
warrants of each SPAC will also be worthless if each SPAC does not complete an IBC. 

The investment amounts set forth above do not
include loans that we may extend to each SPAC in an amount not to exceed 500,000 individually (or 2 million in the aggregate), in our
role as sponsor. As of October 31, 2021, we had advanced, through our wholly owned subsidiary, an aggregate of approximately 820,000
to the SPACs for payment of various expenses in connection with the SPAC IPOs, principally consisting of SEC registration, legal and
auditing fees. We anticipate that each of the SPACs will repay these advanced expenses to us from the proceeds of their respective SPAC
IPOs, as permitted. 

We expect to obtain additional financing in the
form of public or private equity offerings over the next twelve months to sponsor the SPACs, as described above, although we are not
in a position to state with certainty if or when any such SPAC IPO will be consummated, or the terms upon which it ultimately will be
consummated. There is no assurance that IHC will be able to complete its IBC within the next twelve months. Additionally, the remaining
SPACs may not be able to complete their IBCs within twelve months from the closing of their respective SPAC IPOs, in which case the SPACs
would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up. While we believe that the SPACs, after completing their IBCs, will generate
significant revenues for us by virtue of entering into CSAs and/or other contractual relationships with us after completing the De-SPAC
process, we are unable to rely with certainty on the SPACs to generate revenue in the future. 

The combined value of our equity investment in
our sponsored SPACs, as carried on the consolidated balance sheet included in the financial statements accompanying this Form 10-K,
is 47,472,000, which we have computed in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ),
and which constitutes the majority of the carrying value of our total assets as reflected on our consolidated balance sheet. If any of
the SPACs are unable to complete their IPOs and/or consummate their IBCs successfully, then we would likely be unable to recover any
portion of this equity investment. Further, even if each of the SPACs is able to complete its IPO successfully and consummate its IBC,
we can provide no assurance that the value of this equity investment will not decline significantly based upon a variety of factors,
including, without limitation, shareholder and general market reaction to any IBC, redemption requests received from SPAC shareholders
in connection with any proposed IBC, and SPAC shareholder dilution resulting from additional capital raises or other financing transactions
undertaken by the SPACs in connection with any IBC. 

We expect our investment in our HRIS platform
to continue over the next twelve months regardless of whether we enter into CSAs with the SPACs, and regardless of whether our SPACs
are able to complete successfully the De-SPAC process, as we believe such investments will be necessary to support our existing clients
as well as our future organic growth. While we anticipate that these investments will yield benefits to us in the future in the form
of increased revenues and earnings, it is likely that such improved financial results will be delayed or otherwise materially impacted
if we are unable to enter successfully into CSAs with the SPACs on terms that are beneficial to us, or if the SPACs are unable to complete
the De-SPAC process, including their IBCs. 

32 

We may never successfully commercialize
ShiftPixy Labs. 

We have invested a substantial amount of our
time and resources in developing ShiftPixy Labs and its related services and technology. Commercialization of ShiftPixy Labs will require
additional development, customer engagement, significant marketing efforts and ongoing investment before it can provide us with any additional
revenue. Despite our efforts, ShiftPixy Labs may not become commercially successful. Failure to successfully deploy and commercialize
ShiftPixy Labs could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 

Risks Relating to Technology 

We collect, use, transmit and store personal
and business information with the use of data service vendors, and a security or privacy breach may damage or disrupt our businesses,
result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation, increase our costs or cause losses. 

In connection with our business, we collect,
use, transmit and store with data services vendors large amounts of personal and business information about our clients and shift employees,
including payroll information, healthcare information, personal and limited business financial data, social security numbers, bank account
numbers, tax information and other sensitive personal and business information. In addition, as we continue to grow the scale of our
business, we will process and store with data services vendors an increasing volume of personally identifiable information of our users.
Our data services vendors include PrismHR, Amazon Web Services, Microsoft OneDrive, ShareFile, Dropbox, Egnyte, Smartsheet, Sage Intacct,
MasterTax, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Office 365, DocuSign and RightSignature. We believe these vendors implement industry standard
or more stringent data security measures to protect the data that we transmit through and/or store with them. Despite our efforts to
protect customer data, perceptions that the collection, use, and storage of personal information are not satisfactorily protected could
inhibit sales and limit adoption of our services. In addition, the continued occurrence of high-profile data breaches provides evidence
of an external environment increasingly hostile to information security. 

We are focused on ensuring that our operating
environments safeguard and protect personal and business information, and we will devote significant resources to maintaining and regularly
updating our systems and processes. The cost to maintain these safeguards is significant and may increase as we grow, which may limit
our ability to employ our resources elsewhere and slow our ability to grow. Despite our efforts to maintain security controls across
our business, it is possible our security controls over personal data, our training of employees and vendors on data security, and other
practices we follow may not prevent the improper disclosure of customer data that we or our vendors store and manage. In addition, attacks
on information technology systems continue to grow in frequency, complexity and sophistication, and we may be targeted by unauthorized
parties using malicious tactics, code and viruses. 

We engage third party contractors who monitor
our activities in a manner designed to prevent, detect and respond to data security incidents. However, because the techniques used to
obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long
periods of time, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventive measures. In addition, hardware, software,
or applications we develop or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly
compromise the confidentiality, integrity or availability of data or our systems. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to gain access
to our systems or facilities, or those of third parties with whom we do business, through fraud, trickery, or other methods of deceiving
our employees, contractors, or temporary staff. As these threats continue to evolve, we may be required to invest significant additional
resources to modify and enhance our information security and controls or to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. In
addition, while our operating environment is designed to safeguard and protect personal and business information, we do not have the
ability to monitor the implementation of similar safeguards by our clients, vendors or their respective employees, and, in any event,
third parties may be able to circumvent those security measures. 

Any cyber-attack, unauthorized intrusion, malicious
software infiltration, network disruption, denial of service, corruption of data, theft of non-public or other sensitive information,
any similar act by a malevolent party, or inadvertent acts by our own employees, could result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential
or proprietary information, harm our reputation, and could have a materially adverse effect on our business operations, or that of our
clients, create financial liability, result in regulatory sanction, or generate a loss of confidence in our ability to serve clients
or cause current or potential clients to choose another service provider, or subject us to liability under laws that protect personal
data, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenue. Although we believe that through our third party contractors we maintain an adequate
program of information security and controls and any threats that we might have encountered to date have not materially impacted us,
the impact of a data security incident could have a materially adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
In addition, any further security measures we may undertake to address further protections may cause higher operating expenses. 

33 

We are also subject to various federal and state
laws, rules and regulations relating to the collection, use, transmission and security of personal and business information. In
addition, the possession and use of personal information and data in conducting our business subjects us to laws that may require notification
to regulators, clients or employees in the event of a privacy breach and may impose liability on us for privacy deficiencies, including
but not limited to liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, such as HIPAA, and regulatory penalties. These
laws continue to develop, the number of jurisdictions adopting such laws continues to increase, and these laws may be inconsistent from
jurisdiction to jurisdiction. The future enactment of more restrictive laws, rules or regulations could have a materially adverse
impact on us through increased costs or restrictions on our businesses and noncompliance could result in regulatory penalties and significant
legal liability. In addition, enforcement actions and investigations by regulatory authorities related to data security incidents and
privacy violations continue to increase. 

Some of the activities in which our shift workers
could become involved include health care information-related responsibilities that could invoke the need for compliance with HIPAA as
amended by the HITECH Act. The United States Department of Health and Human Services has issued regulations that establish uniform standards
governing the conduct of certain electronic health care transactions and protect the privacy and security of protected health information
used or disclosed by health care providers and other covered entities. Three principal regulations with which we are required to comply
have been issued in final form under HIPAA: privacy regulations, security regulations, and standards for electronic transactions, which
establish standards for common health care transactions. The privacy regulations cover the use and disclosure of protected health information
by health care providers. They also set forth certain rights that an individual has with respect to his or her protected health information
maintained by a health care provider, including the right to access or amend certain records containing protected health information
or to request restrictions on the use or disclosure of protected health information. The security regulations establish requirements
for safeguarding the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of protected health information that is electronically transmitted
or electronically stored. The HITECH Act, among other things, establishes certain health information security breach notification requirements.
A covered entity must notify any individual whose protected health information is breached. The HIPAA privacy and security regulations
establish a uniform federal floor and do not supersede state laws that are more stringent or provide individuals with greater
rights with respect to the privacy or security of, and access to, their records containing protected health information. These laws contain
significant fines and other penalties for wrongful use or disclosure of protected health information. Additionally, to the extent that
we submit electronic health care claims and payment transactions that do not comply with the electronic data transmission standards established
under HIPAA and the HITECH Act, payments to us may be delayed or denied. 

We may be vulnerable to security breaches
that could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business. 

Despite security measures and business continuity
plans, our information technology networks and infrastructure may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to unauthorized
access, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, distributed denial of service, and other security breaches. An attack on or security breach
of our network could result in interruption or cessation of access and services, our inability to meet our access and service level commitments,
and potentially compromise customer data transmitted over our network. We cannot guarantee that our security measures will not be circumvented,
resulting in network failures or interruptions that could impact our network availability and have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, and results. We may be required to expend significant resources to protect against such threats. If an actual or
perceived breach of our security occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed, and we
could lose customers. Any such events could result in legal claims or penalties, disruption in operations, misappropriation of sensitive
data, damage to our reputation, and/or costly response measures, which could adversely affect our business. 

34 

If we are unable to protect our proprietary
and technology rights our operations will be adversely affected. 

Our success will depend in part on our ability
to protect our proprietary rights and technologies, including those related to our products and services. Protecting our intellectual
property rights and combating unlicensed copying and use of our software and other intellectual property is difficult. Except as otherwise
noted herein, we have not obtained any formal patent, trademark or similar protection. Our failure to adequately protect our proprietary
rights may adversely affect our operations. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to
copy aspects of our services or to obtain and use trade secrets or other information that we regard as proprietary. Based on the nature
of our business, we may or may not be able to adequately protect our rights through patent, copyright and trademark laws. Our means of
protecting our proprietary rights in the United States or abroad may not be adequate, and competitors may independently develop similar
technologies. In addition, litigation may be necessary in the future to: 

Enforce
 intellectual property rights; 

Protect
 our trade secrets; 

Determine
 the validity and scope of the rights of others; or 

Defend
 against claims of infringement or invalidity. 

Any such litigation could result in substantial
costs if we are held to have willfully infringed upon another party s intellectual property, or to expend significant resources
to develop non-infringing technology and would divert the attention of management from the implementation of our business strategy. Furthermore,
the outcome of any litigation is inherently difficult to predict, and we may not prevail in any litigation in which we become involved. 

Software products we use in our business
may contain defects which will make it more difficult for us to establish and maintain customers. 

We currently use PrismHR software for our payroll
processing. We also use MasterTax to process our tax reports and filings, and a host of other software products in the course of conducting
our business. Our mobile application, along with the client portal and the ShiftPixy Command Hub, constitute our proprietary software
and contain components that are licensed from third parties that constitute public domain software. Our payroll processing software and
other software products that we use in our business, including our mobile application, could contain undetected design faults and software
errors, or bugs that are discovered only after they have been installed and used by a significant number of customers.
Any such defect or error in new or existing software or applications could cause delays in delivering our technology or require design
modifications. These developments could adversely affect our competitive position and cause us to lose potential customers or opportunities.
Since our technologies are intended to be utilized to supply human resources related services, the effect of any such bugs or delays
will likely have a detrimental impact on us. In addition, given that our specialized human resources software and services have yet to
gain widespread acceptance in the market, any delays or other problems caused by software bugs would likely have a more detrimental impact
on our business than if we were a more established company. 

If a contract relating to our mission critical
software that we use in our business is terminated or not renewed, our business could be seriously disrupted and our revenues significantly
reduced. 

If a contract relating to our mission-critical
software services, such as that applicable to payroll and payroll tax processing, is terminated or not renewed, and we do not have an
effective replacement software, our business and revenues will suffer. Although there are other software vendors we can use, it may take
time to negotiate an agreement and make any replacement software operational. Accordingly, if the software agreements that we use in
our business are terminated or not renewed, our business could be seriously disrupted and our revenues significantly reduced until we
locate replacement software and make it operational. 

Our systems may be subject to disruptions
that could have a materially adverse effect on our business and reputation. 

Our business is and will continue to be highly
dependent on our ability to process, on a daily basis, a large number of complicated transactions. We rely heavily on our payroll, financial,
accounting, and other data processing systems. We may not be successful in preventing the loss of client data, service interruptions
or disruptions to our operations from system failures. If any of these systems fail to operate properly or become disabled even for a
brief period of time, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to clients, regulatory intervention,
or damage to our reputation, any of which could have a materially adverse effect on our results of operation or financial condition. 

35 

Because we store data in the cloud with
providers such as Microsoft and Amazon, any disruptions in our ability to access this data or any breach of security concerning this
data in the cloud could have a materially adverse effect on our business and reputation. 

Our business is and will continue to be highly
dependent on data storage in the cloud with providers such as Microsoft and Amazon. These cloud storage systems may fail to operate properly
or become disabled. There could also be security breaches of our data stored in the cloud. If there is loss of client data, service interruptions
or disruptions to our operations related to our cloud data storage, even for a brief period of time, we could suffer financial loss,
a disruption of our business, liability to clients, regulatory intervention, or damage to our reputation, any of which could have a materially
adverse effect on our results of operation or financial condition. 

We make significant investments in our
software that may not meet our expectations. 

Developing new technologies is complex. It can
require long development and testing periods. Significant delays in new releases or significant problems in creating new products or
services could adversely affect our revenue. 

We may not be able to protect our source
code from copying in the event of an unauthorized disclosure. 

Source code, the detailed program commands for
our operating systems and other software programs, is critical to our business. We take significant measures to protect the secrecy of
large portions of our source code. If a significant portion of our source code leaks, we could lose future trade secret protection for
that source code. It may become easier for third parties to compete with our products by copying functionality, which could adversely
affect our revenue and operating margins. Unauthorized disclosure of source code also could increase the security risks described in
the next paragraph. 

We may have outages, data losses, and disruptions
of our online services if we fail to maintain an adequate operations infrastructure. 

Our increasing user traffic, growth in services,
and the complexity of our services demand more computing power. We spend substantial amounts to build, purchase, or lease data centers
and equipment and to upgrade our technology and network infrastructure to handle more data. These demands continue to increase as we
grow our workforce. Maintaining, securing, and expanding this infrastructure is expensive and complex. It requires that we maintain an
internet connectivity infrastructure that is robust and reliable within competitive and regulatory constraints that continue to evolve.
Inefficiencies or operational failures, including temporary or permanent loss of customer data or insufficient internet connectivity,
could diminish the utility or functionality of our products, and adversely impact the quality of our services and user experience, resulting
in contractual liability, claims by users and other third parties, regulatory actions, damage to our reputation, and loss of current
and potential users, subscribers, and advertisers, each of which could have a materially adverse impact on our operating results and
financial condition. 

Our
software may experience quality or supply problems . 

Our software may experience quality or reliability
problems. The highly sophisticated software we have been developing may contain bugs and other defects that interfere with their
intended operation. Any defects we do not detect and fix in pre-release testing could cause reduced sales and revenue, damage to our
reputation, repair or remediation costs, delays in the release of new products or versions, or legal liability. Although our license
agreements typically contain provisions that limit our exposure to liability, there is no assurance these provisions will withstand legal
challenge. 

We intend to use open source blockchain
technology in our technology platform. This technology has been scrutinized by regulatory agencies and therefore we may be impacted by
unfavorable regulatory action in one or more jurisdictions. 

We intend to use open source blockchain technology
as a secure repository for device reputation information acquired by our technology platform. Blockchain technologies have
been the subject of scrutiny by various regulatory bodies around the world. We could be impacted by one or more regulatory inquiries
or actions, including but not limited to restrictions on the use of blockchain technology, which could impede or limit the use of this
technology within our product offerings. 

We use and leverage open source technology
in our technology platform which may create risks of security weaknesses. 

Some parts of our technology that we currently
use, and that we intend to develop in the future, incorporate (or may incorporate in the future) open-source technology, including the
blockchain technology that we intend to use in our technology platform. There is a risk that the development team, or other third parties
may, intentionally or unintentionally, introduce weaknesses or bugs into the core infrastructure elements of our technology solutions
that interfere with the use of such technology which, in turn, could have a material negative impact on our business and operations. 

36 

Risks Relating to Management and Personnel 

We depend heavily on Scott W. Absher, our
Chief Executive Officer and a director. The loss of his services could harm our business. 

Our future business and results of operations
depend in significant part upon the continued contributions of Scott W. Absher, our Chief Executive Officer and Chair of our board of
directors. If we lose his services or if he fails to perform in his current position, or if we are not able to attract and retain skilled
employees in addition to Mr. Absher, this could adversely affect the development and implementation of our business plan and harm
our business. 

Certain of our officers and directors have
potential conflicts of interest arising from our SPAC sponsorship activities. 

Our officers may not commit their full time to
our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and the SPACs. All of our
officers are engaged in the SPACs and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs.
All of our officers serve as officers of each SPAC and Mr. Absher, our board of directors Chair and Chief Executive Officer, also serves
as Chair of the board of directors of each SPAC. While we do not believe that the time devoted to the SPACs will undermine their ability
to fulfill their duties with respect to our Company, if the business affairs of each SPAC require them to devote substantial amounts
of time to such affairs, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our operations. 
The interests of each of these individuals in our Company and the SPACs may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a
target business combination, completing an IBC and influencing the operation of our business following the IBC of each SPAC. 

None of our officers or directors (i) hold any
equity interest in the SPACs, (ii) receive any form of compensation from the SPACs, or (iii) have any pecuniary interest related to the
SPACs separate and apart from their pecuniary interest in our Company. While Mr. Absher, Domonic J. Carney (our Treasurer and Chief Financial
Officer), and Robert S. Gans (our Secretary and General Counsel), as officers and/or directors of both our Company and the SPACs, owe
fiduciary duties to each entity, our board of directors has considered this matter and determined that no disabling conflict of interest
has arisen or is likely to arise that would prevent these individuals from discharging their fiduciary duties on behalf of our Company.
As a result, our board of directors has (i) approved our sponsorship of the SPACs through our subsidiary, Investments, (ii) approved
Messrs. Absher, Carney and Gans serving as officers and/or directors of the SPACs, and (iii) approved the allocation of additional ShiftPixy
resources, including financial backing and personnel, for the purpose of supporting the activities of the SPACs as they pursue their
IBCs. Further, we do not anticipate that any of the SPACs will enter into an IBC with a target business affiliated with us, Investments,
or any of our officers or directors. To the extent one of the SPACs were to propose a business combination with such an affiliated person
or related party, such transaction would be negotiated on an arms length basis and be subject to board of directors and shareholder
approvals, as appropriate. 

If we are not recognized as an employer
of WSEs under federal and state regulations, or we are deemed to be an insurance agent or third-party administrator, we and our clients
could be adversely impacted. 

While in our client engagements we sometimes
arrange for our clients to act as sponsor of employee benefit plans, we also sponsor the benefit plans applicable to their WSEs. For
us to sponsor employee benefit plan offerings for WSEs, we must qualify as an employer for certain purposes under the Code and ERISA.
In addition, our status as an employer is important for purposes of ERISA s preemption of certain state laws. The definition of
employer under various laws is not uniform, and under both the Code and ERISA, the term is defined in part by complex multi-factor tests. 

Generally, these tests are designed to evaluate
whether an individual is an independent contractor or employee and they provide substantial weight to whether a purported employer has
the right to direct and control the details of an individual s work. Some factors that the IRS has considered important in the
past have included the employer s degree of behavioral control (the extent of instructions, training and the nature of the work),
the financial control and the economic aspects of the relationship, and the intent of the parties, as evidenced by (i) the specific
benefit, contract, termination and other similar arrangements between the parties, and (ii) the on-going versus project-oriented 
nature of the work to be performed. However, a definitive judicial interpretation of employer in the context of employer
relationships such as those in which we engage has not been established. For ERISA purposes, for example, courts have held that test
factors relating to ability to control and supervise an individual are less important, while the U.S. Department of Labor has issued
guidance that certain entities in the HR outsourcing industry do not qualify as common law employers for ERISA purposes. Moreover, when
our mobile application is fully functional, the scope of our employer status will increase, changing the legal analysis. Although we
believe that we qualify as an employer of WSEs under ERISA, and the U.S. Department of Labor has not provided guidance otherwise, we
are not able to predict the outcome of any future regulatory challenge. 

37 

If we are not recognized as an employer under
the Code or ERISA, we may be required to change the method by which we report and remit payroll taxes to the tax authorities and the
method by which we provide, or discontinue providing, certain employee benefits to WSEs, which could have a material adverse effect on
our business and results of operations. 

We may also need to qualify as an employer of
WSEs under state regulations, which govern licensing, certification and registration requirements. Nearly all states have enacted laws
and regulations in this regard. While we believe that we qualify as an employer of WSEs under these state regulations, these requirements
vary from state to state and change frequently and if we are not able to satisfy existing or future licensing requirements or other applicable
regulations of any states, we may be prohibited from doing business in that state. 

Lapses in our WSE screening process may
harm our reputation or relationship with clients, or result in litigation, which may impact our financial condition. 

Our business model is dependent on hiring WSEs
who will provide high quality service for our clients. Lapses in our screening process may result in WSEs being hired who do not meet
the standard expected by our clients. This may hurt our relationship with our clients or result in them placing their business elsewhere,
which would negatively impact our ability to remain in business. Criminal behavior by our WSEs resulting from a lapse in our screening
process may subject us to litigation from our clients or government regulators, which may also be costly and/or damage our reputation. 

We are in the business of providing WSEs
to clients, and there is a risk that we will be sued and/or held liable for claims resulting from actions by or against our WSEs. 

Our WSEs perform their jobs in the workplaces
of our clients. Our ability to control the workplace environment of our clients is extremely limited. Further, many WSEs have access
to our clients information systems and confidential information. Based on our relationship with these WSEs, we incur a risk of
liability arising from various workplace events, including claims of physical injury, discrimination, harassment or failure to protect
confidential personal information. Other inherent risks include possible claims of errors and omissions; intentional misconduct; release,
misuse or misappropriation of client intellectual property; employment of undocumented immigrants; criminal activity; torts; or other
claims. These claims can carry significant financial penalties and damages. 

We have not experienced significant claims for
damages or losses to date arising from the actions of WSEs. However, there is a risk that we will be subject to such claims in the future
and may be held liable even if our contribution to the injury is minimal or absent. We may also be required to indemnify our clients
against claims brought against them by or against WSEs. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, the costs of mounting
our defense might be significant and damaging to us. We may incur reputational costs and/or be subject to investigations by public agencies,
which could result in associated negative publicity. We may also lose clients as a result of claims against us. 

Risks Relating to Regulations and Compliance 

Failure to comply with, or changes in,
laws and regulations applicable to our business, particularly potential changes to the ACA, could have a materially adverse effect on
our marketing plan as well as our reputation, results of operations or financial condition, or have other adverse consequences. 

Our business is subject to a wide range of complex
laws and regulations. For example, many states regulate entities offering the employment related services such as those offered by us
directly or through our subsidiaries and require licenses as a prerequisite to operation of such enterprises in their respective jurisdictions.
There can be no assurance that either we or our subsidiaries will be successful in either securing or maintaining a license or licenses
in compliance with a particular state s laws and regulations. Further, many states require that workers compensation policies
offered by employment related firms such as ours be managed according to strict rules and/or that unemployment insurance filings
be administered according to strict rules. 

Failure to comply with such laws and regulations
could result in the suspension or revocation of licenses or registrations, the limitation, suspension or termination of services, and
the imposition of consent orders or civil and criminal penalties, including fines, that could damage our reputation and have a materially
adverse effect on our results of operation or financial condition. 

In addition, changes in laws or regulations,
or changes in the interpretation of laws or regulations by a regulatory authority, may decrease our revenues and earnings and may require
us to change the manner in which we conduct some aspects of our business. For example, a change in regulations either decreasing the
amount of taxes to be withheld or allowing less time to remit taxes to government authorities would adversely impact interest income
from investing client funds before such funds are remitted to the applicable taxing authorities. Changes in taxation regulations could
adversely affect our effective tax rate and our net income. Changes in laws that govern the co-employment arrangement between a PEO and
its WSEs may also require us to change the manner in which we conduct some aspects of our business. 

38 

Changes to the ACA, as amended, related state
laws, and the regulations adopted or to be adopted thereunder, have the potential to impact substantially the way that employers provide
health insurance to employees and the health insurance market for the small and mid-sized businesses that constitute our clients and
prospects. The repeal or replacement of the ACA, the elimination of employer mandates and similar employer requirements currently imposed
by the ACA, and other regulatory changes could in the future reduce our revenues. Amendments to money transmitter statutes have required
us to obtain licenses in some jurisdictions. The adoption of new money transmitter statutes in other jurisdictions, changes in regulators 
interpretation of existing state and federal money transmitter or money services business statutes or regulations, or disagreement by
a regulatory authority with our interpretation of such existing statutes or regulations, could require additional registration or licensing,
limit certain business activities until they are appropriately licensed, and expose us to financial penalties. These occurrences could
also require changes to our compliance programs and to the manner in which we conduct some aspects of our money movement business or
client funds investment strategy, which could adversely impact interest income from investing client funds before such funds are remitted. 

Failure to secure any necessary registrations
or licensure could affect our ability to operate certain segments of our business in certain jurisdictions. 

Some states require licensure or registration
of businesses offering PEO services. While some elements of our service offering overlap with PEO services, we believe that our human
capital platform is more in line with a traditional staffing model. However, if we need and are unable to secure registration or licensure
of such service offerings in a particular state, our ability to grow that segment of our business in such state would be impaired and
could affect our ability to increase our revenues and meet certain customer requirements in such states. 

We may be subject to Private Attorney General s
Act PAGA claims which we may require additional capital to defend. 

Our work force currently resides mostly in the
State of California. Employment laws in the State of California can be complex and undefined where a direct employment or co-employment
relationship exists, both of which are contemplated to some extent in our current business and, (to a lesser extent), our future plans.
PAGA allows plaintiffs to bring class action-like lawsuits against employers that can result in substantial costs to defend and can result
in large fines for seemingly insignificant or inadvertent clerical errors. As our business expands, the risk will increase that such
PAGA claims will be filed and litigated which may result in increased costs to us. 

Laws related to the classification of Gig
Economy workers are changing, and we may be subject to state and local regulations impacting how we classify our workers. 

A significant portion of our business is located
in the State of California which recently passed AB-5 relating to the classification of certain gig workers as employees instead of independent
contractors. This legislation, to the extent it applied to app-based drivers , was repealed by Proposition 22, which restored
these drivers to the status of independent contractors. Nevertheless, Proposition 22 also instituted various labor and wage policies
that are specific to app-based drivers and their employers that do not apply to other independent contractors, including: (i) minimum
wage requirements; (ii) working hours limitations; (iii) requiring companies to pay healthcare subsidies under certain circumstances;
and (iv) requiring companies to provide or make available occupational accident insurance and accidental death insurance to their
app-based drivers. Other states such as New York and New Jersey, two of our potential markets, are also considering legislation designed
to change the status of gig workers from independent contractors to employees, or at least provide some of the wage, hour and benefit
guarantees currently provided to traditional employees to gig workers. We anticipate that classification status will continue to be an
unsettled area of law for the foreseeable future. Changes in classification can result in a change to various requirements associated
with the payment of wages, tax withholding, and the provision of unemployment, health, and other traditional employer-employee related
benefits. While we currently classify all WSEs as employees, our business plans potentially include the use of large numbers of independent
contractors. 

If we are unable to utilize independent contractors,
or the cost to use independent contractors becomes more expensive, our future growth opportunities may be limited or reduced. Costs or
delays associated with revising our services to account for changes in the status of employees and independent contractors may have a
significant impact on our future growth. Changes to the law may impact the desirability or applicability of our business model, which
could impact our ability to continue as a going concern. 

39 

Our sponsorship of the SPACs creates a
risk that we will be categorized as an investment company that is subject to registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the
 1940 Act ). 

Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the 1940 Act
defines investment company to mean any issuer that is engaged or proposes to engage in the business of investing, reinvesting,
owning, holding, or trading in securities, and owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the
value of such issuer s total assets. Such investment companies are required to register and meet other requirements promulgated
under the 1940 Act. Our investment in IHC and the other SPACs discussed above could give rise to a determination that we are an investment
company subject to registration under the 1940 Act. Such a determination could have a material adverse effect on our business operations,
projected revenues and earnings, and growth prospects. 

We intend to conduct our operations so that we
will not be deemed to be an investment company. Each SPAC IPO registration statement and related prospectus includes an exception permitting
us to transfer our ownership in the founder shares at any time to the extent that we determine, in good faith, that such transfer is
necessary to ensure that we comply with the 1940 Act. However, if we were deemed to be an investment company, restrictions imposed by
the 1940 Act, including limitations on our capital structure and our ability to transact with affiliates, could make it impractical for
us to continue our business as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

Financial Market Risks 

Our Common Stock is thinly traded, which
can cause volatility in its price. 

Our Common Stock is listed for trading on the
Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC Nasdaq ), and is thinly traded. Thinly traded stock can be more susceptible to market volatility.
This market volatility could significantly affect the market price of our common stock without regard to our operating performance. Securities
markets worldwide experience significant price and volume fluctuations. In addition, the price of our common stock could be subject to
wide fluctuations in response to the following factors, among others: 

a
 deviation in our results from the expectations of public market analysts and investors; 

statements
 by research analysts about our common stock, our company or our industry; 

changes
 in market valuations of companies in industries to which our company is compared and market
 evaluations of our industries in which our company is deemed to be operating generally; 

actions
 taken by our competitors; 

sales
 or other issuances of common stock by us, our senior officers, directors or other affiliates; 

trading
 activity by investment speculators in various securities related to the Company, including
 trading in call options, put options, or engaging in short selling , which may
 or may not be related to the Company s actual business condition or operating results;
 or 

other
 general economic, political or market conditions, many of which are beyond our control. 

The market price of our Common Stock will also
be impacted by our quarterly operating results which can fluctuate from quarter to quarter. 

A controlling stake of our common stock
is closely held by our board of directors Chair and CEO, Scott W. Absher, which may limit a minority shareholder from influencing corporate
governance. 

Approximately 49.5 of our issued and outstanding
common stock is held by our board of directors Chair, Chief Executive Officer, and one of our founders, Scott W. Absher, without giving
effect to the potential exercise of outstanding Preferred Options and their conversion into common stock, as discussed below. (Mr. Absher
is the beneficial owner of approximately 50.4 of our outstanding voting securities, assuming that he exercises all of his outstanding
12,500,000 Preferred Options, (which are only exercisable if certain events occurred, as detailed below), and the preferred stock underlying
his Preferred Options is converted into an equal number of shares of our common stock). As a controlling shareholder, Mr. Absher
can continue to possess significant influence and likely can elect and continue to elect a majority of our board of directors and authorize
or prevent proposed significant corporate transactions. Mr. Absher s ownership and control may also have the effect of delaying
or preventing a future change in control, impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination, or discourage a potential
acquirer from making a tender offer. Individual shareholders with a minority, non-controlling stake may have limited influence over shareholder
matters. 

40 

In September 2016, our founding shareholders,
or Option Shareholders , were granted 24,634,550 options to acquire our preferred stock, or Preferred Options .
The number of Preferred Options granted was based upon the number of shares held by the Option Shareholders at that time. The Preferred
Options are nontransferable and forfeited upon the sale of the related founding shares of common stock. Upon the occurrence of the Vensure
Asset Sale, (as defined below), in January 2020, the Option Shareholders could exercise each Preferred Option to purchase one share
of our preferred stock for 0.0001 per share. Through November 30, 2020, a total of 12,794,220 Preferred Options were exercised
and converted into common stock. On June 4, 2020, Mr. Absher, our Chief Executive Officer, exercised 12,500,000 Preferred Options
to purchase 12,500,000 shares of our preferred stock for an aggregate purchase price of 1,250. Immediately following the exercise of
the Preferred Options described above, Mr. Absher elected to convert the 12,500,000 shares of preferred stock into 12,500,000 shares
of common stock, which are subject to a 24-month lock-up period during which such shares may not be traded. Between July 20, 2020
and November 30, 2020, an additional 294,490 Preferred Options were exercised and converted into 294,490 shares of common stock,
which were subject to a six-month lock up period at the time they were issued, during which such shares could not be traded on the open
market. As of the date of this Form 10-K, the restrictions on 294,490 of these shares have been lifted, rendering them freely tradeable,
while 11,827,500 Preferred Options issued pursuant to the September 2016 grant and triggered by the Vensure Asset Sale remain unexercised.
On October 22, 2021, our board of directors cancelled 11,790,000 of these Preferred Options previously issued to our co-founder,
J. Stephen Holmes, pursuant to the September 2016 grant. Accordingly, these Preferred Options are no longer exercisable. 

The amount of Preferred Options, and the number
of shares of preferred stock issuable upon exercise of such options, is based upon the number of shares of common stock held by the Option
Shareholders at the time the Preferred Options were issued in September 2016. Accordingly, in order to confirm the original intent
of the granting of up to 25,000,000 Preferred Options to Mr. Absher, it has always been our intent to adopt a second grant of Preferred
Options granting an additional 12,500,000 Preferred Options to Mr. Absher, whereby each option permits the holder to acquire one
share of our preferred stock for 0.0001 per share. On August 13, 2021, consistent with this intent, we granted 12,500,000 Preferred
Options to Mr. Absher to purchase shares of our Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, for consideration of 0.0001 per share.
Each Preferred Option is exercisable for a period of twenty-four months upon (i) the acquisition of a Controlling Interest (as defined
below) in the Company by any single shareholder or group of shareholders acting in concert, (other than Mr. Absher), or (ii) the
announcement of (x) any proposed merger, consolidation, or business combination in which our Common Stock is changed or exchanged,
or (y) any sale or distribution of at least 50 of our assets or earning power, other than through a reincorporation. Each share
of Preferred Stock is convertible into Common Stock on a one-for-one basis. Controlling Interest means the ownership or
control of outstanding voting shares of the Company sufficient to enable the acquiring person, directly or indirectly and individually
or in concert with others, to exercise one-fifth or more of all the voting power of the Company in the election of directors or any other
business matter on which shareholders have the right to vote under the Wyoming Business Corporation Act. 

If we are unable to continue to meet the
listing requirements of Nasdaq, our common stock will be delisted. 

Our common stock currently trades on Nasdaq,
where it is subject to various listing requirements including minimum per share prices. During Fiscal 2020, prior to effecting the 1
for 40 reverse stock split in December 2019 that is described elsewhere in this Form 10-K, we were notified by Nasdaq that
we were not in compliance with certain of these listing requirements, and that failure to correct these deficiencies would result in
delisting. We were able to address Nasdaq s concerns, and have been assured by Nasdaq that we are currently in full compliance
with all of its listing requirements. If we are not able to meet Nasdaq s listing standards in the future, we could be subject
to suspension and delisting proceedings. A delisting of our common stock and our inability to list on another national securities market
could negatively impact us by: (i) reducing the liquidity and market price of our common stock; (ii) reducing the number of
investors willing to hold or acquire our common stock, which could negatively impact our ability to raise equity financing; (iii) limiting
our ability to use a registration statement to offer and sell freely tradable securities, thereby preventing us from accessing the public
capital markets; and (iv) impairing our ability to provide equity incentives to our employees. 

We are an emerging growth company 
under the JOBS Act, and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make
our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We are and will remain an emerging growth
company as defined in the JOBS Act until the earlier of (a) the last day of the fiscal year (i) following the fifth
anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, which was in June 2017, (ii) in which we have total annual gross
revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (iii) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value
of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior August 31; and (b) the date on which
we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. As long as we remain an emerging
growth company , we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public
companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we rely on some or all of these
exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common
stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 

41 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act
also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In
other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would
otherwise apply to private companies. We will take advantage of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting
standards, which may make it more difficult for investors and securities analysts to evaluate us since our financial statements may not
be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates, which may result in less investor confidence. 

General Risk Factors 

Third parties may claim we infringe their
intellectual property rights. 

From time to time, others claim we infringe their
intellectual property rights. The number of these claims may grow because of constant technological change in the markets in which we
compete, the extensive patent coverage of existing technologies and the rapid rate of issuance of new patents. To resolve these claims,
we may enter into royalty and licensing agreements on terms that are less favorable than currently available, stop selling or redesign
affected products or services, or pay damages to satisfy indemnification commitments to our customers. These outcomes may cause operating
margins to decline. Besides money damages, equitable relief is available in some jurisdictions that, if granted, could limit or eliminate
our ability to import, market, or sell our products or services that contain infringing technologies. 

Our business depends on our ability to
attract and retain talented employees. 

Our business is based on successfully attracting
and retaining talented employees. The market for highly skilled workers and leaders in our industry is extremely competitive. If we are
less successful in our recruiting efforts, or if we cannot retain key employees, our ability to develop and deliver services successfully
may be adversely affected. If we cannot hire additional qualified personnel, we may continue to have internal control weaknesses. Effective
succession planning is also important to our long-term success. Failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions
involving key employees could hinder our strategic planning and execution. How employment- related laws are interpreted and applied to
our workforce practices may result in increased operating costs and less flexibility in how we meet our workforce needs. 

Catastrophic events or geopolitical conditions
may disrupt our business. 

Monetary and fiscal policies and political and
economic conditions may substantially change. When there is a slowdown in the economy, employment levels may decrease with a corresponding
impact on our businesses. 

Clients may react to worsening conditions by
reducing their spending on payroll and other outsourcing services or renegotiating their contracts with us. 

Worsening economic conditions, including inflation,
recession, or other changes in economic conditions, may cause businesses to rely less on vendors in our business, which could adversely
affect our revenue. If demand for our services declines, or business spending for such services declines, our revenue will be adversely
affected. 

Challenging economic conditions also may impair
the ability of our customers to pay for products and services they have purchased. As a result, allowances for doubtful accounts and
write-offs of accounts receivable may increase. 

We are dependent upon various large banks to
execute Automated Clearing House and wire transfers as part of our client payroll and tax services. A systemic shutdown of the banking
industry would impede our ability to process funds on behalf of our payroll and tax services clients and could have an adverse impact
on our financial results and liquidity. 

42 

A disruption or failure of our systems or operations
because of a major earthquake, weather event, cyber-attack, terrorist attack, fire, pandemic, (including the COVID-19 pandemic), or other
catastrophic event could cause delays in completing sales, providing services, or performing other critical functions. A significant
portion of our research and development activities and certain other essential business operations are located in the Irvine, California
area, which is a seismically active region, and the Miami, Florida area, which is subject to extreme seasonal weather events such as
hurricanes and flooding. A catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of any of our critical business or IT systems
could harm our ability to conduct normal business operations. California has also experienced destructive fires recently. As a result
of these fires, power and utilities are occasionally shut off to parts of the state. A fire or risk of fire may result in damage to our
facilities, the temporary or permanent shut down of our or our clients facilities, disruption to our power supply or utilities,
or other disruptions that may harm our ability to conduct business. 

Abrupt political change and terrorist activity
may pose threats to our business and increase our operating costs. These conditions also may add uncertainty to the timing and budget
for technology investment decisions by our customers and may cause supply chain disruptions for hardware manufacturers. Geopolitical
change may result in changing regulatory requirements that could impact our operating strategies, hiring, and profitability. 

Changes in tax laws or regulations that
are applied adversely to us or our customers may have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, financial condition, or results
of operations. 

In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the CARES
Act was signed into law in March 2020. The CARES Act modifies certain of the changes made by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the
 Tax Act ). Changes in corporate tax rates, the realization of net deferred tax assets relating to our U.S. operations, and
the deductibility of expenses under the Tax Act, as amended by the CARES Act, or future tax reform legislation could have a material
impact on the value of our deferred tax assets, could result in significant one-time charges in the current or future taxable years,
and could increase our future U.S. tax expense. The foregoing items, as well as any other future changes in tax laws, could have a material
adverse effect on our business, cash flow, financial condition, or results of operations. In addition, it is uncertain if and to what
extent various states will conform to the Tax Act, as amended by the CARES Act, or any newly enacted federal tax legislation. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff
Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

Principal Offices 

We lease space for our principal offices at 501
Brickell Key Drive, Suite 300, Miami, FL 33131. Our landlord is Courvoisier Centre, LLC. We began leasing 13,246 square feet on
October 1, 2020. The lease term is for eighty-four (84) months, with an expiration date of September 30, 2027. 

ShiftPixy Labs 

We lease space for ghost kitchens and production
facilities associated with ShiftPixy Labs at 4101 NW 25 Street, Miami, Florida 33142. Our landlord is Runway 1 LLC. We began leasing
23,500 square feet on November 1, 2020. The lease term is for 64 months, with an expiration date of February 28, 2026. 

Other Offices 

We lease space primarily to house software and
technology development personnel at 1 Venture, Suite 150, Irvine, California 92618. Our landlord is Olen Commercial Realty
Corporation. We began leasing 8,500 square feet on April 15, 2016. In July 2017, we entered into a second lease for 2,713 square
feet of expansion space in the same building. In May 2019, we entered into a third lease for 1,261 square feet. We extended the
term on the first two leases at the time we executed the third lease. The landlord, lease term, and an expiration date of June 30,
2022 are the same for all three leases. 

Effective June 7, 2021, we entered into
a sublease agreement with Verifone, Inc. to sublease premises consisting of approximately 8,000 square feet of office space located
at 501 Brickell Key Drive, Suite 205, Miami, Florida 33131, that we anticipate using for our sales and operations workforce. The
lease has a term of three years expiring on May 31, 2024. The base rent is paid monthly and escalates annually pursuant to a schedule
set forth in the sublease. 

43 

Effective June 21, 2021, we entered into
a 77-month lease agreement, with anticipated possession date of March 1, 2022, for premises consisting of approximately 13,418 square
feet of office space located at 13450 West Sunrise Boulevard, Suite 650, Sunrise, Florida 33323. Our landlord is Foundry ASVRF Sawgrass,
LLC. We anticipate using this space primarily to house our operations personnel and other elements of our workforce. The base rent is
paid monthly and escalates annually pursuant to a schedule set forth in the lease. 

We consider these spaces and arrangements to
be sufficient for our current needs, although as we expand existing operations or open other offices in other cities, we will need to
secure leases in those cities as well. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

In the normal course of business, we are subject
to various claims and litigation. While the outcome of any litigation is inherently unpredictable, we believe that we have valid defenses
with respect to the legal matters pending against us and that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a materially adverse
impact on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows, except as discussed in Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements, Commitments and Contingencies, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

44 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s
Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Trading History 

Our common stock was listed for trading on Nasdaq
on June 28, 2017, under the symbol PIXY. 

The table below sets forth the high and low closing
sales prices of our common stock on Nasdaq for the periods indicated, after giving retroactive effect to the reverse stock split discussed
below. 

2021 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter 
 4.50 
 2.02 
 
 Second Quarter 
 4.69 
 2.27 
 
 Third Quarter 
 4.10 
 2.02 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 3.85 
 1.32 

2020 

First Quarter 
 20.00 
 9.6 
 
 Second Quarter 
 19.25 
 7.22 
 
 Third Quarter 
 9.69 
 3.92 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 6.16 
 3.44 

Number of Equity Security Holders 

As of November 29, 2021, the Company had
21 holders of record of our common stock. This does not include beneficial owners holding common stock in street name. As such, the number
of beneficial holders of our shares could be substantially larger than the number of shareholders of record. 

Dividends 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends
on our common stock. For the foreseeable future, we intend to retain any earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business,
and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion
of the board of directors and will be dependent upon then existing conditions, including our financial condition and results of operations,
capital requirements, contractual restrictions, business prospects and other factors that the board of directors considers relevant. 

There are no restrictions in our articles of
incorporation or bylaws that prevent us from declaring dividends. The Wyoming Statutes, however, prohibit us from declaring dividends
where, after giving effect to the distribution of the dividend: 

we
 would not be able to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of business; or 

our
 total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities plus (unless the articles
 of incorporation permit otherwise) the amount that would be needed, if the corporation were
 to be dissolved at the time of the distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights upon
 dissolution of shareholders whose preferential rights are superior to those receiving the
 distribution. 

Reverse Stock Split 

On December 17, 2019, the Company effected
a 1 for 40 reverse stock split. All common shares and common stock equivalents are presented retroactively to reflect the reverse split. 

45 

Sale of Unregistered Securities 

Stock Option / Stock Issuance Plan 

In March 2017, the Company adopted its 2017
Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan (the Plan ). The Plan provides incentives to eligible employees, officers, directors and
consultants in the form of incentive stock options ISOs ), non-qualified stock options NQs ), (each of which
is exercisable into shares of common stock) (collectively, Options or shares of common stock Share Grants ). 

On July 1, 2020, our board of directors
unanimously approved an increase in the number of shares of common stock issuable under the Plan from 250,000 to 3,000,000 and granted
Options that were contingent upon shareholder approval. On March 31, 2021, the Company s shareholders approved the increase
in the number of shares of common stock issuable under the Plan as well as the various contingent grant awards under the Plan since July 1,
2020. Effective with the shareholders approval, all previously unexercisable Options became exercisable and the Options granted
since July 1, 2020 were no longer subject to any contingency not set forth in the Plan. 

On June 4, 2021, the Company filed with
the SEC a registration statement on Form S-8 for the purpose of registering an aggregate of 3,000,000 shares, par value 0.0001
per share, reserved for issuance under the Plan. 

Approximately 462,624 of the Options have been
forfeited and returned to the option pool under the Plan as a consequence of employment terminations during Fiscal 2021. 

Of the Options awarded, 1,528,000 are designated
as ISOs and 100,000 are designated as NQs or non-statutory options under the Code. These Options have a 10-year life and
will vest over time as follows: 25 vest after a 12-month service period following the award, and the balance vest in equal quarterly
installments over the next 12 quarters of service. 

Item 6. Selected Consolidated
Financial Data 

As a smaller reporting company, we have elected
not to provide the information required by this item. 

Item 7. Management s
Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation. 

The following discussion of our financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes, and other financial
information included in this Form 10-K. 

Our Management s Discussion and Analysis
contains not only statements that are historical facts, but also statements that are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are,
by their very nature risky, and are subject to uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those
expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K. These risks and uncertainties include international, national,
and local general economic and market conditions; our ability to sustain, manage, or forecast growth; our ability to successfully make
and integrate acquisitions; new product development and introduction; existing government regulations and changes in, or the failure
to comply with, government regulations; adverse publicity; competition; the loss of significant customers or suppliers; fluctuations
and difficulty in forecasting operating results; change in business strategy or development plans; business disruptions; the ability
to attract and retain qualified personnel; the ability to protect technology; the risk of foreign currency exchange rate; and other risks
that might be detailed from time to time in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements
to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this Form 10-K . 

Although
the forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can
only be based on facts and factors currently known by them. You are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made
by us in this Form 10-K as we attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations and prospects. For a more detailed discussion of the inclusion of forward-looking statements in
this Form 10-K, please refer to the discussion, above, entitled Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
and Information. 

46 

Overview 

Our current business, and the primary source
of our revenues to date, has been under a human capital fee-based SAAS business model. We have developed a comprehensive HRIS platform
designed to provide real-time, agile business intelligence information for our clients as well as an employment marketplace designed
to match client opportunities with a large workforce under a digital umbrella. Our market focus is to use this traditional approach,
coupled with developed technology, to address underserved markets containing predominately lower wage employees with high turnover, beginning
with light industrial, services, and food and hospitality markets. We provide human resources, employment compliance, insurance-related,
payroll, and operational employment services solutions for our clients and shift work or gig opportunities for WSEs (or shifters). As
consideration for providing these services, we receive administrative or processing fees, typically as a percentage of a client s
gross payroll, process and file payroll taxes and payroll tax returns, provide workers compensation insurance, and provide employee
benefits. We have built a substantial business on a recurring revenue model since our inception in 2015. For Fiscal 2021, we processed
approximately 79 million of payroll billings, our primary operating metric. Despite the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the
worldwide economic crisis, by the end of Fiscal 2021 our billings had recovered to pre-pandemic levels, reaching over 3,000 WSEs on a
recurring basis and annual billings growth of 14 million, representing a 22 increase above Fiscal 2020 gross payroll billings. 

For the current fiscal year we have incurred
approximately 30 million in operating losses, which were driven primarily by substantial investments in our technology platform, our
SPAC sponsorships and our ShiftPixy Labs growth initiative, as well as by necessary upgrades to our back-office operations to facilitate
servicing a large WSE base under a traditional staffing model. 

For most of Fiscal 2021, our primary focus was
on clients in the restaurant and hospitality industries, (market segments typically characterized by high employee turnover and low pay
rates), and healthcare industries typically employing specialized personnel that command higher pay rates. We believe that these industries
are better served by our HRIS platform and related mobile application, which provide payroll and human resources tracking for our clients
and which we believe result in lower operating costs, improved customer experience and revenue growth acceleration. California continued
to be our largest market during Fiscal 2021, accounting for approximately 70.3 of our gross billings during the year. Washington and
New Mexico represented our other significant markets during Fiscal 2021, representing approximately 10.8 and 7.6 , of our total revenues,
respectively. (Our other locations did not contribute revenue to a material degree.) All of our clients enter into CSAs with us or one
of our wholly owned subsidiaries. 

Our business focus during Fiscal 2021 was to
complete our HRIS platform and to expand that platform to position the Company for rapid billings growth as well as to expand our product
offerings to increase our monetization of our payroll billings. To that end, we identified and began to execute on various growth strategies
described above, including our sponsorship of various SPACs and our investment in our ShiftPixy Labs initiative. We expect that our execution
of these strategies, if successful, will yield significant customer growth driven by widespread adoption of our technology offerings,
which we believe represents a substantial value proposition to our clients as a valuable source of agile human capital business intelligence. 

Significant Developments in 2021 

Sponsorship of SPACs 

On April 29, 2021, (as detailed in Item
1, above), we announced our sponsorship of four SPAC IPOs. The IHC IPO closed on October 22, 2021, raising gross proceeds for IHC
of 115 million. IHC currently intends to use the proceeds of the IHC IPO to acquire companies in the light industrial segment of the
staffing industry, and our goal is to enter into CSAs with IHC following its IBC. Immediately following the IHC IPO, IHC began to
evaluate acquisition candidates. IHC s goal is to complete its IBC within one year of consummation of the IHC IPO. 

We currently anticipate that two of our remaining
sponsored SPACs, Vital and TechStackery, will seek to raise approximately 100 million each in capital investment to acquire companies
in the healthcare and technology segments of the staffing industry, respectively. We expect that our other remaining sponsored SPAC,
Firemark, will seek to raise approximately 100 million in capital investment to acquire one or more insurance entities to provide workers 
compensation and related insurance products. We currently own approximately 15 of the issued and outstanding stock of IHC, and we expect
to own approximately 20 of each of the other SPACs upon their IPOs being declared effective and consummated, (which equity stake is
likely to decrease). Assuming that the IPOs of each of the remaining SPACs are consummated pursuant to the same pricing terms of the
IHC IPO, we expect to invest, through Investments, an aggregate amount of 17,531,408 in the SPACs (or up to 18,656,408 if the over-allotment
option of each SPAC is exercised in full) through the purchase of placement warrants in addition to our initial 25,000 investment for
the purchase of our Founder Shares in each SPAC. These investment amounts set forth above do not include loans that we may extend to
each SPAC in an amount not to exceed 500,000 individually, (or 2 million in the aggregate), in our role as sponsor for the purpose
of funding various organizational expenses of the SPACs. 

47 

We expect each SPAC to operate as a separately
managed, publicly traded entity following the completion of their respective IBCs, or De-SPAC . We anticipate entering into
CSAs with each of the staffing entities that will allow them to participate in our HRIS platform. We also expect to facilitate the procurement
of workers compensation, personal liability, and other similar insurance products for these staffing entities through our anticipated
relationship with Firemark, assuming that it is able to consummate its IPO and complete the De-SPAC process successfully. 

We believe that our sponsorship of the SPACs
seeking to complete IBCs with entities in the staffing industry has the potential to generate significant revenues and earnings for us,
while also supporting a favorable business model for the SPACs. Similarly, we believe that Firemark has the potential to benefit from
a relationship with us through both business referrals and licensed access to our technology, which should provide the means to expand
its business in a profitable manner if and when it becomes operational. 

ShiftPixy Labs 

On July 29, 2020, we announced the launch
of ShiftPixy Labs, which includes the development of ghost kitchens in conjunction with our wholly-owned subsidiary, ShiftPixy Ghost
Kitchens, Inc. Through this initiative, we intend to bring various food delivery concepts to market that will combine with our HRIS
platform to create an easily replicated, comprehensive food preparation and delivery solution. The initial phase of this initiative is
being implemented in our dedicated kitchen facility located in close proximity to our Miami headquarters, which we are already showcasing
through the distribution of video programming on social media produced and distributed by our wholly-owned subsidiary, ShiftPixy Productions, Inc.
If successful, we intend to replicate this initiative in similarly constructed facilities throughout the United States and in selected
international locations. We also intend to provide similar services via mobile kitchen concepts, all of which will be heavily reliant
on our HRIS platform and which we believe will capitalize on trends observed during the COVID-19 pandemic toward providing customers
with a higher quality prepared food delivery product that is more responsive to their needs. 

The idea of ShiftPixy Labs, (as described in
Item 1, above), originated from discussions with our restaurant clients, combined with our observations of industry trends that appear
to have accelerated during the pandemic. Beginning in Calendar 2020, we recognized a significant uptick in the use of mobile applications
to order take-out food either for individual pickup or third-party delivery, which grew even more dramatically as the pandemic took hold.
Not surprisingly, the establishment of fulfillment kitchens for third party delivery also spread rapidly during this time period, initially
among national fast food franchise chains but then among smaller QSRs. 

We believe that the restaurant industry is in
the midst of a food fulfillment paradigm shift that will ultimately result in the widespread use of ghost kitchens in a
shared environment. Similar to shared office work locations, a shared kitchen can provide significant cost efficiencies and savings compared
to the cost of operating multiple retail restaurant locations. Coupled with ShiftPixy s technology stack, which includes order
delivery and dispatch, we believe that the ghost kitchen solutions that emerge from ShiftPixy Labs will provide a robust and effective
delivery order fulfillment option for our clients. 

We have also observed the growing impact of social
media platforms over the past five years, a trend which has accelerated through the pandemic. As this trend has gained steam, many social
media influencers have successfully capitalized on their popularity by establishing new business concepts in a variety of industries,
including within the QSR space. Some of these QSRs are identified as virtual restaurants with delivery-only service fulfilled
by centralized ghost kitchens. We intend to capitalize on this trend by creating an extensive social media presence for ShiftPixy Labs. 

Many restaurant entrepreneurs have also become
successful during the pandemic by moving outside through the use of mobile food trucks, which can be used as a launching point for restaurants
and ultimately expanded to traditional indoor dining locations. We have researched this phenomenon and, coupled with our experience in
the restaurant industry, believe a significant business opportunity exists to assist with the fulfillment of new restaurant ideas and
rapidly expand those ideas across a broad geographic footprint utilizing centralized ghost kitchen fulfillment centers. Again, we believe
that ShiftPixy Labs will provide solutions that will facilitate the rapid growth of these new businesses, through a combination of centralized
ghost kitchens and an available pool of human capital resources provided through our HRIS platform, as well as through other business
assistance provided by our management team. 

48 

During Fiscal 2021, we established an industrial
facility in Miami that we expect to be fully completed and operational shortly. We are equipping this facility with ten standardized
kitchen stations in both single and double kitchen configurations built within standard cargo container shells. We expect this facility,
upon completion, to function as a state of the art ghost kitchen space that will be used to incubate restaurant ideas through collaboration
and partnerships with local innovative chefs, resulting in sound businesses that provide recurring revenue to us in a variety of ways,
both through direct sales and utilization of the ShiftPixy Ecosystem, our HRIS platform, and other human capital services that we provide.
To the extent that this business model is successful and can be replicated in other locations, it has the potential to contribute significant
revenue to us in the future. 

We may also take equity stakes in various branded
restaurants that we develop and operate with our partners through ShiftPixy Labs. Such ownership interests will be held to the extent
that it is consistent with our continued existence as an operating company, and to the extent that we believe such ownership interests
have the potential to create significant value for our shareholders. 

Software Development 

We believe that our HRIS platform and the related
mobile functionality that we are developing will be key differentiators and drivers of our low-cost customer acquisition strategy. As
such, we have invested heavily in our HRIS platform over the past five years. 

The heart of ShiftPixy s employment services
solutions is a technology platform, including a smartphone application, through which our WSEs will be able to find available shifts
at our clients locations, solving a problem of finding available shifts for both the shifters looking for additional shifts when
they want to work and businesses looking to fill open shifts. 

A key element of our software development involves
using our blockchain ledger to process and record our critical Peer-to-Peer P2P connections. While not necessarily a
new development, we note that we intend to use blockchain technology to keep our data secure. Any data considered to be a human capital
validation point or part of the hiring and onboarding process will be utilized and recorded in our blockchain ledger. For example, we
expect the employee I-9 verification process one of the most stringent, rigorous, and penalty-laden compliance procedures 
to be positively impacted by blockchain utilization of biometric authentication and automatic verification of I-9 data, removing human
error in the process of screening for fraudulent information. Verification of that data on the blockchain will allow both employers and
auditing agencies to confidently validate additional criteria such as employment dates, and candidates backgrounds (i.e. education,
references, certifications, etc.), and share the verification status directly on multiple distributed sources within the blockchain,
further underscoring the reliability and accuracy of candidates information and corporate compliance. 

Future implementation of blockchain technology
within the ShiftPixy Ecosystem is anticipated to include extended applications for payroll and real-time payments, and utilization of
smart contracts for employment contracts, which will facilitate recording of credible, trackable, and irreversible transactions without
third parties. For purposes of clarification, we note that ShiftPixy has never, does not now and will never use its blockchain technology
in any form of cryptocurrency or cryptocurrency-related application. 

Our smartphone application is one of the software
components of what we call the mobile platform, and together with the ShiftPixy Command Hub and the client portal, is being
developed, tested and released in stages. We have released and are currently using the multilingual onboarding feature of our software,
which enables us to capture all application process related data regarding our assigned WSEs and to introduce WSEs to and integrate them
into the ShiftPixy Ecosystem. This multilingual feature will allow us to move faster into outside markets and will reduce the time and
cost to bring new WSEs onto our HRIS platform. 

Our smartphone onboarding functionality streamlines
the typical burdensome pile of new employee paperwork into a seamless user-friendly workflow that is fully compliant with governmental
requirements. By leveraging artificial intelligence capabilities, new hires are guided by a conversation with a Pixy chatbot
that asks the necessary questions and generates the required employment documents in a highly personal and engaging way. Following completion
of the questions, applicable onboarding paperwork is prepopulated with the data and prepared for the employee s signature to be
affixed digitally via the app as well. 

We believe that our technology and approach to
human capital management provides our clients management with a unique real-time business intelligence window into their human
capital needs. In addition to standard management reporting, our technology provides real-time tools for management to quickly assess
and plan their human capital staffing requirements. 

Prior to March 2019, we primarily used turnkey
contract software development firms to build the software code, mobile application, and license integrations required to build the functional
solution, with our internal personnel maintaining principally an oversight role. Beginning in March 2019, we hired and assembled
an internal development team for cost-cutting and for better feature and implementation control. Our development team was fully in place
by August 2019 and focused on delivering a version of our mobile application and software solution using a combination of third-party
licensed software and internally developed software. 

49 

We began building our internal software development
team and transitioned away from our former software development vendor to expedite our technology deployment. We launched version 2.0
of our mobile application and enhanced user features, including onboarding, scheduling and driver management, during the fourth quarter
of Calendar 2019. 

We continued our software development internally
primarily by focusing on feature enhancements such as delivery, scheduling, and onboarding functionality improvement, as well as better
integration and more seamless process flow improvements. We believe that this has resulted in an improved user experience, reduced internal
staff time required for onboarding, and increased trials of our future revenue generation features such as delivery and scheduling. Our
software development team has continued to focus on intermediation functionality and integration work designed to prepare our HRIS platform
to scale and support our growth initiatives described above. 

From inception of the project in Fiscal 2017 
through August 31, 2021, we spent approximately 26.9 million, consisting of outsourced research and development, IT related
expenses, development contractors and employee costs, as well as marketing spending consisting of advertising, trade shows, and personnel
costs. The following table shows the technology and marketing spending for each fiscal year ended August 31: 

Development
 spending (in millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Contract development and licenses 

3.8 

2.3 

2.2 

6.6 

Internal personnel costs 

3.0 

1.9 

1.1 

0.2 

Total Development spending 

6.8 

4.2 

3.3 

6.8 

Marketing spending 

Advertising and Outside Marketing 

2.1 

0.6 

1.2 

0.5 

Internal personnel costs 

0.5 

0.4 

0.4 

0.2 

Subtotal, Marketing costs 

2.6 

1.0 

1.6 

0.7 

Total, HRIS platform and mobile application spending 

9.4 

5.2 

4.9 

7.5 

Cumulative Investment 

26.9 

20.7 

Portion of investment capitalized as fixed assets 

3.7 

Portion of investment expensed 

26.9 

17.0 

We capitalized no development spending into fixed
assets for Fiscal 2021, since the development activities related to our software, as defined by GAAP, was completed during Fiscal 2020.
For Fiscal 2019 and our fiscal year ended August 31, 2018 Fiscal 2018 ), we capitalized 0.9 million and 2.8 million,
respectively, of contract development spending into fixed assets. 

Offices Update 

In August 2020, we signed a lease to relocate
our corporate headquarters to Miami, Florida, and largely completed the relocation of our administrative, marketing and East Coast sales
and customer support staffs to Miami by the end of Calendar 2020. We currently maintain offices in California primarily for use by our
research and development team and our West Coast sales and customer support, and plan to continue to maintain these offices for the foreseeable
future. 

Effective October 1, 2020, we entered into
a non-cancelable 64-month lease for 23,500 square feet of light industrial space located in Miami, Florida, to house kitchen facilities,
video production facilities, and certain marketing and technical functions, including those associated with ShiftPixy Labs. The lease
contains escalation clauses relating to increases in real property taxes as well as certain maintenance costs. 

Effective June 7, 2021, we entered into
a sublease agreement with Verifone, Inc. to sublease premises consisting of approximately 8,000 square feet of office space located
in Miami, Florida, that we are currently using primarily for our operations workforce. The lease has a term of three years expiring on
May 31, 2024. The base rent is paid monthly and escalates annually pursuant to a schedule set forth in the sublease. 

50 

Effective June 21, 2021, we entered into
a 77-month lease agreement, with an anticipated possession date of March 1, 2022, for premises consisting of approximately 13,418
square feet of office space located in Sunrise, Florida. We anticipate using this space primarily to house our operations personnel and
other elements of our corporate workforce. The base rent is paid monthly and escalates annually pursuant to a schedule set forth in the
lease. 

Financing Activities 

During Fiscal 2021, we closed a 12 million public
offering in October 2020, and a 12 million private placement offering in May 2021. We also closed a 12 million private placement
offering in September 2021, shortly after our fiscal year-end. As of August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020, we had no convertible
debt outstanding and no warrants outstanding that carry anti-dilutive provisions, except as otherwise noted below. 

May 2021 Private Placement 

On May 17, 2021, we closed a private placement
with a large institutional investor pursuant to which we sold to the investor an aggregate of (i) 2,320,000 shares of our common
stock, together with warrants (the May 2021 Common Warrants to purchase up to 2,320,000 shares of our common stock,
with each May 2021 Common Warrant exercisable for one share of our common stock at a price per share of 2.425, and (ii) 2,628,453
prefunded warrants (the May 2021 Prefunded Warrants ), together with the May 2021 Common Warrants to purchase
up to 2,628,453 shares of our common stock, with each May 2021 Prefunded Warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock at a
price per share of 0.0001. Each share of our common stock and accompanying May 2021 Common Warrant were sold together at a combined
offering price of 2.425 and each May 2021 Prefunded Warrant and accompanying May 2021 Common Warrant were sold together at
a combined offering price of 2.4249. 

The May 2021 Prefunded Warrants were immediately
exercisable, at a nominal exercise price of 0.0001, and may be exercised at any time until all of the May 2021 Prefunded Warrants
are exercised in full. The May 2021 Common Warrants have an exercise price of 2.425 per share, were immediately exercisable, and
will expire on June 15, 2026. The private placement generated gross proceeds of approximately 12 million, prior to deducting 940,000
of costs consisting of placement agent commissions and offering expenses payable by us. In addition to the seven percent (7.0 of the
aggregate gross proceeds cash fee, we issued warrants to the placement agent to purchase an aggregate of up to five percent (5 of the
aggregate number of shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of the May 2021 Prefunded Warrants sold in the offering (the
 May Placement Agent Warrants ). The May Placement Agent Warrants are exercisable for a period commencing on November 17,
2021 (six months after issuance), expire June 15, 2025, and have an initial exercise price of 2.6675 per share. 

October 2020 Public Offering 

On October 8, 2020, we entered into an underwriting
agreement (the October Underwriting Agreement with A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners AGP ), in connection
with a public offering (the October 2020 Offering of an aggregate of (i) 4,000,000 shares of our common stock
and (ii) warrants to purchase 2,300,000 shares of our common stock (the October 2020 Common Warrants ), which
included the partial exercise of AGP s over-allotment option to purchase 300,000 additional October 2020 Common Warrants. 

Each share of our common stock was sold together
with an October 2020 Common Warrant as a fixed combination, with each share of our common stock sold being accompanied by an October 2020
Common Warrant to purchase 0.5 shares of our common stock. Each share of our common stock and accompanying October 2020 Common Warrant
was sold at a price to the public of 3.00. The October 2020 Common Warrants were immediately exercisable, will expire on October 14,
2025, and have an exercise price of 3.30 per share, subject to anti-dilution and other adjustments for certain stock splits, stock dividends,
or recapitalization. 

The October 2020 Offering closed on October 14,
2020, yielding gross proceeds to us of approximately 12.0 million, prior to deducting 1.4 million of costs consisting of underwriting
discounts and commissions and offering expenses payable by us, which includes a partial exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment
option to purchase additional October 2020 Common Warrants. Pursuant to the October Underwriting Agreement, we issued to AGP
warrants to purchase up to 200,000 shares of common stock (the October Underwriter Warrants ), which is equal to five
percent (5.0 of the aggregate number of shares of common stock sold in the October 2020 Offering. The October Underwriter
Warrants are exercisable at any time and from time to time, in whole or in part, commencing from six months after the closing date and
ending five years from the closing date, at a price per share equal to 3.30, which is 110 of the public offering price per share. 

51 

September 2021 PIPE Offering (Subsequent
to year-end) 

On September 3, 2021, we closed a private
placement with a large institutional investor pursuant to which we sold to the investor an aggregate of (i) 2,850,000 shares of
our common stock, together with warrants (the September 2021 Common Warrants to purchase up to 2,850,000 shares of
our common stock, with each September 2021 Common Warrant exercisable for one share of our common stock at a price per share of
 1.595, and (ii) 4,673,511 prefunded warrants (the September 2021 Prefunded Warrants ), together with the September 2021
Common Warrants to purchase up to 4,673,511 shares of our common stock, with each September 2021 Prefunded Warrant exercisable for
one share of our common stock at a price per share of 0.0001. Each share of our common stock and accompanying September 2021 Common
Warrant were sold together at a combined offering price of 1.595 and each September 2021 Prefunded Warrant and accompanying September 2021
Common Warrant were sold together at a combined offering price of 1.5949. 

The September 2021 Prefunded Warrants were
immediately exercisable, at a nominal exercise price of 0.0001, and may be exercised at any time until all of the September 2021
Prefunded Warrants are exercised in full. The September 2021 Common Warrants have an exercise price of 1.595 per share, are immediately
exercisable, and will expire five years from the date that the registration statement relating to the resale of the shares underlying
the September 2021 Common Warrants is declared effective (which has not yet occurred). The private placement generated gross proceeds
of approximately 12.0 million, prior to deducting 890,000 of costs consisting of placement agent commissions and offering expenses
payable by us. In addition to the seven percent (7.0 of the aggregate gross proceeds cash fee, we issued warrants to the placement
agent to purchase an aggregate of up to five percent (5.0 of the aggregate number of shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise
of the September 2021 Prefunded Warrants sold in the offering (the September Placement Agent Warrants ). The September Placement
Agent Warrants are exercisable for a period commencing on March 3, 2022 (six months after issuance) and expire four years from the
effective date (which has not yet occurred) of a registration statement for the resale of the underlying shares, and have an initial
exercise price of 1.7545 per share. 

Performance Highlights 

All figures below represent the continuing operations
of the Company after segregating the operations of the assets sold to Vensure pursuant to the Vensure Asset Sale. 

Fiscal 2021 vs. Fiscal 2020 

Served
 approximately 70 clients and employed an average of 3,000 WSEs, resulting in an increase in our administrative fees of approximately
 20 above Fiscal 2020. 

Processed
 over 79 million in gross billings from continuing operations, representing an increase of 20.5 from Fiscal 2020. Our Fiscal
 2021 continuing operations mix remained consistent with Fiscal 2020, primarily consisting of food and restaurant workers for QSRs. For
 further information, please refer to the section entitled Non-GAAP Financial Measures , below. 

Our financial performance for Fiscal 2021 compared to Fiscal 2020
included the following significant items: 

Revenues
 increased approximately 171 , to 23.4 million, from 8.6 million in Fiscal 2020. This revenue growth was due to the combination
of an increase in gross billings of 20.5 , to 79 million, from 65 million in Fiscal 2020, and the impact of the transition of some
of our existing clients to a staffing revenue recognition model during Fiscal 2021, as described below. Recurring WSE counts as of the
end of Fiscal 2021 averaged approximately 3,000, which is consistent with a recovery to our pre-pandemic WSE levels. Billings per WSE
increased to 26,000 due primarily to business recoveries achieved by our QSR clients as the pandemic subsided, combined with an increase
in the placement of nursing WSEs who earn higher wages and consequently generate higher billings. 

Revenue associated with administrative fees increased
by 20.0 , and tax revenues by 21.6 , both of which are consistent with our billed wages increase of 20.5 during Fiscal 2021. Revenue
associated with workers compensation premiums increased 236,000, or 14.7 , due to the migration of our WSEs to a guaranteed cost
program during Fiscal 2021 and a change in our client mix that resulted in lower billed workers compensation rates per wage dollar. 

52 

Impact
of change in CSAs on prospective revenue recognition and cost of revenues. During Fiscal 2021, as part of our annual review
process, we modified certain terms and conditions of our standard CSA applicable to a portion of our existing client base, which resulted
in us recognizing revenue generated by these clients pursuant to a staffing model on a prospective basis. The staffing revenue recognition
model provides for all gross billings, including employee payroll paid, to be recorded as revenue, and for cost of revenues to be recorded
to include the employee payroll paid. Accordingly, for Fiscal 2021, all such revenue increases as a result of this change also yielded
a corresponding increase in cost of revenues, and therefore had no impact on our gross margins. During Fiscal 2020, we recorded revenues
as net (i.e. excluding the employee payroll paid portion), and the employee payroll paid was also excluded from cost of revenues.
For further information, please refer to the section entitled Non-GAAP Financial Measures , below. 

For Fiscal 2021, gross billings from staffing
and HCM services totaled approximately 15.2 million and 63.8 million, representing 19 and 81 of our gross revenue, respectively.
For Fiscal 2020, all of our 65.5 million in gross billings came from HCM services. 

Gross
Profit decreased approximately 9.7 , or 0.6 million, compared to Fiscal 2020, due to additional workers compensation
premium costs and an increase in actuarial cost for our legacy workers compensation insurance program, offset by an increase in
gross profit associated with administrative fees and taxes. The additional workers compensation premium costs related to the migration
of our clients to a guaranteed cost program in Fiscal 2021, which increased our workers compensation expense compared to Fiscal
2020. 

Operating
expenses increased by 22.8 to 27.7 million for Fiscal 2021, from 22.5 million for Fiscal 2020. The increase in operating
expenses reflects the net effect of a 3.5 million reduction of non-recurring expense in Fiscal 2020 for asset impairment and 8.7 million
of increased costs associated with our growth initiatives detailed above, (including payroll-related costs of 3.9 million, professional
fees of 0.7 million, software development costs of 1.5 million, and costs classified in our statement of operations as general and
administrative expenses of 2.4 million). Payroll-related costs increased due primarily to hiring additional executive, operations, and
software development personnel to support our growth initiatives. Professional fees increased due to litigation arising in the normal
course of business and legal fees we paid on behalf of our sponsored SPACs. Software development costs were driven primarily by our continuing
investment in our HRIS platform, while general and administrative expenses grew primarily due to rent cost increases from our entry into
leases covering the following: (i) our principal executive offices in Miami, Florida; (ii) our ShiftPixy Labs facility in Miami,
Florida; and (iii) our new office facility in Sunrise, Florida, which will house the majority of our operations personnel and other
elements of our workforce. Other contributors to the increase in general and administrative expenses include non-recurring costs to relocate
certain employees, and marketing expenses related to our growth initiatives. 

Operating
loss increased by 5.8 million, or 26.7 , due to a decrease in gross margins of 0.6 million, and an increase of 5.8
million in operating expenses. 

Other
income (expense) increased to 0.1 million in Fiscal 2021, compared to expense totaling 68.9 during Fiscal 2020. The
change in other income (expense) is primarily non-recurring in nature, and stems from our issuance during Fiscal 2020 of Preferred Options
with an assigned value of 62.1 million to one of our co-founders, J. Stephen Holmes (which were cancelled unexercised subsequent to
the close of Fiscal 2021). Other contributors to the increase in other income for Fiscal 2021 as compared to Fiscal 2020 include increases
in combined interest expense, loss from debt conversion, inducement loss, and loss on debt extinguishment, offset by gains from the change
in fair value of derivatives and the gain on convertible note penalties related to the settlement and extinguishment of certain convertible
notes. 

Loss
from discontinued operations represents the reassessment of the workers' compensation claims reserve associated with our
former clients that we transferred to Vensure as part of the Vensure Asset Sale. Loss from discontinued operations increased to a 2.5
million loss in Fiscal 2021. 

Net
Loss decreased to 29.9 million or 0.88 per share, from 75.3 million or 4.13 per share. 

53 

Results of Operations 

Fiscal 2021 Compared
to Fiscal 2020 

The following table summarizes our consolidated
results of operations: 

For the
 year ended 

August 31, 
 2021 
 August 31, 
 2020 
 
 Revenues (gross billings of 79.0 million and
 65.5 million less worksite employee payroll cost of 55.6 million and 56.9 million, respectively) 
 23,420,000 
 8,642,000 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 23,098,000 
 7,685,000 
 
 Gross profit 
 322,000 
 957,000 

Operating expenses: 

Salaries, wages, and payroll taxes 
 11,100,000 
 7,227,000 
 
 Stock-based compensation general
 and administrative 
 1,594,000 
 1,526,000 
 
 Commissions 
 176,000 
 181,000 
 
 Professional fees 
 4,089,000 
 3,366,000 
 
 Software development - external 
 3,755,000 
 2,240,000 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 357,000 
 272,000 
 
 Impaired asset expense 
 
 3,543,000 
 
 General and administrative 
 6,596,000 
 4,180,000 
 
 Total operating
 expenses 
 27,667,000 
 22,535,000 

Operating Loss 
 (27,345,000 
 (21,578,000 

Other (expense) income: 

Interest expense 
 (5,000 
 (2,525,000 
 
 Change in fair value of note receivable 
 
 (1,074,000 
 
 Expense related to Preferred Options 
 
 (62,091,000 
 
 Expense related to modification of
 warrants 
 
 (21,000 
 
 Loss from debt conversion 
 
 (3,500,000 
 
 Inducement loss 
 
 (624,000 
 
 Loss on debt extinguishment 
 
 (1,592,000 
 
 Change in fair value derivative and
 warrant liability 
 
 1,777,000 
 
 Other income 
 25,000 

Gain on convertible
 note penalties accrual 
 
 760,000 
 
 Total other (expense)
 income 
 20,000 
 (68,890,000 
 
 Loss from continuing operations before
 income taxes 
 (27,325,000 
 (90,468,000 
 
 Income tax expense 
 42,000 

Loss from continuing operations 
 (27,367,000 
 (90,468,000 
 
 (Loss) Income from discontinued operations 

(Loss) Income from discontinued operations 
 (2,509,000 
 (561,000 
 
 Gain from asset
 sale 
 
 15,682,000 
 
 Total Income (Loss) from discontinued
 operations, net of tax 
 (2,509,000 
 15,121,000 

Net loss 
 (29,876,000 
 (75,347,000 

Net Loss per share, Basic and diluted 

Continuing operations 
 (0.81 
 (4.96 
 
 Discontinued operations 

Operating (loss) income 
 (0.07 
 (0.03 
 
 Gain on sale of
 assets 
 
 0.86 
 
 Total discontinued
 operations 
 (0.07 
 0.83 
 
 Net Loss per share of common stock
 Basic and diluted 
 (0.88 
 (4.13 

Weighted average common stock outstanding
 Basic and diluted 
 33,722,534 
 18,222,661 

54 

We report our revenues as gross billings, net of related direct labor
costs for our EAS clients and revenues without reduction of labor costs for staffing services clients. 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Net Revenues (in millions) 
 23.4 
 8.6 
 
 Increase (Decrease), year over year (in millions) 
 14.8 
 (1.9 
 
 Percentage Increase (Decrease), year over year 
 171.0 
 (17.3 
 
 Cost of Revenues (in millions) 
 (23.1 
 7.7 
 
 Increase (Decrease), year over year (in millions) 
 (15.4 
 (0.8 
 
 Percentage Increase (Decrease), year over year 
 200.6 
 (10.0 
 
 Gross Profit (in millions) 
 0.3 
 1.0 
 
 Increase (Decrease), year over year (in millions) 
 (0.6 
 (0.9 
 
 Percentage Increase (Decrease), year over year 
 (66.4 
 (50.0 
 
 Gross Profit Percentage of Revenues 
 1.4 
 11.1 

Fiscal 2021 

Net revenue for our HCM services excludes the
payroll cost component of gross billings. With respect to staffing services, employer payroll taxes, employee benefit programs, and workers 
compensation insurance, we believe that we are the primary obligor, and we have latitude in establishing price, selecting suppliers,
and determining the service specifications. As such, the billings for those components are included as revenue. Revenues are recognized
ratably over the payroll period as WSEs perform their services at the client worksite. 

Net
Revenue increased approximately 171.0 to 23.4 million, from 8.6 million in Fiscal 2020. The revenue increase
was due to a 20.5 increase in gross billings to 79 million from 65 million, combined with the effect of the transition of some of
our existing clients to a staffing revenue recognition model during Fiscal 2021, as described above. Recurring WSE counts as of the end
of Fiscal 2021 averaged approximately 3,000, which is consistent with recovery to our pre-pandemic WSE levels. Our gross billings from
staffing and HCM services totaled approximately 15.2 million and 63.8 million, representing 19 and 81 of our gross revenue, respectively. 

Revenue associated with administrative fees increased
by 20.0 , which is consistent with our billed wages increase of 20.5 as well as the 21.6 increase in our revenues associated with taxes
during Fiscal 2021. Revenue associated with workers compensation increased 236,000, or 14.7 , due to price increases related
to our migration to a guaranteed workers' compensation cost program during Fiscal 2021, combined with a change in our client mix yielding
lower billed workers compensation rates per wage dollar. 

Cost
of Revenues includes our costs associated with employer taxes, workers compensation insurance premiums, and
the gross wages paid by our staffing clients. Cost of revenues increased 15.4 million, or 200.6 , to 23.1 million in Fiscal 2021 from
 7.7 million in Fiscal 2020. The change in cost of revenues was due primarily to the conversion of certain existing clients to a staffing
revenue recognition model during Fiscal 2021, as described above. 

Gross
Profit decreased approximately 9.7 , or 0.6 million, compared to Fiscal 2020, primarily due to the migration
of our clients to a guaranteed cost program workers compensation program during Fiscal 2021. 

Net
loss decreased by 45.5 million, or 60.3 , from 75.3 million for Fiscal 2020 to 29.9 million for Fiscal 2021. This reduction
in net loss was due primarily to a decrease of 68.9 million in other expenses related to the Preferred Option exercises in Fiscal 2020,
(mitigated by a 15.7 million gain from the Vensure Asset Sale, also recorded in Fiscal 2020), which was offset by a 5.1 million increase
in operating losses during Fiscal 2021. 

55 

The following table presents certain information
related to our operating expenses: 

Year ended
 August 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 Change 

(in thousands) 
 (in thousands) 

Salaries, wages and payroll taxes 
 11,100 
 7,227 
 53.6 
 
 Share-based compensation 
 1,594 
 1,526 
 4.5 
 
 Commissions 
 176 
 181 
 (2.8 
 
 Professional fees 
 4,089 
 3,366 
 21.5 
 
 Software development 
 3,755 
 2,240 
 67.6 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 357 
 272 
 31.3 
 
 Asset impairment expense 
 
 3,543 
 (100.0 
 
 General and administrative 
 6,596 
 4,180 
 57.8 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 27,667 
 22,535 
 22.8 

Operating
expenses increased 5.1 million, or 22.8 , to 27.7 million in Fiscal 2021 from 22.5 million in Fiscal 2020. The components of operating
expenses changed as follows : 

Salaries,
wages and payroll taxes increased by approximately 3.9 million, or 53.6 , between Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2021, from 7.2
million to 11.1 million. This increase resulted primarily from hiring additional employees in the executive, operations, and software
development ranks of our business to support our various growth initiatives, including our SPAC sponsorships and ShiftPixy Labs. These
costs consisted of gross salaries, benefits, and payroll taxes associated with our executive management team and corporate employees.
Our corporate employee count increased from 45 employees at the end of Fiscal 2020 to 68 employees at the end of Fiscal 2021. As of the
date of this Form 10-K, we employed 88 individuals at our corporate facilities. 

Share-Based
compensation increased by 0.1 million, or 5 , to 1.6 million for Fiscal 2021. This increase was primarily due to
the increase in corporate employees during the year. 

Commissions
 consist of commissions payments made to third party brokers and inside sales personnel and remained consistent year over
year. 

Professional
fees consist of legal fees, accounting and public company costs, board fees, and consulting fees. Professional fees for
Fiscal 2021 increased by 0.7 million, or 21.5 , to 4.1 million, from 3.4 million for Fiscal 2020. The increase is primarily attributable
to an increase in legal fees paid related to several of our current active litigation. 

Software
development consists of costs associated with research and development outsourced to third parties. Software development
costs increased 1.5 million, or 67.6 , to 3.8 million for Fiscal 2021, from 2.2 million in Fiscal 2020. The increased costs are due
primarily to additional contracted developers to support our mobile application development. 

Depreciation
and amortization increased by 0.1 million, or 31.3 , for Fiscal 2021 as compared to Fiscal 2020 due to depreciation on
asset purchases during Fiscal 2021. 

Asset
impairment expense decreased by 3.5 million due to the non-recurring impairment of an asset identified in Fiscal 2020. 

General
and administrative expenses consist of office rent and related overhead, software licenses, insurance, penalties, business
taxes, travel and entertainment, and other general business expenses. General and administrative expenses for Fiscal 2021 increased by
 2.4 million, or 57.1 , to 6.6 million, from 4.2 million for Fiscal 2020. The increase was due primarily to increased rent costs arising
from new leases covering our principal executive offices, ShiftPixy Labs, and additional office space located in Sunrise, Florida to
house our operations personnel and other elements of our workforce. Other components of the increase include non-recurring costs related
to employee relocations, as well as marketing expenses related to our growth initiatives. 

56 

For the
 Years Ended 

August 31,
 
 2021 
 August 31,
 
 2020 
 
 Interest expense 
 (5,000 
 (2,525,000 
 
 Other income 
 25,000 

Change in fair value of note receivable 
 
 (1,074,000 
 
 Expense related to Preferred Options 
 
 (62,091,000 
 
 Expense related to modification of warrants 
 
 (21,000 
 
 Loss from debt conversion 
 
 (3,500,000 
 
 Inducement loss 
 
 (624,000 
 
 Loss on debt extinguishment 
 
 (1,592,000 
 
 Change in fair value of derivatives 
 
 1,777,000 
 
 Gain on convertible note penalties
 accrual 
 
 760,000 
 
 Total other income (expense) 
 (20,000 
 (68,890,000 

Other
income (expense) decreased from 68.9 million in expense for Fiscal 2020 to 0.042 million in expense for Fiscal 2021
as follows: 

Interest
expense consists of cash interest on interest bearing notes, financing charges for the excess of fair value over carrying
amounts of notes issued during any reporting period, amortization of recorded discount and associated deferred financing costs, and acceleration
of discounts and deferred financing costs due to early conversions on notes payable. Interest expense decreased 2.5 million to 0.5
million in Fiscal 2021. The decrease was due to lower interest expense and financing costs associated with our June 2018 and March 2019
convertible notes. The June 2018 convertible notes were fully amortized in September 2020, and the March 2019 convertible
notes were settled, repaid, or converted during Fiscal 2020. 

Other
income consists of a non-recurring insurance payment received in Fiscal 2021. 

Change
in fair value of note receivable consists of a fair value adjustment and amortization of the discount on the note receivable
that was recorded on January 1, 2020. No comparable fair value adjustment or amortization was recorded during Fiscal 2021. 

Expense
related to Preferred Options represents a non-recurring charge reflecting the fair value estimate of the Preferred Options
issued to our founders that were deemed to be exercisable in January 2020, and became exchangeable for common. 

Expense
related to modification of warrants represents the difference in fair value for the modification of warrants issued in
conjunction with the June 2018 convertible notes, the exercise price of which was reduced from 70 to 40 per share in December 2019.
No comparable expense was recognized during Fiscal 2021. 

Loss
from debt conversion represents the acceleration of the pro-rated remaining note discount and deferred financing fees
associated with the March 2019 convertible notes, as exchanged in either December 2019 or March 2020, that were either
converted or repaid in cash during Fiscal 2020. No comparable loss was recognized during Fiscal 2021. 

Inducement
loss represents the difference in fair value on the date of note conversion between the closing market price and the conversion
price per share for Fiscal 2020. No comparable loss was recognized during Fiscal 2021. 

Loss
on debt extinguishment represents the fair value of the common stock issued in exchange for the March 2019 Warrants
cancelled in the March 2020 convertible note amendment and exchange, and for the acceleration of the debt discount and deferred
financing fees associated with the remaining March 2019 or December 2019 convertible note exchange. These convertible notes
were amended in March 2020 and accounted for as debt extinguishment. No such transactions took place during Fiscal 2021. 

Change
in fair value derivatives represents the mark to market of our derivative liabilities created by the beneficial conversion
feature and related detachable warrants contained in the March 2019 convertible notes. No such change in fair value was recognized
in Fiscal 2021 

57 

Gain
on convertible note penalties accrual represents the recovery of previously accrued convertible note penalties related
to the June 2019 default. We settled all note related litigation, as described above and in Note 9 to the accompanying financial
statements, in January 2020, which resulted in a gain due to the release of 760,000 for accrued liabilities in excess of paid claims.
No such gain was recognized in Fiscal 2021. 

Loss
from continuing operations As a result of the explanations described above, the loss from continuing operations decreased
by 63.1 million, or 69.8 , from a 90.5 million loss for Fiscal 2020 to a 27.4 million loss for Fiscal 2021. The decrease is due to
non-recurring charges related to our recapitalization including expenses related to Preferred Options and convertible notes totaling
 68.9 million in Fiscal 2020, offset by a 5.7 million increase in operating loss. 

Discontinued operations 

For the
 Years Ended 

August 31,
 
 2021 
 August 31,
 
 2020 
 
 (Loss) Income from discontinued operations 
 (2,509,000 
 (561,000 
 
 Gain from asset sale 
 
 15,682,000 

Gain/loss
from discontinued operations . For Fiscal 2021, we recorded a loss primarily based upon our reassessment of our workers'
compensation claims reserve associated with the clients that we transferred to Vensure in connection with the Vensure Asset Sale. For
Fiscal 2020, we recorded both a loss from discontinued operations for the activity from September 1, 2019 until December 31, 2019 along
with losses associated with additional workers compensation claims reserves for the period January 1, 2020 through August 31,
2020; and a gain on certain business-related assets sold in connection with the Vensure Asset Sale, as described above and in Note 3
to the accompanying financial statements. 

Gain
from Asset Sale. During Fiscal 2020, we recognized a gain of approximately 15,682,000 as a result of the Vensure Asset
Sale, as described in Note 3 to the accompanying financial statements. No comparable transaction was recognized during Fiscal 2021. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Liquidity 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared in conformity with GAAP, which contemplate our continuation as a going concern. Historically, we have funded ourselves either
through cash flow from operations or the raising of capital through equity sales. If we are unable to obtain additional capital, we may
not be able to make payments in a timely manner or otherwise fund our operations. 

The COVID-19 pandemic continued to negatively
impact worldwide economic activity through most of Fiscal 2021, including within the United States where our operations are based. While
these negative impacts began to ameliorate during the latter portion of Fiscal 2021, prolonged workforce disruptions still negatively
impacted sales for the majority of the fiscal year, as well as our overall liquidity. 

As of the end of Fiscal 2021, we had cash of
 1.5 million and a working capital deficit of 10.9 million. During Fiscal 2021, we used approximately 21.5 million of cash in our continuing
operations and incurred recurring losses, resulting in an accumulated deficit of 149.3 million as of August 31, 2021. 

The following table sets forth a summary of changes
in cash flows for Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020: 

For the
 year ended August 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (21,512,000 
 (16,883,000 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 (2,566,000 
 9,353,000 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 20,974,000 
 10,272,000 
 
 Change in cash 
 (3,104,000 
 2,742,000 

58 

The recurring losses, negative working capital
and cash used in operations are indicators of substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as going concern for at least one year
from issuance of the financial statements in this Form 10-K. Our plans to alleviate this substantial doubt are discussed below.
These plans include raising additional capital to fund expansion of our operations, including the continued development and support of
our HRIS platform, our SPAC sponsorship activities, and ShiftPixy Labs, as described above. 

We believe that IHC, after completing its IBC,
will generate significant revenues for us during our fiscal year ending August 31, 2022 Fiscal 2022 ), provided that
IHC successfully completes its IBC and we are able to enter into CSAs with IHC on favorable terms. Similarly, we believe that our future
relationship with Vital and TechStackery will generate significant revenues to us, provided that each of these SPACs is able to launch
its IPO and complete its IBC successfully, and we are able to enter into CSAs with each of these SPACs on favorable terms. We also believe
that Firemark will generate additional payroll billings for us through contractual arrangements by which we are able to provide low-cost
insurance product offerings to our clients, provided that Firemark is able to launch its IPO and complete its IBC successfully, and we
are able to enter into a contractual relationship with Firemark on favorable terms. 

We also expect our ShiftPixy Labs growth initiative
to generate substantial cash flow once launched, by functioning as a state of the art ghost kitchen space that will be used to incubate
restaurant ideas through collaboration and partnerships with local innovative chefs. If successful, we believe that this initiative will
produce sound businesses that provide recurring revenue to us through direct sales, as well as through utilization of the ShiftPixy Ecosystem,
HRIS platform, and other human capital services that we provide. To the extent that this business model is successful and can be replicated
in other locations, it has the potential to contribute significant revenue to ShiftPixy in the future. We may also take equity stakes
in various branded restaurants that we develop and operate with our partners through ShiftPixy Labs. Such ownership interests will be
held to the extent that it is consistent with our continued existence as an operating company, and to the extent that we believe such
ownership interests have the potential to create significant value for our shareholders. 

Further, on March 27, 2020, President Trump
signed into law the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security CARES Act. The CARES Act, among other things, includes
provisions relating to refundable payroll tax credits, deferment of employer side social security payments, net operating loss carry-back
periods, alternative minimum tax credit refunds, modifications to the net interest deduction limitations, increased limitations on qualified
charitable contributions, and technical corrections to tax depreciation methods for qualified improvement property. Pursuant to Section 2302
of the CARES Act, we are deferring payment of taxes totaling 223,000 and 318,000 until December 31, 2021 and December 31,
2022, respectively. These deferrals will allow us to preserve capital for use in our growth initiatives which, in turn, we expect to
generate substantial revenue and cash flow to us if successful. 

Also, as detailed above, we closed a private
placement transaction with a large institutional investor on September 3, 2021, (immediately following the close of Fiscal 2021),
which yielded proceeds to the Company of approximately 11.9 million net of fees and expenses. We expect to engage in additional sales
of our securities during Fiscal 2022, either through registered public offerings or private placements, the proceeds of which we intend
to use to fund our operations and growth initiatives. 

Our management believes that our current cash
position, (including the proceeds of the September 2021 private placement transaction), along with our anticipated revenue growth
and proceeds from future sales of our securities, when combined with prudent expense management, will be sufficient to alleviate substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern and to fund our operations for at least one year from the date these financials
are available (especially when considering the absence of any funded debt outstanding on our balance sheet). If these sources do not
provide the capital necessary to fund the Company s operations during the next twelve months, we may need to curtail certain aspects
of our operations or expansion activities, consider the sale of additional assets, or consider other means of financing. We can give
no assurance that we will be successful in implementing our business plan and obtaining financing on terms advantageous to the Company,
or that any such additional financing will be available. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments for this
uncertainty. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

See Note 2 in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements. 

59 

Emerging Growth Reporting Requirements 

We are a public reporting company under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). We are required to publicly report on an ongoing basis as an emerging growth
company (as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, which we refer to as the JOBS Act under
the reporting rules set forth under the Exchange Act. For so long as we remain an emerging growth company , we may
take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other Exchange Act reporting companies
that are not emerging growth companies , including but not limited to: 

not
 being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

taking
 advantage of extensions of time to comply with certain new or revised financial accounting
 standards; 

being
 permitted to comply with reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation
 in our periodic reports and proxy statements; and 

being
 exempt from the requirement to hold a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation
 and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

We expect to take advantage of these reporting
exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. We are permitted to remain an emerging growth company for
up to five years, although if the market value of our Common Stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30
before that time, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. 

60 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

In addition to financial measures presented in
accordance with GAAP, we monitor other non-GAAP measures that we use to manage our business, make planning decisions and allocate resources.
These key financial measures provide an additional view of our operational performance over the long term and provide useful information
that we use to maintain and grow our business. The presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures is intended to enhance the reader's
understanding of certain aspects of our financial performance. It is not meant to be considered in isolation, superior to, or as a substitute
for the directly comparable financial measures presented in accordance with GAAP. 

Our revenue recognition policy differs for our
EAS and staffing clients and is dependent on the respective CSA applicable to each client. During Fiscal 2021, some of our EAS clients
migrated to a staffing CSA. Our policy is to report revenues as gross billings, net of related direct labor costs, for our EAS clients,
and revenues without reduction for labor costs for staffing clients. For Fiscal 2021, our gross billings from HCM and staffing services
totaled approximately 63.8 million and 15.2 million (total of 79.0), representing 81 and 19 of our gross revenue, respectively.
For Fiscal 2020, our gross billings were approximately 65.5 million from our HCM services, and our gross billings generated from staffing
were immaterial. (We had no revenues generated from technology services during Fiscal 2020 or Fiscal 2021). 

Gross billings represent billings to our business
clients and include WSE gross wages, employer payroll taxes, and workers compensation premiums as well as administrative fees
for our value-added services and other charges for workforce management support. Gross billings for our HCM services are a non-GAAP measurement
that we believe to represent a key revenue-based operating metric, along with number of WSEs and number of clients. Active WSEs are defined
as employees on our HRIS platform that have provided services for at least one of our clients for any reported period. Our primary profitability
metrics are gross profit, and our primary driver of gross profit is administrative fees. 

Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measure 

Gross Billings to Net
Revenues 

The following table presents a reconciliation of our Gross Billings
(unaudited) to Revenues: 

For
 the year Ended 
 August 31, 

2021 

2020 

Gross Billings in millions 

79.0 

65.5 

Less: Adjustment to Gross Billings 

55.6 

56.9 

Revenues, in millions 

23.4 

8.6 

The following table provides the key revenue
and our primary gross profit driver used by management. 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Administrative Fees (in millions, unaudited) 
 1.5 
 1.3 
 
 Increase (Decrease), year over year (in millions) 
 0.3 

Percentage Increase (Decrease), year over year 
 20.0 
 (2.8 
 
 Administrative Fee of Gross Billings 
 2.0 
 2.0 
 
 Average WSEs by year (unaudited) 
 3,000 
 3,100 
 
 Average Gross Billings per Average WSE 
 26,372 
 21,100 

Our billed WSEs as of the end of Fiscal 2021
averaged approximately 3,000, which is consistent with continuous growth and recovery to our pre-pandemic levels. The increase in administrative
fees was consistent with our billings growth over the same time period. The increase in average gross billings per WSE was due to growth
in the higher wages commanded by our healthcare WSEs, as well as an increase in billings to our restaurant clients as their operations
recovered from the worst effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. 

61 

Cancellation of Preferred
Options 

As
disclosed in Note 17 to the accompanying financial statements, Subsequent Events , we cancelled 11,790,000
of the remaining outstanding Preferred Options in October 2021. If the shares of our common stock underlying the conversion rights
associated with these Preferred Options were eliminated, the resulting weighted average number of shares of our common stock outstanding
for purposes of calculating earnings (loss) per share for Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 would be adjusted to 21,932,537 and 10,394,875,
respectively, which would yield the following per share results on a pro forma basis : 

AS REPORTED 
 For the
 year ended 

August 31, 
 2021 
 August 31, 
 2020 
 
 Net Loss per share, Basic and diluted 

Continuing operations 
 (0.81 
 (4.96 
 
 Discontinued operations 

Operating (loss) income 
 (0.07 
 (0.03 
 
 Gain on sale of
 assets 
 
 0.86 
 
 Total discontinued
 operations 
 (0.07 
 0.83 
 
 Net Loss per share of common stock
 Basic and diluted 
 (0.88 
 (4.13 
 
 Weighted average common stock outstanding
 Basic and diluted 
 33,722,534 
 18,222,661 

PRO-FORMA (Unaudited) 
 For the
 year ended 

August 31, 
 2021 
 August 31, 
 2020 
 
 Net Loss per share, Basic and diluted 

Continuing operations 
 (1.27 
 (8.70 
 
 Discontinued operations 

Operating (loss) income 
 (0.11 
 (0.05 
 
 Gain on sale of
 assets 
 
 1.51 
 
 Total discontinued
 operations 
 (0.11 
 1.46 
 
 Net Loss per share of common stock
 Basic and diluted 
 (1.38 
 (7.24 
 
 Weighted average common stock outstanding
 Basic and diluted 
 21,932,537 
 10,394,875 

62 

Item 7A. Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not required. 

63 

Item 8. Financial Statements 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

As of and for the Periods Ended August 31,
2021 and 2020 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page No. 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-1 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets for the Years Ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6 

64 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 ShiftPixy, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of ShiftPixy (the Company as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations,
equity (deficit) and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended August 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each
of the two years in the period ended August 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America . 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 4, the Company has a significant
working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its
operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in
regard to these matters are also described in Note 4. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to
assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum LLP 

Marcum LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

New York, NY 

 December 2, 2021 

F- 1 

ShiftPixy Inc. 

 Consolidated Balance
Sheets 

August 31, 
2021 

August 31, 
2020 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

1,199,000 

4,303,000 

Accounts receivable, net 

498,000 

308,000 

Unbilled accounts receivable 

2,741,000 

2,303,000 

Deposit workers compensation 

155,000 

293,000 

Prepaid expenses 

605,000 

723,000 

Other current assets 

126,000 

73,000 

Current assets of discontinued operations 

356,000 

1,030,000 

Total current assets 

5,680,000 

9,033,000 

Fixed assets, net 

2,784,000 

575,000 

Note receivable, net 

4,004,000 

4,045,000 

Deposits workers compensation 

386,000 

736,000 

Deposits and other assets 

944,000 

449,000 

Deferred offering costs SPACs (See Note 6) 

48,261,000 

Non-current assets of discontinued operations 

883,000 

2,582,000 

Total assets 

62,942,000 

17,420,000 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Liabilities 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities 

6,553,000 

3,831,000 

Payroll related liabilities 

7,876,000 

5,752,000 

Accrued workers compensation costs 

663,000 

497,000 

Current liabilities of discontinued operations 

1,516,000 

1,746,000 

Total current liabilities 

16,608,000 

11,826,000 

Non-current liabilities 

Accrued workers compensation costs 

1,646,000 

1,247,000 

Non-current liabilities of discontinued operations 

3,765,000 

4,377,000 

Total liabilities 

22,019,000 

17,450,000 

Commitments and contingencies 

ShiftPixy, Inc. Stockhoders deficit 

Preferred stock, 50,000,000 authorized shares; 0.0001 par value 

Common stock, 750,000,000 authorized shares; 0.0001 par value; 25,863,099 and 16,902,146 shares issued as of August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020 

3,000 

1,000 

Additional paid-in capital 

142,786,000 

119,431,000 

Accumulated deficit 

(149,338,000) 

(119,462,000) 
 
 Total ShiftPixy, Inc. Stockholders Deficit 

(6,549,000) 

(30,000) 
 
 Non controlling interest in consolidated subsidiaries (See Note 6) 

47,472,000 

Total Equity (Deficit) 

40,923,000 

(30,000) 
 
 Total liabilities and Equity (Deficit) 

62,942,000 

17,420,000 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

ShiftPixy Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

For the
 year ended 

August 31, 
 2021 
 August 31, 
 2020 
 
 Revenues (gross billings of 79.0 million and
 65.5 million less worksite employee payroll cost of 55.6 million and 56.9 million, respectively) 
 23,420,000 
 8,642,000 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 23,098,000 
 7,685,000 
 
 Gross profit 
 322,000 
 957,000 

Operating expenses: 

Salaries, wages, and payroll taxes 
 11,100,000 
 7,227,000 
 
 Stock-based compensation general
 and administrative 
 1,594,000 
 1,526,000 
 
 Commissions 
 176,000 
 181,000 
 
 Professional fees 
 4,089,000 
 3,366,000 
 
 Software development - external 
 3,755,000 
 2,240,000 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 357,000 
 272,000 
 
 Impaired asset expense 
 
 3,543,000 
 
 General and administrative 
 6,596,000 
 4,180,000 
 
 Total operating
 expenses 
 27,667,000 
 22,535,000 

Operating Loss 
 (27,345,000 
 (21,578,000 

Other (expense) income: 

Interest expense 
 (5,000 
 (2,525,000 
 
 Change in fair value of note receivable 
 
 (1,074,000 
 
 Expense related to Preferred Options 
 
 (62,091,000 
 
 Expense related to modification of
 warrants 
 
 (21,000 
 
 Loss from debt conversion 
 
 (3,500,000 
 
 Inducement loss 
 
 (624,000 
 
 Loss on debt extinguishment 
 
 (1,592,000 
 
 Change in fair value derivative and
 warrant liability 
 
 1,777,000 
 
 Other income 
 25,000 

Gain on convertible
 note penalties accrual 
 
 760,000 
 
 Total other (expense)
 income 
 20,000 
 (68,890,000 
 
 Loss from continuing
 operations before income taxes 
 (27,325,000 
 (90,468,000 
 
 Income tax expense 
 42,000 

Loss from continuing
 operations 
 (27,367,000 
 (90,468,000 
 
 (Loss) Income from discontinued operations 

(Loss) Income from discontinued operations 
 (2,509,000 
 (561,000 
 
 Gain from asset
 sale 
 
 15,682,000 
 
 Total Income (Loss) from discontinued
 operations, net of tax 
 (2,509,000 
 15,121,000 

Net loss 
 (29,876,000 
 (75,347,000 

Net Loss per share, Basic and diluted 

Continuing operations 
 (0.81 
 (4.96 
 
 Discontinued operations 

Operating (loss) income 
 (0.07 
 (0.03 
 
 Gain on sale of
 assets 
 
 0.86 
 
 Total discontinued
 operations 
 (0.07 
 0.83 
 
 Net Loss per share of common stock
 Basic and diluted 
 (0.88 
 (4.13 

Weighted average common stock outstanding
 Basic and diluted 
 33,722,534 
 18,222,661 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

ShiftPixy Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Equity (Deficit) 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Issued 

Common
 Stock 
 Issued 

Additional 
 Paid-In 

Treasury 

Accumulated 

Total 
 Stockholders 
 Deficit 
 ShiftPixy Inc 

Non
 controlling 

Total 
 Equity 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

stock 

Deficit 

stock
 - holders 

interest 

(Deficit) 

Balance, September 1, 2019 

909,222 

32,505,000 

(325,000) 

(44,115,000) 

(11,935,000) 

(11,935,000) 
 
 Treasury stock retired 

(13,953) 

(325,000) 

325,000 

Common stock issued for note
 exchange 

21,750 

200,000 

200,000 

200,000 

Common stock issued for services
 rendered 

856 

75,000 

75,000 

75,000 

Common stock issued for warrant
 exercise 

6,275 

33,000 

33,000 

33,000 

Common stock issued
 for underwritten offering, net of offering costs 

2,472,500 

11,478,000 

11,478,000 

11,478,000 

Common stock issued upon conversion
 of convertible notes and interest 

589,695 

6,238,000 

6,238,000 

6,238,000 

Reclassification of derivative
 liabilities to paid in capital 

1,979,000 

1,979,000 

1,979,000 

Inducement loss on note conversions 

38,658 

624,000 

624,000 

624,000 

Common stock issued for warrant
 exchange 

82,653 

552,000 

552,000 

552,000 

Allocated fair value of beneficial
 conversion feature exchanged notes payable 

653,000 

653,000 

653,000 

Allocated fair value of warrants
 issued exchanged notes payable 

2,006,000 

2,006,000 

2,006,000 

Stock-based compensation expense 

1,300,000 

1,300,000 

1,300,000 

Modification of warrants 

22,000 

22,000 

22,000 

Expense related to Preferred
 Options 

62,091,000 

62,091,000 

62,091,000 

Preferred stock issued for
 Preferred Option exercise 

12,794,490 

1,000 

1,000 

1,000 

Common stock issued for preferred
 stock exchange 

(12,794,490) 

(1,000) 

12,794,490 

1,000 

Net Loss 

(75,347,000) 

(75,347,000) 

(75,347,000) 
 
 Balance, August 31, 2020 

16,902,146 

1,000 

119,431,000 

(119,462,000) 

(30,000) 

(30,000) 
 
 Common stock issued for private
 placement, including exercise of prefunded warrants net of offering costs 

4,948,453 

2,000 

11,060,000 

11,062,000 

11,062,000 

Common stock issued for underwritten
 public offering, net of offering costs 

4,000,000 

10,701,000 

10,701,000 

10,701,000 

Stock-based compensation expense 

1,594,000 

1,594,000 

1,594,000 

Preferred stock issued for
 Preferred Option exercise 

12,500 

Common stock issued for preferred
 stock exchange 

(12,500) 

12,500 

Excess fair value of SPACs
 Founder shares transferred to underwriter 

47,472,000 

47,472,000 

Net Loss 

(29,876,000) 

(29,876,000) 

(29,876,000) 
 
 Balance, August 31, 2021 

25,863,099 

3,000 

142,786,000 

(149,338,000) 

(6,549,000) 

47,472,000 

40,923,000 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

ShiftPixy, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

For the
 Year Ended 

August 31, 
 2021 
 August 31, 
 2020 
 
 OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net Loss 
 (29,876,000 
 (75,347,000 
 
 Income (loss)
 from discontinued operations 
 (2,509,000 
 15,121,000 
 
 Net loss from continuing operations 
 (27,367,000 
 (90,468,000 
 
 Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss from continuing operations to net cash used in continuing operating activities: 

Bad debt expense 
 45,000 

Expense related to Preferred Options 
 
 62,091,000 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 357,000 
 272,000 
 
 Impaired asset expense 
 
 3,543,000 
 
 Gain on convertible note penalties
 accrual 
 
 (760,000 
 
 Amortization of debt discount
 and debt issuance cost 
 
 6,749,000 
 
 Stock issued for services 
 
 75,000 
 
 Stock-based compensation- general
 and administrative 
 1,594,000 
 1,300,000 
 
 Expense related to warrant modification 
 
 22,000 
 
 Inducement loss on note conversions 
 
 624,000 
 
 Expense related to warrant exchange 
 
 552,000 
 
 Change in fair value of note receivable 
 41,000 
 1,074,000 
 
 Non-cash interest 

Change in fair value of derivative
 and warrant liability 
 
 (1,777,000 
 
 Changes in operating assets and
 liabilities 

Accounts receivable 
 (235,000 
 (223,000 
 
 Unbilled accounts receivable 
 (438,000 
 (885,000 
 
 Prepaid expenses 
 65,000 
 (374,000 
 
 Other current assets 
 
 171,000 
 
 Deposits workers 
 compensation 
 488,000 
 (40,000 
 
 Deposits and other assets 
 (495,000 
 (325,000 
 
 Accounts payable 
 2,722,000 
 (623,000 
 
 Payroll related liabilities 
 2,124,000 
 3,193,000 
 
 Accrued workers compensation 
 565,000 
 984,000 
 
 Other current
 liabilities 
 
 (803,000 
 
 Total Adjustments 
 6,833,000 
 74,840,000 
 
 Net cash used in continuing operating
 activities 
 (20,534,000 
 (15,628,000 
 
 Net cash provided by discontinued
 operating activities 
 (978,000 
 (1,255,000 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (21,512,000 
 (16,883,000 
 
 INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchase of fixed assets 
 (2,566,000 
 (235,000 
 
 Proceeds from working capital
 adjustment sale of assets 
 
 88,000 
 
 Proceeds
 from sale of assets 
 
 9,500,000 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 (2,566,000 
 9,353,000 
 
 FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Deferred offering costs 
 (789,000 

Proceeds from Public offering, net of offering costs 
 10,701,000 
 11,479,000 
 
 Proceeds from PIPE offering, net
 of offering costs 
 11,062,000 

Repayment of convertible notes 
 
 (1,240,000 
 
 Proceeds from exercise of warrants 
 
 33,000 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 20,974,000 
 10,272,000 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 
 (3,104,000 
 2,742,000 
 
 Cash - Beginning of Year 
 4,303,000 
 1,561,000 
 
 Cash -End of Year 
 1,199,000 
 4,303,000 
 
 Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flows Information: 

Cash paid for interest 
 14,000 
 315,000 

Income taxes 
 4,000 

Non-cash Investing and Financing Activities: 

Excess fair value of SPACs founder shares transferred to underwriter 
 47,472,000 

Conversion of debt and accrued interest into common stock 
 
 6,238,000 
 
 Common stock issued for note exchange 
 
 200,000 
 
 Additional principal issued for note exchange 
 
 433,000 
 
 Interest capitalized into notes receivable 
 
 59,000 
 
 Common stock issued in exchange for warrants 
 
 552,000 
 
 Discount recorded for asset sale note receivable 
 
 1,818,000 
 
 Reclassification of derivative liabilities to paid in capital 
 
 1,979,000 

See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 5 

ShiftPixy, Inc. 

 Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements 

 August 31, 2021 

Note 1: Nature of Operations 

ShiftPixy, Inc. was incorporated on June 3,
2015, in the State of Wyoming. The Company is a specialized Human Capital service provider that provides solutions for large contingent
part-time workforce demands, primarily in the restaurant and hospitality service trades. The Company s historic focus has been
on the quick service restaurant industry in Southern California, but has begun to expand into other geographic areas and industries employing
temporary or part-time labor sources. 

The Company functions as an employment administrative
services EAS provider primarily through its wholly-owned subsidiary, ReThink Human Capital Management, Inc. HCM ),
as well as a staffing provider through another of its wholly-owned subsidiaries, ShiftPixy Staffing, Inc Staffing ).
These subsidiaries provide a variety of services to our clients, (as a co-employer through HCM and a direct employer through Staffing),
including the following: administrative services, payroll processing, human resources consulting, and workers compensation administration
and coverage (as permitted and/or required by state law). The Company has built a human resources information systems HRIS platform to assist in customer acquisition that simplifies the onboarding of new clients into the Company s closed proprietary
operating and processing information system (the ShiftPixy Ecosystem ). This HRIS platform is expected to facilitate additional
value-added services in future reporting periods. 

In January 2020, the Company sold the assets
of Shift Human Capital Management Inc. SHCM ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, pursuant to which it assigned
the majority of the Company s billable clients at the time of the sale to a third party for cash. The continuing impact of this
transaction on the Company s financial statements is described below in Note 3, Discontinued Operations . 

On March 31, 2021, shareholders representing
a majority of the Company s outstanding shares of capital stock approved an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation (the Amendment making the federal district courts of the United States the exclusive forum for
the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action against the Company arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
On May 13, 2021, the Company filed the Amendment with the Wyoming Secretary of State. 

Note 2: Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies 

Basis of Presentation 

The consolidated financial statements of the
Company have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 

Principles of Consolidation 

The Company and its wholly-owned and majority owned subsidiaries have
been consolidated in the accompanying financial statements. All intercompany balances have been eliminated in consolidation. The amount
of net loss attributable to minority interests of majority owned subsidiaries was de minimus for Fiscal 2021. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with GAAP requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates include: 

Valuation
 expense related to Preferred Options (as defined below); 

Liability
 for legal contingencies; 

Useful
 lives of property and equipment; 

F- 6 

Assumptions
 made in valuing embedded derivatives and freestanding equity-linked instruments classified
 as liabilities; 

Deferred
 income taxes and related valuation allowance; 

Valuation
 of illiquid noncontrolling interest in SPAC shares transferred; 

Valuation
 of long-lived assets including long term notes receivable prior to January 1, 2021;
 and 

Projected
 development of workers compensation claims. 

Revenue and Direct Cost Recognition 

For the year ended August 31, 2021, we adopted
Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), using the modified
retrospective approach. Under this method, the guidance is applied only to the most current period presented in the financial statements.
ASU No. 2014-09 outlines a single comprehensive revenue recognition model for revenue arising from contracts with customers and superseded
most of the previous revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. Under ASU No. 2014-09, an entity recognizes
revenue for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration for which the entity
expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Our revenue recognition policies remained substantially unchanged as a
result of the adoption of ASU No. 2014-09 and we did not have any significant changes in our business processes or systems. 

The Company s revenues are primarily disaggregated
in fees for providing staffing solutions and EAS/human capital management services. The Company enters into contracts with its clients
for staffing or EAS based on a stated rate and price in the contract. Contracts generally have a term of 12 months but are cancellable
at any time by either party with 30 days written notice. The performance obligations in the agreements are generally combined
into one performance obligation, as they are considered a series of distinct services, and are satisfied over time because the client
simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided as the Company performs the services. Payments for the Company s services
are typically made in advance of, or at the time that the services are provided. The Company does not have significant financing components
or significant payment terms for its customers and consequently has no material credit losses. The Company uses the output method based
on a stated rate and price over the payroll processed to recognize revenue, as the value to the client of the goods or services transferred
to date appropriately depicts our performance towards complete satisfaction of the performance obligation. 

Staffing Solutions 

The Company records gross billings as revenues
for its staffing solutions clients. The Company is primarily responsible for fulfilling the staffing solutions services and has discretion
in establishing price. The Company includes the payroll costs in revenues with a corresponding increase to cost of revenues for payroll
costs associated with these services. As a result, we are the principal in this arrangement for revenue recognition purposes. For Fiscal
2020, the Company recognized no revenues that should have been evaluated under a staffing solutions model. 

EAS Solutions 

EAS solutions revenue is primarily derived from
the Company s gross billings, which are based on (i) the payroll cost of the Company s worksite employees WSEs and (ii) a mark-up computed as a percentage of payroll costs for payroll taxes and workers compensation premiums. 

Gross billings are invoiced to each EAS client
concurrently with each periodic payroll of the Company s WSEs which coincides with the services provided and which is typically
a fixed percentage of the payroll processed. Revenues, which exclude the payroll cost component of gross billings and therefore consist
solely of markup, are recognized ratably over the payroll period as WSEs perform their services at the client worksite. Although the
Company assumes responsibility for processing and remitting payroll and payroll related obligations, it does not assume employment-related
responsibilities such as determining the amount of the payroll and related payroll obligations. As a result, the Company records revenue
on a net basis in this arrangement for revenue recognition purposes. Revenues that have been recognized but not invoiced
for EAS clients are included in unbilled accounts receivable on the Company s consolidated balance sheets, and were 2,741,000
and 2,303,000, as of August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020, respectively. 

Consistent with the Company s revenue recognition
policy for EAS clients, direct costs do not include the payroll cost of its WSEs. The cost of revenue associated with the Company s
revenue generating activities is primarily comprised of all other costs related to its WSEs, such as the employer portion of payroll-related
taxes, employee benefit plan premiums and workers compensation insurance costs. 

F- 7 

The fees collected from the worksite employers
for benefits (i.e. zero-margin benefits pass-through), workers compensation and state unemployment taxes are presented in revenues
and the associated costs of benefits, workers compensation and state unemployment taxes are included in operating expenses for
EAS clients, as the Company does retain risk and acts as a principal with respect to this aspect of the arrangement. With respect to
these fees, the Company is primarily responsible for fulfilling the service and has discretion in establishing price. 

Disaggregation of Revenue 

The Company s primary revenue streams include
HCM and staffing services. The disaggregated Company revenue for Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 was as follows: 

Revenue (in millions): 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 HCM 1 
 8.2 
 8.6 
 
 Staffing 
 15.2 

23.4 
 8.6 

1
 HCM revenue is presented net, 63.8 million gross less worksite employees payroll cost of 55.6 million for Fiscal 2021 and
 65.5 million gross less worksite employees payroll cost of 56.9 million in Fiscal 2020. 

During Fiscal 2021 the Company announced the
launch of ShiftPixy Labs and expects to generate revenue from this initiative in Fiscal 2022. 

For Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, the following
geographical regions represented more than 10 of total revenues: 

Region: 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 California 
 70.3 
 78.2 
 
 Washington 
 10.8 
 11.6 

Incremental Cost of Obtaining a Contract 

Pursuant to the practical expedients 
provided under ASU No 2014-09, the Company expenses sales commissions when incurred because the terms of its contracts are cancellable
by either party upon 30 days notice. These costs are recorded in commissions in the Company s Consolidated Statements of
Operations. 

Segment Reporting 

 Prior to Fiscal 2021, the Company operated as
one reportable segment under ASC 280, Segment Reporting . The chief operating decision maker regularly reviews the financial information
of the Company at a consolidated level in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. During Fiscal 2021, the Company
entered into new business lines and geographic areas that, to date, are not material. However, with the migration to Staffing during the
fiscal quarter ending May 31, 2021, the Company expects to manage the business on a segmented basis in the future and will therefore report
such information once systems and processes are updated accordingly. Reporting and monitoring activities on a segment basis
will allow the chief operating decision maker to evaluate operating performance more effectively. See also Disaggregation
of Revenue , above. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

The Company considers all highly liquid investments
with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased as cash equivalents. The Company had no such investments as of August 31,
2021 or August 31, 2020. 

Concentration of Credit Risk 

The Company maintains cash with a commercial
bank, which is insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ). At various times, the Company has deposits
in this financial institution in excess of the amount insured by the FDIC. The Company has not experienced any losses related to these
balances. As of August 31, 2021, there was 891,000 of cash on deposit in excess of the amounts insured by the FDIC. 

The Company had two and zero individual clients
that represented more than 10 of its annual revenues in Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively. Four clients represented 94 of total
accounts receivable at August 31, 2021, compared to three clients representing approximately 92 of its total accounts receivable
at August 31, 2020. 

F- 8 

Fixed Assets 

Fixed assets are recorded at cost, less accumulated
depreciation and amortization. Expenditures for major additions and improvements are capitalized and minor replacements, maintenance,
and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. When fixed assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation
are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is included in the results of operations for the respective period. Leasehold
improvements are amortized over the shorter of the useful life or the remaining lease term. 

Fixed assets are recorded at cost and are depreciated
over the estimated useful lives of the related assets using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives of property and equipment
for purposes of computing depreciation are as follows: 

Equipment: 
 
 5 years 
 
 Furnitures Fixtures: 
 
 5 - 7 years 
 
 Leasehold improvements shorter of the useful life or the remaining lease term, typically 5 years 

The amortization of these assets is included
in depreciation expense on the consolidated statements of operations. 

Computer Software Development 

Software development costs relate primarily to
software coding, systems interfaces and testing of the Company s proprietary employer information systems and are accounted for
in accordance with ASC 350-40, Internal Use Software . 

Internal software development costs are capitalized
from the time the internal use software is considered probable of completion until the software is ready for use. Business analysis,
system evaluation and software maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. The capitalized computer software development costs are reported
under the section fixed assets, net in the consolidated balance sheets. 

The Company determined that there were no material
internal software development costs for Fiscal 2021 or Fiscal 2020. All capitalized software recorded was purchased from third party
vendors. Capitalized software development costs are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the software,
generally three to five years from when the asset is placed in service. The Company also expenses internal costs related to minor upgrades
and enhancements, as it is impractical to separate these costs from normal maintenance activities. 

Impairment and Disposal of Long-Lived Assets 

The Company periodically evaluates its long-lived
assets for impairment in accordance with ASC 360-10, Property, Plant, and Equipment . ASC 360-10 requires that an impairment loss
be recognized for assets to be disposed of or held-for-use when the carrying amount of an asset is deemed not to be recoverable. If events
or circumstances were to indicate that any of the Company s long-lived assets might be impaired, the Company would assess recoverability
based on the estimated undiscounted future cash flows to be generated from the applicable asset. In addition, the Company may record
an impairment loss to the extent that the carrying value of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Fair value is generally determined
using an estimate of discounted future net cash flows from operating activities or upon disposal of the asset. We recorded an expense
related to asset impairment of 0 and 3,543,000 for Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively. 

Workers Compensation 

Everest Program 

Until July 2018, a portion of the Company s workers 
compensation risk was covered by a retrospective rated policy through Everest National Insurance Company, which calculates the final policy
premium based on the Company s loss experience during the term of the policy and the stipulated formula set forth in the policy.
The Company funds the policy premium based on standard premium rates on a monthly basis and based on the gross payroll applicable to workers
covered by the policy. During the policy term and thereafter, periodic adjustments may involve either a return of previously paid premiums
or a payment of additional premiums by the Company or a combination of both. If the Company s losses under that policy exceed the
expected losses under that policy, then the Company could receive a demand for additional premium payments. The Company is currently engaged
in litigation regarding such a demand for additional premium payments as discussed at Note 16, Contingencies, Everest Litigation ,
below. 

F- 9 

Sunz Program 

From July 2018 through February 28, 2021, the Company s
workers compensation program for its WSEs was provided through an arrangement with United Wisconsin Insurance Company and administered
by the Sunz Insurance Company. Under this program, the Company has financial responsibility for the first 500,000 of claims per occurrence.
The Company provides and maintains a loss fund that is earmarked to pay claims and claims related expenses. The workers compensation
insurance carrier establishes monthly funding requirements comprised of premium costs and funds to be set aside for payment of future
claims claim loss funds ). The level of claim loss funds is primarily based upon anticipated WSE payroll levels and expected
workers compensation loss rates, as determined by the insurance carrier. Monies funded into the program for incurred claims expected
to be paid within one year are recorded as Deposit - workers compensation, a short-term asset, while the remainder of claim funds
are included in Deposit- workers compensation, a long-term asset in its consolidated balance sheets. The Company is currently engaged
in litigation regarding demands by Sunz for additional claims loss funds, as discussed at Note 16, Contingencies, Sunz Litigation ,
below. 

Balance Sheet Items Related To Workers 
Compensation 

Under both the Everest and Sunz Programs, the
Company utilized a third-party to estimate its loss development rate, which is based primarily upon the nature of WSE job responsibilities,
the location of WSEs, the historical frequency and severity of workers compensation claims, and an estimate of future cost trends.
Each reporting period, changes in the assumptions resulting from changes in actual claims experience and other trends are incorporated
into its workers compensation claims cost estimates. 

As of August 31, 2021, the Company had 155,000
in Deposit workers compensation classified as a short-term asset and 386,000 classified as a long-term asset. 

The Company s estimate of incurred claim
costs expected to be paid within one year is included in short-term liabilities, while its estimate of incurred claim costs expected
to be paid beyond one year is included in long-term liabilities on its consolidated balance sheets. As of August 31, 2021, the Company
had short term accrued workers compensation costs of 663,000 and long term accrued workers compensation costs of 1,646,000 

The Company retained workers compensation
asset reserves and workers compensation related liabilities for former WSEs of clients transferred to Shiftable HR Acquisition,
LLC, part of Vensure Employer Services, Inc. Vensure ), in connection with the Vensure Asset Sale described in Note
3, Discontinued Operations, below. As of August 31, 2021, the retained workers compensation assets and liabilities
are presented as a discontinued operation net asset or liability. As of August 31, 2021, the Company had 356,000 in short term
assets and 1,516,000 of short term liabilities, and had 883,000 of long term assets and 3,765,000 of long term liabilities. 

Because the Company bears the financial responsibility
for claims up to the level noted above, such claims, which are the primary component of its workers compensation costs, are recorded
in the period incurred. Workers compensation insurance includes ongoing health care and indemnity coverage whereby claims are
paid over numerous years following the date of injury. Accordingly, the accrual of related incurred costs in each reporting period includes
estimates, which take into account the ongoing development of claims and therefore requires a significant level of judgment. In estimating
ultimate loss rates, the Company utilizes historical loss experience, exposure data, and actuarial judgment, together with a range of
inputs which are primarily based upon the WSE s job responsibilities, their location, the historical frequency and severity of
workers compensation claims, and an estimate of future cost trends. For each reporting period, changes in the actuarial assumptions
resulting from changes in actual claims experience and other trends are incorporated into its workers compensation claims cost
estimates. The estimated incurred claims are based upon: (i) the level of claims processed during each quarter; (ii) estimated
completion rates based upon recent claim development patterns under the plan; and (iii) the number of participants in the plan. 

F- 10 

Current Program 

Effective March 1, 2021, the Company migrated
its clients to a guaranteed cost program. Under this program, the Company s financial responsibility is limited to the cost of
the workers compensation premium. The Company funds the workers compensation premium based on standard premium rates on
a monthly basis and based on the gross payroll applicable to workers covered by the policy. Any final adjustments to the premiums are
based on the final audited exposure multiplied by the applicable rates, classifications, experience modifications and any other associated
rating criteria. 

Debt Issuance Costs and Debt Discount 

Debt issuance costs and debt discounts are being
amortized over the lives of the related financings on a basis that approximates the effective interest method. Costs and discounts are
presented as a reduction of the related debt in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Portions attributable to notes converted
into equity are accelerated to interest expense upon conversion. 

Beneficial Conversion Features 

The intrinsic value of a beneficial conversion
feature BCF inherent to a convertible note payable, which is not bifurcated and accounted for separately from the convertible
note payable and may not be settled in cash upon conversion, is treated as a discount to the convertible note payable. This discount
is amortized over the period from the date of issuance to the stated maturity using the straight-line method which approximates the effective
interest method. If the note payable is retired prior to the end of the contractual term, the unamortized discount is expensed in the
period of retirement to interest expense. In general, the BCF is measured by comparing the effective conversion price, after considering
the relative fair value of detachable instruments included in the financing transaction, if any, to the fair value of the common shares
at the commitment date to be received upon conversion. 

Derivative Financial Instruments 

When a Company issues debt that contains a conversion
feature, it first evaluates whether the conversion feature meets the requirement to be treated as a derivative based on an analysis of
the following: a) the settlement amount is determined by one or more underlying factors, typically the price of the Company s stock;
b) the settlement amount is determined by one or more notional amounts or payments provisions or both, generally the number of shares
upon conversion; c) there is no initial net investment, which typically excludes the amount borrowed; and d) there is a net settlement
provision, which in the case of convertible debt generally means the stock received upon conversion can be readily sold for cash. There
are certain scope exceptions from derivative treatment, but these typically exclude conversion features that provide for a variable number
of shares. When the Company issues warrants to purchase its common stock, it evaluates whether they meet the requirements to be treated
as derivatives. Generally, warrants are treated as derivatives if the provisions of the warrant agreements create uncertainty as to:
a) the number of shares to be issued upon exercise, or b) whether shares may be issued upon exercise. If the conversion feature within
convertible debt or warrants meet the requirements to be treated as a derivative, the Company estimates the fair value of the derivative
liability using the lattice-based option valuation model upon the date of issuance. If the fair value of the derivative liability is
higher than the face value of the convertible debt, the excess is immediately recognized as interest expense. Otherwise, the fair value
of the derivative is recorded as a liability with an offsetting amount recorded as a debt discount, which offsets the carrying amount
of the debt. The derivative liability is revalued at the end of each reporting period and any change in fair value is recorded as a change
in fair value in the consolidated statement of operations. The debt discount is amortized through interest expense over the life of the
debt. Derivative instrument liabilities and the host debt agreements are classified on the consolidated balance sheets as current or
non-current based on whether settlement of the derivative instrument could be required within twelve months of the consolidated balance
sheet date. 

The accounting treatment of derivative financial
instruments requires that the Company record the embedded conversion option and warrants at their fair value as of the inception date
of the agreement and at fair value as of each subsequent balance sheet date. Any change in fair value is recorded as non-operating, non-cash
income or expense for each reporting period at each balance sheet date. The Company reassesses the classification of its derivative instruments
at each balance sheet date. If the classification changes as a result of events during the period, the contract is reclassified as of
the date of the event that caused the reclassification. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement , requires
entities to disclose the fair value of financial instruments, both assets and liabilities recognized and not recognized on the balance
sheet, for which it is practical to estimate fair value. ASC 820 defines fair value of a financial instrument as the amount at which
the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties. At August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020,
the carrying value of certain financial instruments (cash, accounts receivable and payable) approximated fair value due to the short-term
nature of the instruments. Convertible notes approximated fair value based on comparison of terms from similar instruments in the marketplace.
Notes Receivable is valued at estimated fair value as described below. 

F- 11 

The Company measures fair value under a framework
that utilizes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives
the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the
lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). The three levels of inputs used in measuring fair value are: 

Level
 1: Inputs to the valuation methodology are unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets
 or liabilities in active markets that the Company has the ability to access. 

Level
 2: Inputs to the valuation methodology include: 

Quoted
 prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; 

Quoted
 prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets; 

Inputs
 other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability; 

Inputs
 that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation
 or other means; and 

If
 the asset or liability has a specified (contractual) term, the Level 2 input must be observable
 for substantially the full term of the asset or liability. 

Level
 3: Inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value
 measurement. 

The
Company did not have any Level 1 or Level 2 assets or liabilities at August 31, 2021 or August 31, 2020 . The Company recorded
expense related to Preferred Options (as defined below) in the year ended August 31, 2020 using Level 2 fair value measurements.
See Note 11, Stockholders' Equity , below, for assumptions used for this valuation. We recorded the fair value of
the SPAC founder shares that the Company transferred to the underwriters using non-recurring Level 3 assumptions, including quoted asset
prices for SPAC shares and warrants and estimates of the likelihood of the IPOs and IBCs of our sponsored SPACs being consummated.. See
also Note 6, Deferred Offering Costs SPACS , below. 

The
valuation of the Note Receivable (as defined below) from the Vensure Asset Sale (as defined below) and the derivative liabilities associated
with its March 2019 convertible notes (see Note 10, Senior Convertible Notes Payable consisting of conversion
feature derivatives and warrants, is a Level 3 fair value measurement as of August 31, 2020 and through December 31, 2020 (end of the
earnout period as defined under the terms of the Note Receivable). 

The
Note Receivable, as described in Note 3, Discontinued Operations , below, was estimated using a discounted cash flow
technique based on expected contingent payments identified in the Vensure Asset Sale contract and with significant inputs that are not
observable in the market and thus represents a Level 3 fair value measurement as defined in ASC 820. The Company valued the Note Receivable
on the January 1, 2020 transaction date using a 10 discount rate, and on August 31, 2020 and through December 31, 2020
using a 15 discount rate, which contemplates the risk and probability assessments of the expected future cash flows. The significant
inputs in the Level 3 measurement not supported by market activity include the probability assessments of expected future cash flows
related to the Vensure Asset Sale, appropriately discounted considering the uncertainties associated with the obligation, and as calculated
in accordance with the terms of the Vensure Asset Sale agreement. For Fiscal 2020, the expected cash payments from the Note Receivable
were based on estimated gross wages billed for the clients transferred to Vensure pursuant to the Vensure Asset Sale as of the measurement
date. 

The Company used the following assumptions to
value the Note Receivable as of August 31, 2020: 

Discount rate of 15 

Actual monthly wages billed to the extent
available to the Company 

For interim reporting periods after December 31,
2020 and as of August 31, 2021, the Company valued the Note Receivable as discussed in Note 3, Discontinued Operations , below. 

The development and determination of the unobservable
inputs for Level 3 fair value measurements and the fair value calculations are the responsibility of the Company s chief financial
officer and are approved by the chief executive officer. There were no transfers out of Level 3 in Fiscal 2021. 

F- 12 

The table below sets forth a summary of the changes
in the fair value of the Company s derivative liabilities classified as Level 3 as of August 31, 2020: 

March 2020
 
Conversion 
 Feature 

March 2020
 
Warrant 
 Liability 

Total 

Balance at August 31, 2019 

2,852,000 

904,000 

3,756,000 

Reclassification to APIC due to note settlements, exchanges
or conversions 

(1,784,000) 

(195,000) 

(1,979,000) 
 
 Change in fair value 

(1,068,000) 

(709,000) 

(1,777,000) 
 
 Balance at August 31, 2020 

The Company had no derivative liabilities as
of August 31, 2021 or August 31, 2020, since all of the Company's convertible notes outstanding were converted to equity or
repaid, any warrants requiring accounting as derivatives were exchanged for shares of common stock, and new warrant issuances do not
require derivative liability accounting treatment. As of August 31, 2020, the Company estimated the fair value of the conversion
feature derivatives embedded in the convertible debentures and the fair value of the warrant liabilities based on weighted probabilities
of assumptions used in the Lattice-based option valuation model. The key valuation assumptions used consist, in part, of the price of
the common stock, a risk free interest rate based on the average yield of a Treasury note and expected volatility of the common stock,
all as of the measurement dates, and the various estimated reset exercise prices weighted by probability. 

The Company used the following assumptions to
estimate fair value of the derivatives in March 2020 prior to the amendments and exchanges for the convertible notes and warrants: 

March 2020 
 Conversion 
 Feature 

March 2020
 
Warrant 
Liability 

Risk free rate 

0.08-0.17 

1.6 

Market price per share 

6.68 

6.68 

Life of instrument in years 

0.47-1.15 

4.0 

Volatility 

117-139 

102 

Dividend yield 

0 

0 

When the Company changes its valuation inputs
for measuring financial assets and liabilities at fair value, either due to changes in current market conditions or other factors, it
could be required to transfer those assets or liabilities to another level in the hierarchy based on the new inputs used. The Company
recognizes these transfers at the end of the reporting period that the transfers occur. For the periods ended August 31, 2021 and
August 31, 2020, there were no transfers of financial assets or financial liabilities between the hierarchy levels. 

Internal-Use Software 

During Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, the Company
incurred both internal and external research and development costs for its software development of approximately 6,802,000 and 4,165,000,
respectively, of which 2,649,000 and 1,674,000, respectively, are included in salaries, wages and payroll taxes. All costs were related
to internally developed or externally contracted software and related technology for the Company s HRIS platform and related mobile
application and consist of internal salaries, outsourced contractor costs and other specific research and development expenses. In addition,
no software costs were capitalized for Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively. 

Advertising Costs 

The Company expenses all advertising as incurred.
The Company recorded expenses totaling 2,597,000 and 646,000 for Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively. 

Convertible Debt 

The Company evaluates embedded conversion features
within convertible debt under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging , to determine whether the embedded conversion feature(s) should
be bifurcated from the host instrument and accounted for as a derivative at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in earnings.
If the conversion feature does not require derivative treatment under ASC 815, the instrument is evaluated under ASC 470-20, Debt
with Conversion and Other Options , for consideration of any beneficial conversion features. 

F- 13 

Income Taxes 

The Company accounts for income taxes pursuant
to ASC 740, Income Taxes . Under ASC 740, deferred income taxes are provided on a liability method whereby deferred tax assets
are recognized for deductible temporary differences and operating loss carryforwards and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for
taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their
tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that
some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The provision for income taxes represents the tax expense for the
period, if any, and the change during the period in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted
for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. 

ASC 740 also provides criteria for the recognition,
measurement, presentation and disclosure of uncertain tax positions. Under ASC 740, the impact of an uncertain tax position on the income
tax return may only be recognized at the largest amount that is more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon audit by the relevant taxing
authority. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

As of August 31, 2021 and August 31,
2020, the Company had one stock-based compensation plan under which the Company may issue both share and stock option awards. The Company
accounts for this plan under the recognition and measurement principles of ASC 718, Compensation- Stock Compensation , which requires
all stock-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, to be recognized in the consolidated statements of
operations at their fair values. 

Share grants are valued at the closing market
price on the date of issuance, which approximates fair value. For option grants, the grant date fair value is determined using the Black-Scholes-Merton Black-Scholes pricing model. Option grants are typically issued with vesting depending on a term of service. For all
employee stock options granted, the Company recognizes expense over the employee s requisite service period (generally the vesting
period of the equity grant). 

The Company s option pricing model requires
the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the expected stock price volatility and expected term. The expected volatility
is based on the historical volatility of the Company s common stock since its initial public offering. Any changes in these highly
subjective assumptions could materially impact stock-based compensation expense. 

Following the adoption of Accounting Standards
Update ASU 2016-9, the Company elected to account for forfeitures as they occur. Any compensation cost previously recognized
for an unvested award that is forfeited because of a failure to satisfy a service condition is reversed in the period of the forfeiture. 

Earnings (Loss) Per Share 

The Company utilizes FASB ASC 260, Earnings
per Share . Basic earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing earnings (loss) attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average
number of shares of common stock outstanding during the reporting period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed similar to basic
earnings (loss) per share except that the denominator is increased to include additional common stock equivalents available upon exercise
of stock options and warrants using the treasury stock method. Dilutive common stock equivalents include the dilutive effect of in-the-money
share equivalents, which are calculated based on the average share price for each period using the treasury stock method, excluding any
common stock equivalents if their effect would be anti-dilutive. In periods in which a net loss has been incurred, all potentially dilutive
common stock is considered anti-dilutive and thus is excluded from the calculation. 

The number used for the weighted average number
of shares of common stock outstanding for the earnings per share for the Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 was increased by 11,827,570 and
24,634,560, respectively. This increase reflects the inclusion of common stock issuable upon full exercise of options to purchase a similar
number of preferred shares and full conversion of those shares of preferred stock to shares of common stock. The Preferred Option (as
defined below) was deemed to be exercisable into preferred shares on January 1, 2020, the effective date of the Vensure Asset Sale
as described in Note 3, Discontinued Operations , below. The one to one ratio of conversion of shares of preferred stock to shares
of common stock was set on March 25, 2020, as described in Note 11, Stockholders Equity , below. Between March 25,
2020 and August 31, 2020, and between August 31, 2020 and August 31, 2021, 12,794,790 and 12,500 of the 24,634,560 Preferred
Options issued were exercised into a like number of shares of preferred stock and immediately exchanged for a like number of shares of
common stock. In October 2021, as described in Note 17, Subsequent Events , below, the Company cancelled 11,790,000 of the
remaining outstanding Preferred Options prior to their exercise. If the underlying share count associated with the cancelled Preferred
Options were removed from the share count used in the Company's earnings (loss) per share calculation, the weighted average number of
shares of common stock outstanding for Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 would have been adjusted to 21,932,537 and 10,394,875, respectively. 

F- 14 

Securities used in, or that are excluded from
the calculation of weighted average dilutive common stock, because their inclusion would have been antidilutive, consist of the following: 

For
 the Year Ended 
 August 31, 2021 
 For
 the Year Ended 
 August 31, 2020 
 
 Options 
 1,776,115 
 1,398,740 
 
 Warrants 
 9,592,086 
 1,896,209 
 
 Total potentially
 dilutive shares 
 11,368,201 
 3,294,949 

Preferred Options are excluded from the potentially
dilutive shares in the table above since they are included in the weighted average outstanding share count for the basic earnings per
share calculation. 

Treasury Stock 

Treasury stock represents shares of common
stock provided to the Company in satisfaction of the related party advance described in Note 13, Related Parties , below.
Shares of common stock provided are recorded at cost as treasury stock. No treasury stock was outstanding as of August 31, 2021
or August 31, 2020, as the Company retired all of its treasury stock outstanding during Fiscal 2020. Any treasury stock retired
is recorded as additional paid-in capital, limited to the amount previously credited to additional paid-in capital, if any. Any
excess is charged to accumulated deficit. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-2,
 Leases . The new standard requires that a lessee recognize assets and liabilities on the balance sheet for leases with terms longer
than 12 months. The recognition, measurement and presentation of lease expenses and cash flows by a lessee will depend on its classification
of the lease as a finance or operating lease. The guidance also includes new disclosure requirements providing information on the amounts
recorded in the financial statements. In July 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-10, Codification Improvements to Topic 842, Leases .
For entities that early adopted Topic 842, the amendments are effective upon issuance of ASU 2018-10, and the transition requirements
are the same as those in Topic 842. For entities that have not adopted Topic 842, the effective date and transition requirements will
be the same as the effective date and transition requirements in Topic 842. The updated effective date will be for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2021, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022. The Company is evaluating
the effect of adopting this new accounting guidance and is currently finalizing its analysis of the financial impact of the adoption.
The Company expects to adopt the guidance using the modified retrospective method. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,
 Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ASU 2016-13 ).
This standard requires an impairment model (known as the current expected credit loss CECL model) that is based on expected
losses rather than incurred losses. Under the new guidance, each reporting entity should estimate an allowance for expected credit losses,
which is intended to result in more timely recognition of losses. This model replaces multiple existing impairment models in current
U.S. GAAP, which generally requires a loss to be incurred before it is recognized. The new standard applies to trade receivables arising
from revenue transactions such as contract assets and accounts receivable. Under ASC 606, revenue is recognized when, among other criteria,
it is probable that an entity will collect the consideration it is entitled to when goods or services are transferred to a customer.
When trade receivables are recorded, they become subject to the CECL model and estimates of expected credit losses on trade receivables
over their contractual life will be required to be recorded at inception based on historical information, current conditions, and reasonable
and supportable forecasts. This guidance is effective for smaller reporting companies for annual periods beginning after December 15,
2022, including the interim periods in the year. Early adoption is permitted. The Company will adopt the guidance when it becomes effective. 

F- 15 

On December 31, 2019, the FASB issued ASC
2019-12 Income Taxes: Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes Topic 740 ). The amendments in this update
simplify the accounting for income taxes by removing certain exceptions. For public business entities, the amendments in this update
are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2020. Early adoption
of the amendments is permitted, including adoption in any interim period for (1) public business entities for periods for which
financial statements have not yet been issued and (2) all other entities for periods for which financial statements have not yet
been made available for issuance. An entity that elects to early adopt the amendments in an interim period should reflect any adjustments
as of the beginning of the annual period that includes that interim period. Additionally, an entity that elects early adoption must adopt
all the amendments in the same period. The Company will adopt the guidance when it becomes effective. 

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06,
which simplifies the guidance on the issuer s accounting for convertible debt instruments by removing the separation models for
(1) convertible debt with a cash conversion feature and (2) convertible instruments with a beneficial conversion feature. As
a result, entities will not separately present in equity an embedded conversion feature in such debt and will account for a convertible
debt instrument wholly as debt, unless certain other conditions are met. The elimination of these models will reduce reported interest
expense and increase reported net income for entities that have issued a convertible instrument that is within the scope of ASU 2020-06.
Also, ASU 2020-06 requires the application of the if-converted method for calculating diluted earnings per share and the treasury stock
method will be no longer available. ASU 2020-06 is applicable for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, with early adoption
permitted no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020. The Company is evaluating the effect of adopting this
new accounting guidance and is currently finalizing its analysis of the financial impact of the adoption 

In May 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-4
 Earnings Per Share (Topic 260), Debt Modifications and Extinguishments (Subtopic 470-50), Compensation Stock Compensation
(Topic 718), and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Issuer s Accounting for
Certain Modifications or Exchanges of Freestanding Equity-Classified Written Call Options (a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task
Force) . The amendments in this update are effective for all entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, including
interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is evaluating the effect of adopting this new accounting guidance and is currently
finalizing its analysis of the financial impact of the adoption. 

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-6, Debt Debt
with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic
815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity , which simplifies the accounting for
convertible debt instruments and convertible preferred stock by reducing the number of accounting models and the number of embedded conversion
features that could be recognized separately from the primary contract. The update also requires the application of the if-converted method
to calculate the impact of convertible instruments on diluted earnings per share. The new guidance is effective for annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2021, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, but no earlier than fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2020. This update can be adopted on either a fully retrospective or a modified retrospective basis.
The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 2020-6 to have any material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

Note 3 Discontinued Operations 

On January 3, 2020, the Company executed
an asset purchase agreement assigning client contracts comprising approximately 88 of its quarterly revenue through the date of the
transaction, including 100 of its existing professional employer organization PEO business effective as of December 31,
2019, and transferring 1.5 million of working capital assets, including cash balances and certain operating assets associated with the
assigned client contracts included in the agreement, to a wholly owned subsidiary of Vensure (the Vensure Asset Sale ).
Gross proceeds from the Vensure Asset Sale were 19.2 million, of which 9.7 million was received at closing and 9.5 million was scheduled
to be paid out in equal monthly payments over the four years following the closing of the transaction (the Note Receivable ),
subject to adjustments for working capital and customer retention, (as measured by a gross wage guarantee included in the governing agreement),
over the twelve month period following the Vensure Asset Sale. 

For Fiscal 2020, the Company estimated the value of the Note Receivable
at fair value as discussed in Note 2, Summary of Significant Acounting Policies , above. For Fiscal 2021, the Company recorded the
Note Receivable based on the estimate of expected collections based on additional information obtained through discussions with Vensure
and evaluation of our records. On March 12, 2021, the Company received correspondence from Vensure proposing approximately 10.7
million of working capital adjustments under the terms of the Vensure Asset Sale agreement which, if accepted, would have had the impact
of eliminating any sums owed to the Company under the Note Receivable. As indicated in the reconciliation table below, the Company has
recorded 2.6 million of working capital adjustments, subject to final review and acceptance, and has provided for an additional reserve
of 2.9 million for potential claims. By letter dated April 6, 2021, the Company disputed Vensure s proposed adjustments.The
disputes between the Company and Vensure regarding working capital adjustments under the Vensure Asset Sale agreement are currently the
subject of litigation pending in the Delaware Chancery Court, as discussed at Note 16, Contingencie s, Vensure Litigation ,
below. 

F- 16 

The following is a reconciliation of the gross
proceeds to the net Note Receivable from the Vensure Asset Sale as presented on the Company s consolidated balance sheet for Fiscal
2021. 

Gross proceeds 
 19,166,000 
 
 Cash received at closing asset sale 
 (9,500,000 
 
 Cash received at closing working
 capital 
 (166,000 
 
 Gross note receivable 
 9,500,000 
 
 Less: Transaction reconciliation
 estimated working capital adjustment 
 (2,604,000 
 
 Adjusted note receivable 
 6,896,000 
 
 Less: Reserve for estimated potential
 claims 
 (2,892,000 
 
 Long-term note receivable 
 4,004,000 

The entire Note Receivable is recorded as a long term note receivable
as of August 31, 2021. Any adjustments to the Note Receivable are applied against payments in the order they are due to be paid.
As such, the estimates of the working capital and reserves for estimated potential claims would not result in any cash payments due to
the Company until Fiscal 2022. 

The Vensure Asset Sale generated a gain of 15.6
million for Fiscal 2020. The Company expected a minimal tax impact from the Vensure Asset Sale as it utilized its net operating losses
accumulated since inception to offset the gain resulting from discontinued operations tax provision with a corresponding offset to the
valuation allowance. 

The Vensure Asset Sale met the criteria of discontinued
operations set forth in ASC 205 and as such the Company has reclassified its discontinued operations for all periods presented and has
excluded the results of its discontinued operations from continuing operations for all periods presented. 

The terms of the Vensure Asset Sale call for
adjustments to the Note Receivable either for: (i) working capital adjustments or (ii) in the event that the gross wages of
the business transferred is less than the required amount. 

(i) Working capital adjustments :
Through August 31, 2021, the Company has identified 2.6 million of likely working capital adjustments, including 88,000 related
to lower net assets transferred at closing, and 2.5 million of cash remitted to the Company s bank accounts, net of cash remitted
to Vensure s bank accounts. Under the terms of the Vensure Asset Sale, a reconciliation of the working capital was to have been
completed by April 15, 2020. Due to operational difficulties and quarantined staff caused by the outbreak of COVID-19, Vensure requested
a postponement of the working capital reconciliation that was due in Fiscal 2020. Although Vensure provided the Company with its working
capital reconciliation on March 12, 2021, it failed to provide adequate documentation to support its calculations. Accordingly,
the working capital adjustment recorded as of August 31, 2021, represents the Company s estimate of the reconciliation adjustment
by using Vensure s claims and the limited supporting information Vensure provided as a starting point, and then making adjustments
for amounts in dispute based upon our internal records and best estimates. There is no assurance that the working capital change identified
as of August 31, 2021 represents the final working capital adjustment. 

(ii) Gross billings adjustment :
Under the terms of the Vensure Asset Sale, the proceeds of the transaction are reduced if the actual gross wages of customers transferred
for Calendar 2020 are less than 90 of those customers Calendar 2019 gross wages. The Company has prepared an estimate of the
Calendar 2020 gross wages based on a combination of factors including reports of actual transferred client billings in early Calendar
2020, actual gross wages of continuing customers of the Company, publicly available unemployment reports for the Southern California
markets and the relevant COVID-19 impacts on employment levels, and other information. Based on the information available, the Company
estimated that it would receive additional consideration below the required threshold and reduced the contingent consideration by 1.4
million. Vensure has not identified any such adjustments to date. Based on the information available, the Company reclassified the previously
recorded gross wages claim to a general potential claims reserve during Fiscal 2021. No additional adjustment was made during Fiscal
2021. 

F- 17 

The carrying amounts of the classes of assets
and liabilities from the Vensure Asset Sale included in discontinued operations are as follows: 

August 31, 
 2021 
 August 31, 
 2020 
 
 Cash 

Accounts receivable and unbilled account receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Deposits workers 
 compensation 
 356,000 
 1,030,000 
 
 Total current
 assets 
 356,000 
 1,030,000 
 
 Fixed assets, net 

Deposits workers compensation 
 883,000 
 2,582,000 
 
 Total assets 
 1,239,000 
 3,612,000 

Accounts payable and other current liabilities 

Payroll related liabilities 

Accrued workers compensation
 cost 
 1,516,000 
 1,746,000 
 
 Total current
 liabilities 
 1,516,000 
 1,746,000 
 
 Accrued workers compensation
 cost 
 5,411,000 
 4,377,000 
 
 Total liabilities 
 6,927,000 
 6,123,000 

Net liability 
 (5,688,000 
 (2,511,000 

Reported results for the discontinued operations
by period were as follows: 

For
 the Year Ended 

August 31,
 
 2021 
 August 31, 
 2020 
 
 Revenues
 (gross billings of 120.7 million less WSE payroll cost of 103.0 million, respectively for the year ended August 31, 2020) 
 
 17,632,000 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 2,509,000 
 16,899,000 
 
 Gross profit 
 (2,509,000 
 733,000 

Operating expenses: 

Salaries, wages and payroll taxes 
 
 553,000 
 
 Commissions 
 
 741,000 
 
 Total operating
 expenses 
 
 1,294,000 

(Loss) income
 from discontinued operations 
 (2,509,000 
 (561,000 

F- 18 

During Fiscal 2021, the Company recorded net
operating loss from discontinued operations totaling 8,632,000 that were fully reserved. During Fiscal 2020, the Company utilized fully
reserved net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 15,669,000 to offset income from discontinued operations. The components
of income tax expense for discontinued operations are as follows: 

For the
 Year Ended August 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Provision for income tax expense 

Federal tax expense 
 (500,000 
 3,436,000 
 
 State tax expense 
 (129,000 
 1,565,000 
 
 Total tax expense 
 (629,000 
 5,001,000 
 
 Tax benefit
 for utilization of tax loss carryforwards 
 629,000 
 (5,001,000 
 
 Provision for income tax expense
 from discontinued operations 

Note 4: Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared in conformity with GAAP, which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern. Historically, the Company has funded
itself either through cash flow from operations or the raising of capital through equity sales. If the Company is unable to obtain additional
capital, it may not be able to make payments in a timely manner or otherwise fund its operations. 

The COVID-19 pandemic continued to negatively
impact worldwide economic activity through most of Fiscal 2021, including within the United States where our operations are based. While
these negative impacts began to ameliorate during the latter portion of Fiscal 2021, prolonged workforce disruptions still negatively
impacted sales for the majority of the fiscal year, as well as the Company s overall liquidity. 

As of the end of Fiscal 2021, the Company had
cash of 1.5 million and a working capital deficit of 10.9 million. During Fiscal 2021, the Company used approximately 21.5 million
of cash from its continuing operations and incurred recurring losses, resulting in an accumulated deficit of 149.3 million as of August 31,
2021. 

The following table sets forth a summary of changes
in cash flows for Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020: 

For the
 year ended 
 August 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (21,512,000 
 (16,883,000.00 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 (2,566,000 
 9,353,000 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 20,974,000 
 10,272,000 
 
 Change in cash 
 (3,104,000 
 2,742,000 

The recurring losses, negative working capital and cash used in the
Company s operations are indicators of substantial doubt as to the Company s ability to continue as going concern for at least
one year from issuance of these financial statements. The Company s plans to alleviate this substantial doubt include raising additional
capital to fund expansion of its operations, including the continued development and support of its HRIS platform, its SPAC sponsorship
activities, and its ShiftPixy Labs growth initiatives. 

F- 19 

The Company closed a private placement transaction
with a large institutional investor on September 3, 2021, (immediately following the close of Fiscal 2021), which yielded proceeds
to the Company of approximately 11.9 million net of fees and expenses. The Company expects to engage in additional sales of its
securities during Fiscal 2022, either through registered public offerings or private placements, the proceeds of which the Company intends
to use to fund its operations and growth initiatives. 

If these sources do not provide the capital necessary
to fund the Company s operations during the next twelve months, it may need to curtail certain aspects of its operations or expansion
activities, consider the sale of additional assets, or consider other means of financing. The Company can give no assurance that it will
be successful in implementing its business plan and obtaining financing on advantageous terms, or that any such additional financing will
be available. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments for this uncertainty. 

Note 5: Accounts Receivable 

Accounts receivable represent outstanding gross
billings to clients, and are reported net of allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts
based on management s assessment of the collectability of specific accounts and by making a general provision, based on its past
experiences, for other potentially uncollectible amounts. The provision for doubtful accounts during Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 was
not material. Write-offs for Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 were 45,000 and 0, respectively. 

The Company makes an accrual at the end of each
accounting period for the obligations associated with the earned but unpaid wages of its WSEs and for the accrued gross billings associated
with such wages. These accruals are included in unbilled accounts receivable. The Company generally requires clients to pay invoices
for service fees no later than 1 day prior to the applicable payroll date. As such, the Company generally does not require collateral. 

F- 20 

Note
6: Deferred Offering Costs - SPACs 

During Fiscal 2021,
the Company incurred professional fees related to the filing of registration statements for the IPOs of four SPACs. The Company also
transferred certain Founder Shares of those SPACs to a third party which created a non-controlling interest in those entities. These
Founder Shares of common stock were transferred to the SPACs underwriter representative (the Representative at
below fair market value, resulting in compensation and therefore deferred offering costs for the SPACs, and the creation of a minority
interest. The non-controlling interest is recorded as a minority interest on the Company s Balance Sheet and Statement of Equity
for Fiscal 2021. There were no similar transactions for Fiscal 2020. 

As of August 31, 2021, Deferred offering costs
- SPACs totaled 48,261,000, consisting of 789,000 in legal and accounting fees related to the SPACs IPOs and 47,472,000 related
to the non-controlling interest in consolidated subsidiaries. 

The non-controlling
interest deferred offering costs represents the estimated value of a portion of our Founder Shares in each of the following
SPACs that we received as a result of our sponsorship as follows: (i) 2,000,000 shares of IHC common stock; (ii) 2,000,000
shares of TechStackery common stock; (iii) 2,000,000 shares of Vital common stock; and (iv) 4,000,000 shares of Firemark
common stock. These shares were sold or transferred to the Representative on April 22, 2021 at a price below the fair market
value of the shares and which is considered deferred compensation. We estimate the total value of the 10,000,000 shares transferred,
which represents deferred compensation to the Representative, to be 47,472,000, or 4.7472 per share. We arrived at this valuation
by reference to similar SPAC IPO transactions, as set forth below: 

1. Consistent
 with most SPAC IPOs, the market price of units (consisting of some combination of common
 stock and warrants) sold to the public in a SPAC IPO is 10 per unit. 

2. 
 We have
 valued the warrant portion of each Unit at 0.75. Deducting this value from the Unit yields a value of 9.25 per common share at
 the time of the IPO, which we have applied to the value of each of the Founder Shares that we issued to the Representative. 

3. 
 We have
 applied a further discount of 48.8 , which is a blended discount designed to reflect the following contingencies and uncertainties:
 (a) 20 probability that the SPAC IPOs are never consummated; (b) 20 probability that none of our sponsored SPACs successfully
 completed their IBC; and (c) 21 additional discounts to account for future sponsor and Representative concessions, as well
 as the possibility of decrease in the value of the common stock of each SPAC. 

Note 7: Fixed Assets 

Fixed assets consisted of the following at August 31,
2021 and August 31, 2020: 

August 31, 
 2021 
 August 31, 
 2020 
 
 Equipment 
 2,386,000 
 576,000 
 
 Furniture fixtures 
 599,000 
 348,000 
 
 Leasehold improvements 
 545,000 
 41,000 

3,530,000 
 965,000 
 
 Accumulated depreciation 
 amortization 
 (746,000 
 (390,000 
 
 Fixed assets, net 
 2,784,000 
 575,000 

Depreciation and amortization expense for Fiscal
2021 and Fiscal 2020 was 357,000 and 272,000, respectively. 

 Included in the equipment balance at August 31,
2021 is 961,000 of equipment purchased but not placed in service. 

Software consists primarily of customized software
purchased from third party providers, which is incorporated into the Company s HRIS platform and related mobile application. No
software cost was capitalized during Fiscal 2021. For Fiscal 2020, the Company recorded 3,737,000 of capitalized software cost, which
was impaired during the year. 

The Company has evaluated certain development
costs of its software solution in accordance with ASC Topic 350-40, Internal Use Software , which outlines the stages of computer
software development and specifies when capitalization of costs is required. Projects that are determined to be in the development stage
are capitalized and amortized over their useful lives of five years. Projects that are determined to be within the preliminary stage
are expensed as incurred. For Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, no internally developed software was capitalized. A substantial portion of
the capitalized software is attributable to a third party with whom the Company is engaged in litigation described below in Note 16,
 Contingencies , Kadima Litigation . During Fiscal 2021, the Company evaluated its capitalized software costs in the context
of the procedural status and progress of this litigation. Based on this evaluation, and the Company s estimate of the timeline
for the resolution of this matter, the Company determined the capital software costs related to certain of the applications not in use
to be impaired. 

Note 8: Workers Compensation 

The Company had three workers compensation
programs in effect at various points during Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020. The Everest program covered corporate employees and WSEs from
July 1, 2017 through June 30, 2018 and the SUNZ program covered corporate employees and WSEs from July 1, 2018 through
February 28, 2021. 

Effective March 1, 2021, the Company migrated
its clients to a guaranteed cost program, pursuant to which the Company s financial responsibility is limited to the cost of the
workers compensation premium. The Company funds the workers compensation premium based on standard premium rates on a monthly
basis and based on the gross payroll applicable to workers covered by the policy. Any final adjustments to the premiums are based on
the final audited exposure multiplied by the applicable rates, classifications, experience modifications and any other associated rating
criteria. 

F- 21 

The following table summarizes the workers 
compensation deposit from continuing operations for Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020: 

Everest 
 Program 
 SUNZ 
 Program 
 Total 
 
 Workers Comp Deposit at August 31, 2019 
 
 1,827,000 
 1,827,000 
 
 Premiums paid 

Paid in deposits 
 
 601,000 
 601,000 
 
 Claim losses 
 
 (1,399,000 
 (1,399,000 
 
 Deposit refund 

Workers Comp Deposit at August 31, 2020 
 
 1,029,000 
 1,029,000 
 
 Paid in deposits 
 
 446,000 
 446,000 
 
 Claim losses 
 
 (934,000 
 (934,000 
 
 Workers Comp Deposit at August 31, 2021 
 
 541,000 
 541,000 
 
 Less Current Amount 
 
 (155,000 
 (155,000 
 
 Long Term Balance at August 31, 2021 
 
 386,000 
 386,000 

The following table summarizes the workers 
compensation deposit from discontinued operations for Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020: 

Everest Program 
 SUNZ Program 
 Total 
 
 Workers Comp Deposit at August 31,
 2019 
 
 6,411,000 
 6,411,000 
 
 Premiums paid 

Paid in deposits 
 
 2,107,000 
 2,107,000 
 
 Claim losses 
 
 (4,907,000 
 (4,907,000 
 
 Deposit refund 

Workers Comp Deposit at August 31, 2020 
 
 3,611,000 
 3,611,000 
 
 Paid in deposits 
 
 1,062,000 
 1,062,000 
 
 Claim losses 
 
 (3,434,000 
 (3,434,000 
 
 Workers Comp Deposit at August 31, 2021 
 
 1,239,000 
 1,239,000 
 
 Less Current Amount 
 
 (356,000 
 (356,000 
 
 Long Term Balance at August 31, 2021 
 
 883,000 
 883,000 

The following table summarizes the accrued workers 
compensation liability from continuing operations for Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020: 

Everest 
 Program 

SUNZ 
 Program 

Total 

Workers Comp Liability at August 31,
 2019 

94,000 

1,312,000 

1,406,000 

Claim loss development 

110,000 

1,628,000 

1,738,000 

Paid in losses 

(1,399,000) 

(1,399,000) 
 
 Workers Comp Liability at August 31, 2020 

204,000 

1,541,000 

1,745,000 

Claim loss development 

50,000 

1,273,000 

1,323,000 

Paid in losses 

(760,000) 

(760,000) 
 
 Workers Comp Liability at August 31, 2021 

254,000 

2,054,000 

2,308,000 

Less Current Amount 

(133,000) 

(530,000) 

(663,000) 
 
 Long Term Balance at August 31, 2021 

121,000 

1,524,000 

1,645,000 

F- 22 

The following table summarizes the accrued workers compensation
liability from discontinued operations for Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020: 

Everest 
 Program 

SUNZ 
 Program 

Total 

Workers Comp Liability at August 31,
 2019 

329,000 

4,601,000 

4,930,000 

Claim loss development 

388,000 

5,711,000 

6,099,000 

Paid in losses 

(4,907,000) 

(4,907,000) 
 
 Workers Comp Liability at August 31, 2020 

717,000 

5,405,000 

6,122,000 

Claim loss development 

103,000 

2,639,000 

2,742,000 

Paid in losses 

(3,583,000) 

(3,583,000) 
 
 Workers Comp Liability at August 31, 2021 

820,000 

4,461,000 

5,281,000 

Less Current Amount 

(275,000) 

(1,240,000) 

(1,515,000) 
 
 Long Term Balance at August 31, 2021 

545,000 

3,221,000 

3,766,000 

Note 9: Accrued Payroll and Related Liabilities 

Accrued payroll liabilities consisted of the
following at August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020: 

August 31, 2021 
 August 31, 2020 
 
 Accrued Payroll 
 2,438,000 
 1,970,000 
 
 Accrued Payroll Taxes 
 4,758,000 
 3,325,000 
 
 Corporate employee accrued paid time off 
 680,000 
 457,000 
 
 Accrued Payroll and related liabilities 
 7,876,000 
 5,752,000 

Accrued payroll and accrued payroll taxes represent
payroll liabilities associated with the Company s WSEs as well as its corporate employees. 

Note 10: Senior Convertible Notes Payable 

The Company has issued four series of senior
secured convertible notes payable (collectively, the Senior Convertible Notes ). In general, each series is convertible
into shares of common stock. During Fiscal 2020, the Company entered into a series of note amendments, exchanges, and settlements resulting
in the resolution of the default conditions and subsequent repayment or conversion of all Senior Convertible Notes that had been declared
in default in 2019. 

Three of the Company s five institutional
investors had filed litigation and the Senior Convertible Notes were considered to be in default as of August 31, 2019. See also
Note 16, Contingencies , below, for additional information on the litigation related to the Senior Convertible Notes. 

During Fiscal 2020, the Company resolved all
litigation with three of its five institutional investors repaying in cash or converting into common stock its outstanding notes and
all of the Senior Convertible Notes. 

On August 31, 2019, the Company had gross
principal of 6,808,000 outstanding, representing: 

June 2018
 Senior Convertible Notes due September 6, 2019 with a principal balance of 1,466,000
 (the June 2018 Notes ). The June 2018 Notes were converted or repaid
 in cash in January 2020 as described in the activity below. 

Senior
 Convertible Notes due December 31, 2019 with a principal balance of 867,000 (the December 2018
 Notes ). The December 2018 Notes were either exchanged for December 2019
 Exchange Notes and subsequently converted into common shares, converted into common shares
 in January 2020 or repaid in cash in January 2020 as described in the activity
 below. 

Senior
 Convertible Notes due September 12, 2020 with a principal balance of 4,475,000 (the
 March 2019 Notes ). The March 2019 Notes were either exchanged for
 December 2019 Exchange Notes (as defined below), converted or repaid in cash in January 2020
 or exchanged for amended notes in March 2020 which were converted in the quarter ended
 August 31, 2020. 

F- 23 

On December 6, 2019, the Company entered
into an exchange agreement with the holder of 2,445,000 of its March 2019 Notes and 222,000 of its December 2018 Notes for
new senior convertible notes (the December 2019 Exchange Notes ). The December 2019 Exchange Notes and the related
warrant and note conversion agreement revised the conversion price of the holder s December 2018 Notes and March 2019
Notes to 40.00 per share, extended the term of the notes to March 1, 2022, provided for a revised quarterly amortization schedule
beginning April 1, 2020 of 12.5 of the principal balance as of January 31, 2020 payable in cash, and removed certain anti-dilution
terms included in certain warrants issued in March 2019 (the March 2019 Warrants ). The Company agreed to issue
an additional 200,000 of consideration to the holder, payable in common stock, as consideration for this exchange and agreed to increase
the principal outstanding on the notes exchanged by 10 from 222,000 for the December 2018 Notes to 244,000, and from 2,445,000
for the March 2019 Notes to 2,690,000, for a combined revised principal balance of 2,934,000. On December 11, 2019, the
Company issued 21,750 shares of common stock to the holder in satisfaction of the additional 200,000 of consideration. The Company provided
for up to 10 of the revised combined principal of 2,934,000 to be converted at a reduced price of 12.20 per share until January 31,
2020. In January 2020, the investor converted 293,000 in notes into 24,049 shares of common stock. The Company evaluated the exchange
under ASC 470 and determined that the exchange should be treated as a debt modification. The Company recorded an additional note discount
of 467,000 representing the combined additional shares issued, valued at 200,000 and the additional 267,000 in notes issued in the
exchange. 

December 2019 Exchange 

The terms of the December 2019 Exchange
Notes are summarized as follows: 

Term:
 April 1, 2022; 

Coupon:0 ; 

Default
 interest rate: 18 ; 

10 
 of the revised note balance may be converted at 12.20 per share until January 31, 2020; 

Remainder
 convertible at the option of the holder at any time at a price of 40 per share but subject
 to down round price protection; 

Amortization
 payment of 12.5 of January 31, 2020 principal balance payable in cash; 

Alternate
 conversion percentage is 75 if the alternate conversion is an alternate conversion event
 of default as a result of bankruptcy or default related to missed amortization payment, subject
 to a floor conversion price of 1.84 per share, 80 for all alternate event of default conversion,
 or 85 if such alternate conversion is an alternate optional conversion; 

Redemption
 at the option of the Company at 15 premium at any time. 

In January 2020, one investor received a
legal judgment for 500,000 plus default interest of 52,000. The judgment was paid in cash in January 2020, which included the
repayment of 310,000 principal of the March 2019 Notes. Upon payment of the legal judgment, the litigation was resolved with this
investor. 

In January 2020, the Company settled all
legal claims with two investors by entering into settlement agreements and by payment of 2,047,000 in cash and the issuance of 103,593
shares of common stock. The settlements resulted in the elimination of combined default penalties, default interest, and 2,194,000 of
principal of the June 2018 Notes, the December 2018 Notes, and the March 2019 Notes. 

In January 2020, the Company reduced the
conversion price of the remaining June 2018 Notes and the December 2018 Notes payable to 12.20, and 500,000 of the June 2018
Notes and the December 2018 Notes were converted into 41,004 shares of common stock. An additional 4,207 shares of common stock
were issued in settlement of default interest of 51,000. 

In January 2020, one investor converted
 130,000 of the March 2019 Note principal and 28,000 of accrued default interest at 12.20 per share into 12,915 shares of common
stock, and one investor converted 293,000 of the December 2019 Exchange Notes into 24,049 shares at a conversion price of 12.20
per share. 

As a result of these settlements and conversions,
the Company recorded 567,000 of additional expense for debt conversion inducement representing the value of the shares issued at market
and the 12.20 per share conversion price on the date of issuance. 

As a result of the settlements and resolution
of litigation, the Company recorded a gain of 760,000 for Fiscal 2020. 

F- 24 

March 2020 Warrant and Note Exchanges
and Note Conversions 

Between March 1, 2020 and March 22,
2020, the conversion terms of the December 2019 Exchange Notes and March 2019 Notes were modified at the mutual agreement of
the investors and the Company to temporarily change the conversion price to a fixed conversion price of 9.20 per share. Three investors
converted 1,047,000 of the Company s Convertible Notes and 25,000 of accrued default interest into 135,508 shares of common stock
at a conversion price of 9.20 per share. The Company recorded an additional loss on note conversion of 413,000 representing the pro
rata portion of the unamortized note discount and deferred financing fees. 

On March 23, 2020, the Company entered into
the following Amendment and Exchange Agreements (the Amendment and Exchange Agreements with certain institutional investors,
pursuant to which the Company amended and restated certain existing March 2019 Notes, which included the capitalization of 59,000
of accrued default interest (the Amended and Restated Notes and issued (i) convertible notes in an aggregate principal
amount of 167,000 convertible into shares of common stock at a conversion price of 9.20 per share of common stock (the Exchange
Notes ), (ii) warrants to purchase an aggregate of 162,950 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 10.17 per share
of common stock (the Exchange Warrants and (iii) an aggregate of 82,654 shares of common stock, as described below: 

On
 March 23, 2020, the Company entered into an Amendment and Exchange Agreement with Alpha
 Capital Anstalt Alpha pursuant to which the Company (a) issued to Alpha
 an Amended and Restated Note in an aggregate principal amount of 723,000, which included
 the capitalization of 51,000 of accrued default interest, and (b) in exchange for outstanding
 warrants to purchase shares of common stock held by Alpha, issued to Alpha (i) 66,123
 shares of common stock, (ii) a March 2020 Exchange Warrant to purchase 130,360
 shares of common stock, and (iii) a March 2020 Exchange Note in an aggregate principal
 amount of 145,000. 

On
 March 23, 2020, the Company entered into an Amendment and Exchange Agreement with Osher
 Capital Partners LLC Osher pursuant to which the Company (a) issued
 to Osher an Amended and Restated Note in an aggregate principal amount of 108,000, which
 included the capitalization of 8,000 of accrued default interest, and (b) in exchange
 for outstanding warrants to purchase shares of common stock held by Osher, issued to Osher
 (i) 16,531 shares of common stock, (ii) a March 2020 Exchange Warrant to purchase
 32,590 shares of common stock, and (iii) a March 2020 Exchange Note in an aggregate
 principal amount of 22,000. 

On March 24, 2020, the Company entered into
an Exchange Agreement (the Exchange Agreement and, together with the Amendment and Exchange Agreements, the March 2020
Agreements with CVI Investments, Inc. CVI pursuant to which CVI exchanged its outstanding senior convertible
note due 2022 for (i) a warrant to purchase 260,719 shares of common stock (the CVI Exchange Warrant and, together
with the Exchange Warrants the March 2020 Exchange Warrants and (b) a senior convertible note in an aggregate
principal amount of 1,829,000 convertible into shares of common stock at a conversion price of 9.20 per share (the CVI Exchange
Note , and together with the Exchange Notes, the March 2020 Exchange Notes ). 

The Company evaluated the March 2020 Agreements
as an exchange under ASC 470 and determined that the exchanges should be treated as debt extinguishments and reissuances. The Company
accelerated the remaining unamortized discount and deferred financing fees as of the date of the exchange and recorded the fair value
of the shares issued in exchange for the warrants cancelled as a loss on exchange of 1,592,000. The Company valued the revised conversion
features of the Amended and Restated Notes, the March 2020 Exchange Notes and the March 2020 Exchange Warrants using the binomial
method and recorded a discount of 2,825,000 on the exchange dates. 

F- 25 

The Company used the following assumptions to
value the conversion features and March 2020 Exchange Warrants: 

March 2020
 
Conversion 
Feature 

March 2020
 
Exchange 
 Warrants 

(unaudited) 

(unaudited) 

Risk free rate 

0.08-0.17 

0.038 

Market price per share 

6.63-6.68 

6.63-6.68 

Life of instrument in years 

0.47-1.15 

5.5 

Volatility 

117-139 

117 

Dividend yield 

Between March 24, 2020 and May 18,
2020, CVI converted 1,829,000 of its senior convertible notes into 198,756 shares of common stock, Alpha converted 868,000 of its senior
convertible notes into 94,298 shares of common stock, and Osher converted 130,000 of its senior convertible notes into 14,023 shares
of common stock. These conversions resulted in full acceleration of all unamortized debt discount to expense of 2,419,000, recorded
as other expense in the statement of operations as loss on conversion. 

Certain conversions during Fiscal 2020 resulted in shares issued below
the closing market price on the date of conversion. The Company recorded 57,000 of additional loss on conversion to the statement of
operations for Fiscal 2020, representing the difference in fair value between the closing share price and the conversion price on the
date of issuance. 

During Fiscal 2020, the Company amortized 2,210,000,
to interest expense from the combined amortization of deferred financing costs and note discounts recorded at issuance for the June 2018
Notes, the March 2019 Notes, March 2019 Exchange Notes, and the December 2019 Exchange Notes (as defined above). 

Note 11: Stockholders Equity 

Preferred Stock 

As previously disclosed, in September 2016,
the founding shareholders of the Company were granted options to acquire preferred stock of the Company (the Preferred Options ).
The number of Preferred Options granted was based upon the number of shares held at the time of the grant. These Preferred Options are
nontransferable and forfeited upon the sale of the related founding shares of common stock held by the option holder. Upon the occurrence
of certain specified events, such founding shareholders can exercise each Preferred Option to purchase one share of preferred stock of
the Company at an exercise price of 0.0001 per share. The preferred stock underlying the Preferred Options does not include any rights
to dividends or preference upon liquidation of the Company and is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock on a one-for-one
basis. The Preferred Options became exercisable upon the consummation of the Vensure Asset Sale in January 2020, as discussed above.
During Fiscal 2020, the Company recorded an expense of 62.1 million, related to the triggering of the Preferred Options as other expense,
which was calculated pursuant to the Black-Scholes-Merton methodology applicable to valuing the 24,634,560 Preferred Options that became
exercisable and exchangeable into an equal number of shares of common stock. 

The Company initially evaluated the Preferred
Options using the Level 1 market price on the date of valuation -- March 25, 2020 -- and concluded that this represented an illiquid
market price and therefore was not a reliable valuation metric. The Company then evaluated the Preferred Options on the same date using
Level 2 inputs based on the offering price of the Company s common stock and warrants issued in connection with its May 2020
Public Offering, as adjusted for the fair value of the warrants issued in conjunction with said public offering. The resulting allocated
common share price was then discounted for a lack of marketability of shares subject to lock-up agreements entered into
in connection with the May 2020 Public Offering, which yielded a fair value of 2.52 per Preferred Option. The Company used the
following assumptions to value the expense related to the Preferred Options: (i) option life of 3.77 years; (ii) risk free
rate of 0.47 ; (iii) volatility of 134 ; (iv) exercise price of 0.0001 per share; and (v) a fair value of 3.62 per share
of the Company s common stock. 

F- 26 

On June 4, 2020, Scott W. Absher, the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, exercised 12,500,000 Preferred Options to purchase 12,500,000 shares of our preferred stock for an aggregate
purchase price of 1,250. Immediately following the exercise of the Preferred Options described above, Mr. Absher elected to convert
the 12,500,000 shares of preferred stock into 12,500,000 shares of common stock, which are subject to a 24-month lock-up period during
which such shares may not be traded. Between July 20, 2020 and November 30, 2020, an additional 294,490 Preferred Options were
exercised and converted into 294,490 shares of common stock, which were subject to a six-month lock up period at the time they were issued,
during which such shares could not be traded on the open market. As of the date of this Form 10-K, the restrictions on 294,490 of
these shares have been lifted, rendering them freely tradeable, while 11,827,570 Preferred Options issued pursuant to the September 2016
grant and triggered by the Vensure Asset Sale remain unexercised. On October 22, 2021, the Company s board of directors canceled
11,790,000 of these Preferred Options previously issued to its co-founder, J. Stephen Holmes, pursuant to the September 2016 grant.
Accordingly, these Preferred Options are no longer exercisable. 

The amount of Preferred Options, and the number
of shares of preferred stock issuable upon exercise of such options, is based upon the number of shares of common stock held by the option
holders at the time the Preferred Options were issued in September 2016. Accordingly, in order to confirm the original intent of
the granting of up to 25,000,000 Preferred Options to Mr. Absher, it has always been the Company s intent to adopt a second
grant of Preferred Options granting an additional 12,500,000 Preferred Options to Mr. Absher, whereby each option permits the holder
to acquire one share of the Company s preferred stock for 0.0001 per share. On August 13, 2021, consistent with this intent,
the Company granted 12,500,000 Preferred Options to Mr. Absher to purchase shares of Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share,
for consideration of 0.0001 per share. Each Preferred Option is exercisable for a period of twenty-four months upon (i) the acquisition
of a Controlling Interest (as defined below) in the Company by any single shareholder or group of shareholders acting in concert, (other
than Mr. Absher), or (ii) the announcement of (x) any proposed merger, consolidation, or business combination in which
the Company s Common Stock is changed or exchanged, or (y) any sale or distribution of at least 50 of the Company s
assets or earning power, other than through a reincorporation. Each share of Preferred Stock is convertible into Common Stock on a one-for-one
basis. Controlling Interest means the ownership or control of outstanding voting shares of the Company sufficient to enable
the acquiring person, directly or indirectly and individually or in concert with others, to exercise one-fifth or more of all the voting
power of the Company in the election of directors or any other business matter on which shareholders have the right to vote under the
Wyoming Business Corporation Act. 

May 2020 Public Offering 

On May 20, 2020, the Company entered into
an underwriting agreement (the May Underwriting Agreement with A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners AGP ),
in connection with a public offering (the May 2020 Offering of an aggregate of (i) 1,898,850 shares of the Company s
common stock, (ii) pre-funded warrants to purchase 323,310 shares of common stock (the Pre-Funded Warrants and (iii) warrants
to purchase 1,277,580 shares of common stock (the May 2020 Common Warrants ), which included the partial exercise of
AGP s over-allotment option to purchase 166,500 additional May 2020 Common Warrants. 

Each share of common stock and Pre-Funded Warrant
sold in the May 2020 Offering was sold together with a May 2020 Common Warrant as a fixed combination, with each share of common
stock and Pre-Funded Warrant sold being accompanied by a May 2020 Common Warrant to purchase 0.5 shares of common stock. Each share
of common stock and accompanying May 2020 Common Warrant was sold at a price to the public of 5.40, and each Pre-Funded Warrant
and accompanying May 2020 Common Warrant was sold at a price to the public of 5.399. The May 2020 Common Warrants were immediately
exercisable and will expire on May 26, 2025 and have an exercise price of 5.40 per share, subject to anti-dilution and other adjustments
for certain stock splits, stock dividends, or recapitalization. 

The May 2020 Offering closed on May 26,
2020 for gross proceeds of approximately 12.0 million, prior to deducting 1.7 million of costs consisting of underwriting discounts
and commissions and offering expenses payable by the Company, which includes a partial exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment
option to purchase additional May 2020 Common Warrants. All Pre-Funded Warrants issued or issuable were exercised on or prior to
the closing date of May 26, 2020. Pursuant to the May Underwriting Agreement, the Company, upon closing of the May 2020
Offering, issued to AGP warrants to purchase up to 111,108 shares of common stock (the May Underwriter Warrants ),
representing 5.0 of the aggregate number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants sold
in the May 2020 Offering. The May Underwriter Warrants are exercisable at any time and from time to time, in whole or in part,
commencing from six months after the closing date and ending five years from the closing date, at a price per share equal to 5.94, which
is 110 of the public offering price per share. 

F- 27 

On June 11, 2020 the Company closed an over-allotment
option from the May 2020 Offering for additional gross proceeds of approximately 0.9 million, prior to deducting underwriting discounts
and commissions and offering expenses payable by the Company, representing the partial exercise of AGP s over-allotment option
to purchase 166,500 shares of common stock at 5.40 per share. 

On July 7, 2020, the Company closed an over-allotment
option from the May 2020 Offering for additional gross proceeds of approximately 0.45 million, prior to deducting underwriting
discounts and commissions and offering expenses payable by the Company, representing the partial exercise of AGP s over-allotment
option to purchase 83,840 shares of common stock at 5.40 per share. 

October 2020 Public Offering 

On October 8, 2020, the Company entered
into an underwriting agreement (the October Underwriting Agreement with AGP in connection with a public offering
(the October 2020 Offering of an aggregate of (i) 4,000,000 shares of our common stock and (ii) warrants
to purchase 2,300,000 shares of common stock (the October 2020 Common Warrants ), which included the partial exercise
of AGP s over-allotment option to purchase 300,000 additional October 2020 Common Warrants. 

Each share of common stock was sold together
with an October 2020 Common Warrant as a fixed combination, with each share of common stock sold being accompanied by an October 2020
Common Warrant to purchase 0.5 shares of common stock. Each share of common stock and accompanying October 2020 Common Warrant was
sold at a price to the public of 3.00. The October 2020 Common Warrants were immediately exercisable, will expire on October 13,
2025, and have an exercise price of 3.30 per share, subject to anti-dilution and other adjustments for certain stock splits, stock dividends,
or recapitalizations. 

The October 2020 Offering closed on October 14,
2020, for gross proceeds of approximately 12.0 million, prior to deducting 1.3 million of costs consisting of underwriting discounts
and commissions and offering expenses payable by the Company, which includes a partial exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment
option to purchase additional October 2020 Common Warrants. Pursuant to the October Underwriting Agreement, the Company, upon
closing of the October 2020 Offering, issued to AGP warrants to purchase up to 200,000 shares of common stock (the October Underwriter
Warrants ), which is equivalent to 5.0 of the aggregate number of shares of common stock sold in the October 2020 Offering.
The October Underwriter Warrants are exercisable at any time and from time to time, in whole or in part, commencing six months after
the closing date and ending 5 years from the closing date, at a price per share equal to 3.30, which is equivalent to 110 of the public
offering price per share. 

May 2021 Private Placement 

On May 17, 2021, the Company closed a private
placement with a large institutional investor pursuant to which it sold to the investor an aggregate of (i) 2,320,000 shares of
the Company s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock ), together with warrants (the May 2021
Common Warrants to purchase up to 2,320,000 shares of Common Stock, with each May 2021 Common Warrant exercisable for one
share of Common Stock at a price per share of 2.425, and (ii) 2,628,453 prefunded warrants (the May 2021 Prefunded
Warrants ), together with the May 2021 Common Warrants to purchase up to 2,628,453 shares of Common Stock, with each May 2021
Prefunded Warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock at a price per share of 0.0001. Each share of Common Stock and accompanying
May 2021 Common Warrant were sold together at a combined offering price of 2.425 and each May 2021 Prefunded Warrant and accompanying
May 2021 Common Warrant were sold together at a combined offering price of 2.4249. 

The May 2021 Prefunded Warrants are immediately
exercisable, at a nominal exercise price of 0.0001, and may be exercised at any time until all of the May 2021 Prefunded Warrants
are exercised in full. The May 2021 Common Warrants have an exercise price of 2.425 per share, are immediately exercisable, and
will expire five years from June 15, 2021, which is the date that the registration statement covering the resale of the shares underlying
the Common Warrants was declared effective. The private placement generated gross proceeds of approximately 12.0 million, prior to deducting
 0.94 million of costs consisting of Placement Agent commissions and offering expenses payable by the Company. In addition to the seven
percent (7.0 of the aggregate gross proceeds cash fee, the Company issued to the Placement Agent warrants to purchase an aggregate
of up to five percent (5 of the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the May 2021 Prefunded Warrants
sold in the private placement (the May Placement Agent Warrants ). The May Placement Agent Warrants are exercisable
commencing on November 17, 2021 (six months after issuance), expire June 15, 2025, and have an initial exercise price of 2.6675
per share. 

F- 28 

Common Stock and Warrants 

During Fiscal 2021, the Company issued the following
securities pursuant to the transactions described above: 

4,000,000
 shares of common stock pursuant to the October 2020 Public Offering at 3.00 per share
 and warrants to purchase 2,300,000 shares of common stock. 

2,320,000
 shares of common stock, 2,628,453 May 2021 Prefunded Warrants and May 2021 Common
 Warrants to purchase up to 4,948,453 shares of common stock pursuant to the May 2021
 Private Placement. Each share of Common Stock and accompanying May 2021 Common Warrant
 were sold together at a combined offering price of 2.425, and each May 2021 Prefunded
 Warrant and accompanying May 2021 Common Warrant were sold together at a combined offering
 price of 2.4249. 

During Fiscal 2020, the Company issued the following
securities pursuant to the transactions described above: 

12,794,220
 shares of common stock pursuant to the exercise of Preferred Options. 

2,472,500
 shares of common stock pursuant to the May 2020 Public Offering at 5.40 per share,
 pre-funded warrants to purchase 323,310 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 1,277,580
 shares of common stock. 

628,353
 shares of common stock in connection with the settlement of the Company's senior convertible notes as described in Note 10, Senior
 Convertible Notes Payable , above, and further described in the Company's Form 10-K for Fiscal 2020. 

856
 shares of common stock to two directors for services rendered valued at 75,000. 

The following table summarizes the
changes in the Company s issued and outstanding common stock and prefunded warrants from August 31, 2020 to August 31,
2021: 

Number 
 of 
shares 

Weighted 
 average 
 remaining 
life 
(years) 

Weighted 
average 
exercise 
 price 

Warrants
outstanding, August 31, 2020 

1,896,209 

4.7 

7.91 

Issued 

10,324,329 

4.6 

2.03 

(Cancelled) 

0 

(Exercised) 

(2,628,453) 

4.8 

Warrants
outstanding, August 31, 2021 

9,592,085 

5.7 

3.02 

Warrants
exercisable, August 31, 2021 

9,344,662 

4.4 

3.84 

F- 29 

The following tables summarize the Company s
issued and outstanding warrants outstanding as of August 31, 2021: 

Warrants 
 Outstanding 

Weighted 
average 
Life of 
Outstanding 
Warrants 
in years 

Exercise 
price 

May 2021 Common Warrants 

4,948,453 

4.8 

2.43 

May 2021Underwriter
Warrants (1) 

247,423 

4.2 

2.67 

October 2020 Common Warrants 

2,300,000 

4.1 

3.30 

October 2020 Underwriter Warrants 

200,000 

4.1 

3.30 

May 2020 Common Warrants 

1,277,580 

3.8 

5.40 

May 2020 Underwriter Warrants 

111,108 

3.8 

5.40 

March 2020 Exchange Warrants 

423,669 

4.1 

10.17 

Amended March 2019 Warrants 

66,288 

2.5 

40.00 

March 2019 Services Warrants 

3,366 

2.5 

70.00 

June 2018 Warrants 

6,276 

2.3 

40.00 

June 2018 Services Warrants 

5,422 

2.3 

99.60 

2017 PIPE Warrants 

2,500 

1.0 

276.00 

9,592,085 

4.4 

3.84 

(1) The
May 2021 Underwriter Warrants are not exercisable until November 17, 2021. 

Note 12: Stock Based Compensation 

Employee Stock Option Plan Increase 

In March 2017, the Company adopted its 2017
Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan (the Plan ). The Plan provides incentives to eligible employees, officers, directors and
consultants in the form of incentive stock options ISOs ), non-qualified stock options NQs ), (each of which
is exercisable into shares of common stock) (collectively, Options or shares of common stock Share Grants ). 

On July 1, 2020, the Company's board of
directors unanimously approved an increase in the number of shares of common stock issuable under the Plan from 250,000 to 3,000,000,
and granted options that were contingent upon shareholder approval. Also on July 1, 2020, the board approved the award, primarily
to current employees, and subject to shareholder approval no later than the next regularly scheduled annual meeting, of grants of options
to purchase 1,235,159 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 5.40 per share, which was the closing price
of the Company s common stock as reported by Nasdaq at the close of trading on the day of the board s action. Of the options
awarded, 995,000 are designated as ISOs, and 280,159 are designated as NQs or non-statutory options under the Internal
Revenue Code. These options have a 10-year life, and will vest over a four-year period, with 25 vesting on July 1, 2021, and the
remainder vesting ratably on a quarterly basis over the following three years. During Fiscal 2021, an additional 270,937 ISOs were granted
at exercise prices between 3.44 and 5.40 per share (the closing price of the Company s common stock as reported by Nasdaq on
the date of the grant), and 148,959 of the ISOs granted between July 1, 2020 and August 31, 2021 were cancelled. The remaining
1,357,137 ISOs are reported as non-exercisable in the table below. 

On March 31, 2021, the Company s shareholders
approved the increase in the number of shares of common stock issuable under the Plan as well as the various contingent grant awards
under the Plan since July 1, 2020. As such, all previously unexercisable option grant awards became exercisable and the option awards
granted since July 1, 2020 were no longer subject to any contingency not set forth in the Plan. 

On June 4, 2021, the Company registered
an aggregate of 3,000,000 shares, par value 0.0001 per share, reserved for issuance under the Plan. 

F- 30 

For all options granted prior to July 1,
2020, each option is immediately exercisable and has a term of service vesting provision over a period of time as follows: 25 vest after
a 12-month service period following the award, with the balance vesting in equal monthly installments over the succeeding 36 months.
The options granted on or after July 1, 2020, typically vest over four years, with 25 of the grant vesting one year from the grant
date, and the remainder in equal quarterly installments over the succeeding 12 quarters. All options granted to date have a stated ten-year
term. 

Stock grants are issued at fair value, considered
to be the market price on the grant date. The fair value of option awards is estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes stock
option pricing model. 

Following its adoption of ASU 2016-9, the Company
elected to account for forfeitures under the Plan as they occur. Any compensation cost previously recognized for an unvested award that
is forfeited because of a failure to satisfy a service condition is reversed in the period of the forfeiture. 

The Company recognized approximately 1,594,000
and 1,300,000 of compensation expense for Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively. During Fiscal 2020, the Company fully vested all
options granted to personnel who were terminated as a result of the Vensure Asset Sale, as described above, which resulted in the acceleration
of 9,737 options and 483,000 of stock-based compensation recorded in stock-based compensation general and administrative. 

The Company compensates its board members through
grants of common stock for services performed. These services have been accrued within the accounts payable and other accrued liabilities
on the consolidated balance sheet. The Company has incurred 169,000 and 150,000 for the Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 , respectively. 

At August 31, 2021, the total unrecognized
deferred share-based compensation expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted average vesting periods of three years for outstanding
grants was 4,191,000. 

The following table summarizes the Company s
option grant, exercise and forfeiture activity from August 31, 2019, through August 31, 2021: 

Options Outstanding and Exercisable 

Number 
 of 
 Options 
 Weighted 
 Average 
 Remaining 
 Contractual 
 Life 
 Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise 
 Price 

(In years) 

Balance, August 31, 2019 
 50,749 
 9.0 
 95.20 
 
 Granted 
 1,506,096 
 10.0 
 5.30 
 
 Exercised 

Forfeited 
 (158,105 
 9.6 
 56.08 
 
 Balance, August 31, 2020 
 1,398,740 
 9.5 
 8.18 
 
 Granted 
 840,000 
 8.5 
 2.61 
 
 Exercised 

Forfeited 
 (461,720 
 5.9 
 2.72 
 
 Balance at August 31, 2021 
 1,776,115 
 8.9 
 6.53 

Options outstanding as of August 31, 2021
and August 31, 2020 had aggregate intrinsic value of 0 and 22,000, respectively. 

At August 31, 2021, the total unrecognized
deferred share-based compensation expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted average vesting periods of 3.7 years for outstanding
grants was 6,000,000. 

F- 31 

Option vesting activity from August 31,
2019, through August 31, 2021 was as follows: 

Options Vested 
 Number 
 of 
 Options 
 Weighted 
 Remaining 
 Contractual 
 Life 
 Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise 
 Price 

(In years) 

Balance, August 31, 2019 
 10,291 
 8.0 
 152.80 
 
 Vested 
 19,414 
 8.1 
 89.06 
 
 Exercised 

Forfeited 
 (1,295 
 6.4 
 140.09 
 
 Balance, August 31, 2020 
 28,410 
 7.2 
 115.10 
 
 Vested 
 281,622 
 8.8 
 7.15 

Exercised 
 
 0 

Forfeited 
 (775 
 6.1 
 67.17 
 
 Balance at August 31, 2021 
 309,257 
 8.6 
 16.91 

The following table summarizes information about
stock options outstanding and vested at August 31, 2021: 

Options
 Outstanding 
 Options
 Vested 
 
 Exercise Prices 
 Number
 
 of Options 
 not 
 Exercisable 
 Number
 
 of Options 
 Exercisable 
 Weighted 
 Average 
 Remaining 
 Contractual 
 Life 
 Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise 
 Price 
 Number
 
 of 
 Options 
 Weighted 
 Remaining 
 Contractual 
 Life 
 Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise 
 Price 

(In years) 

(In years) 

3.44-10.00 
 
 1,735,418 
 9.3 
 4.72 
 275,104 
 8.9 
 5.30 
 
 10.01- 40.00 
 
 3,500 
 7.8 
 21.69 
 2,086 
 7.8 
 21.68 
 
 40.01 80.00 
 
 13,396 
 7.6 
 51.21 
 10,072 
 7.6 
 51.22 
 
 80.01 120.00 
 
 10,302 
 6.7 
 102.90 
 8,987 
 6.7 
 102.84 
 
 120.01 160.00 
 
 12,375 
 6.0 
 155.20 
 11,883 
 6.0 
 155.48 
 
 160.01- 391.60 
 
 1,125 
 5.9 
 391.60 
 1,125 
 5.9 
 391.60 

1,776,115 
 8.9 
 6.53 
 309,257 
 8.6 
 16.91 

The number of options and exercise prices have
been presented retroactively for the 1 for 40 reverse stock split, which was effective December 17, 2019. 

Note 13: Related Parties 

J. Stephen Holmes formerly served as a non-employee
sales manager advisor to and significant shareholder of the Company. The Company incurred 750,000 in professional fees for services
provided by Mr. Holmes during each of Fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. On or about October 22, 2021, the Company severed
all ties with Mr. Holmes, effective immediately, and cancelled Preferred Options that had previously been issued to him but had
not been exercised. As a result of these actions, the Company no longer has any financial obligation to Mr. Holmes, and believes
that he is no longer a significant shareholder of the Company. 

During Fiscal 2021, we made one-time payments
to certain of our employees totaling approximately 650,000 in connection with their agreement to relocate from California to our new
principal executive offices in Miami, Florida. Included among these were payments to the following related parties, in the amounts indicated:
(i) Scott W. Absher, our board of directors Chair and Chief Executive Officer, 160,000; (ii) Amanda Murphy, our Director of
Operations and a member of our Board, 80,000; (iii) David May, a member of our business development team, and the son-in-law of
Mr. Absher, 80,000; (iv) Phil Eastvold, the Executive Producer of our wholly owned subsidiary, ShiftPixy Productions, Inc.,
and the son-in-law of Mr. Absher, 88,000; (v) Hannah Absher, an employee of the Company and the daughter of Mr. Absher,
 18,000; and (vi) Jared Holmes, an employee of the Company and son of J. Stephen Holmes, 18,000. 

F- 32 

David May, a member of our business development
team, is the son-in-law of Mr. Absher. In addition to the relocation bonus noted above, Mr. May received compensation,
including sales commissions, of approximately 149,000 and 132,000 for Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively. 

Phil Eastvold, the Executive Producer of ShiftPixy
Productions, Inc., is the son-in-law of Mr. Absher. In addition to the relocation bonus noted above, Mr. Eastvold received
compensation of approximately 224,000 for Fiscal 2021. Mr. Eastvold was not an employee of the Company prior to Fiscal 2021, and
therefore received no compensation during Fiscal 2020. 

Connie Absher, (the spouse of Scott Absher),
Elizabeth Eastvold, (the daughter of Scott and Connie Absher and spouse of Mr. Eastvold), and Hannah Absher, (the daughter of Scott
and Connie Absher), are also employed by the Company. These individuals, as a group, received aggregate compensation of 240,000 and
 220,000 for Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively. In addition, as noted above, Hannah Absher received a relocation bonus of approximately
 18,000 during Fiscal 2021, in connection with her relocation. Neither Connie Absher nor Elizabeth Eastvold received any such relocation
bonus. 

Amanda Murphy is a member of the Company s
board of directors and its Director of Operations, and has been named as the Company s Chief Operating Officer effective January 1,
2022. In addition to the relocation bonus noted above, Ms. Murphy received compensation of approximately 264,000 and 240,000 for
Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively. 

On December 23, 2019, pursuant to the terms
of his director agreement, the Company issued to Whitney White, one of its independent directors, 428 shares of our common stock, valued
at 37,500, or 87.62 per share. 

On June 2, 2021, the Company s board
of directors approved a one-time discretionary cash bonus award to Mr. Absher in the amount of 240,000, in recognition of his recent
contributions to the Company. 

Note 14: Income Taxes 

Current income taxes are based upon the year s
income taxable for federal and state tax reporting purposes. Deferred income taxes (benefits) are provided for certain income and expenses,
which are recognized in different periods for tax and financial reporting purposes. 

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are computed
for differences between the financial statements and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in taxable or deductible amounts
in the future based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the period in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income.
The Company s deferred income taxes arise from the temporary differences between financial statement and income tax recognition
of net operating losses. These loss carryovers would be limited under the Internal Revenue Code should a significant change in ownership
occur within a three-year period. 

F- 33 

Significant components of the net deferred tax assets as reflected
on the consolidated balance sheets are as follows: 

August 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Deferred tax liabilities: 

Depreciation 
 (597,000 
 (111,000 
 
 Software development costs 
 
 (265,000 
 
 Note receivable 
 (1,088,000 
 (1,132,000 
 
 Total deferred tax liabilities 
 (1,685,000 
 (1,508,000 

Deferred tax assets: 

Net operating loss carryforward 
 18,198,000 
 9,362,000 
 
 Business interest 
 2,998,000 
 3,087,000 
 
 Other accruals 
 458,000 

Workers compensation accruals 
 2,061,000 
 2,202,000 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 207,000 
 759,000 
 
 Deferred rent 
 168,000 
 14,000 
 
 Other 
 6,000 

Total deferred tax assets 
 24,096,000 
 15,424,000 
 
 Valuation allowance 
 (22,411,000 
 (13,916,000 
 
 Total net deferred tax assets 
 1,685,000 
 1,508,000 
 
 Net deferred tax assets 

Income tax expense consists of the following: 

For the
 Year Ended 
 August 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Current 

Federal 

State 
 42,000 

Total current 
 42,000 

Deferred 

Federal 
 (5,059,000 
 (4,669,000 
 
 State 
 (2,807,000 
 (1,915,000 
 
 Total deferred 
 (7,866,000 
 (6,584,000 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 
 7,866,000 
 6,584,000 
 
 Total Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 
 42,000 

F- 34 

The reconciliation of the statutory federal rate to the Company s
effective income tax rate is as follows : 

August 31, 
 2021 
 August 31, 
 2020 
 
 Federal statutory rate (21 
 (5,738,000 
 (19,000,000 
 
 Non-deductible penalties and other permanent differences 
 333,000 
 49,000 
 
 State and local income taxes, net of federal benefit 
 (1,607,000 
 (1,688,000 
 
 Redetermination of prior year taxes 
 (812,000 
 184,000 
 
 Loss on debt extinguishment 
 
 747,000 
 
 Preferred option exchange expense 
 
 13,039,000 
 
 Loss on inducement 
 
 453,000 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative and warrant liability 
 
 (368,000 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 
 7,866,000 
 6,584,000 
 
 Net income tax provision 
 42,000 

The Company s continuing practice is to
recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. As of August 31, 2021, and 2020, the Company
had no accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. 

The deferred tax assets primarily comprise net
operating loss carryforwards and other net temporary deductible differences such as stock-based compensation, deferred rent, depreciation
and workers compensation accrual. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable
income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred
tax liabilities, the projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on management s
analysis, they concluded that it was more likely than not that the deferred tax asset would not be realized. Therefore, the Company established
a full valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets. The change in the valuation allowance in 2021 and 2020 was approximately
 7,866,000 and 6,584,000, respectively. 

 As of August 31, 2021, and 2020, the Company
had cumulative federal net operating loss NOL carryforwards of approximately 64,652,000 and 34,115,000 respectively, which
begin to expire in 2035 and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 68,034,000 and 42,185,000, respectively. The Company s
net operating losses may be limited by the provisions of IRC Section 382, for which the Company has not performed an analysis of
the potential limitations. These limitations will be imposed when the Company attains taxable income against which the NOL will be utilized.
As of August 31, 2021 and 2020, the company had NOLs of 37,809,000 and 8,067,000, respectively; which have an indefinite life but are
limited to 80 of taxable income when used. As explained above, the Company has determined that it is more likely than not that the Company s
deferred tax assets related to NOL Carryforwards will not be utilized. 

On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid,
Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act was enacted in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The CARES Act, among other
things, permits NOL carryovers and carrybacks to offset 100 of taxable income for taxable years beginning before 2021. In addition,
the CARES Act allows NOLs incurred in 2018, 2019, and 2020 to be carried back to each of the five preceding taxable years to generate
a refund of previously paid income taxes. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the CARES Act, but at present the NOL carryback
provision has not resulted in a material cash benefit. 

The Company is subject to taxation in the U.S.
The tax years for 2017 and forward are subject to examination by tax authorities. The Company is not currently under examination by any
tax authority. 

Management has evaluated tax positions in accordance
with FASB ASC 740, and has not identified any tax positions, other than those discussed above, that require disclosure. The Company does
not expect a material change to this assessment over the 12 months following August 31, 2021. 

F- 35 

Note 15: Commitments 

Operating Lease 

Effective April 15, 2016, the Company entered
into a non-cancelable five-year operating lease for its Irvine facility. On July 25, 2017, the Company entered into a non-cancelable
operating lease for expansion space at its Irvine offices with a termination date that coincides with the termination date of the prior
lease and extended the terms of the original lease to extend until 2022. The leases for certain facilities contain escalation clauses
relating to increases in real property taxes as well as certain maintenance costs. 

Effective August 13, 2020, the Company entered
into a non-cancelable seven-year lease for 13,246 square feet of office space located in Miami, Florida to house its principal executive
offices commencing October 2020, and continuing through September 2027. The lease contains escalation clauses relating to increases
in real property taxes as well as certain maintenance costs. 

Effective October 1, 2020, the Company entered
into a non-cancelable 64-month lease for 23,500 square feet of primarily industrial space located in Miami, Florida, to house ghost kitchens,
production facilities, and certain marketing and technical functions, including those associated with ShiftPixy Labs. The lease contains
escalation clauses relating to increases in real property taxes as well as certain maintenance costs. 

Effective June 7, 2021, the Company entered
into a non-cancelable sublease agreement with Verifone, Inc. to sublease premises consisting of approximately 8,000 square feet
of office space located in Miami, Florida, that the Company anticipates using for its sales and operations workforce. The lease has a
term of three years expiring on May 31, 2024. The base rent is paid monthly and escalates annually pursuant to a schedule set forth
in the sublease. 

Effective June 21, 2021, the Company entered
into a non-cancelable 77 month lease, with an anticipated possession date of March 1, 2022, for premises consisting of approximately
13,418 square feet of office space located in Sunrise, Florida, that the Company anticipates using primarily to house its operations
personnel and other elements of its workforce. The base rent is paid monthly and escalates annually pursuant to a schedule set forth
in the lease. 

Future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable
operating leases at August 31, 2021, are as follows: 

Years ended August 31, 

2022 
 1,198,000 
 
 2023 
 1,014,000 
 
 2024 
 1,075,000 
 
 2025 
 1,108,000 
 
 2026 
 814,000 
 
 Thereafter 
 838,000 
 
 Total
 minimum payments 
 6,047,000 

ShiftPixy Labs Ghost Kitchens 

On March 17, 2021, the Company entered into
a master service agreement for the construction of six container units housing ten ghost kitchens, to be installed at its ShiftPixy Labs
industrial facility in Miami, Florida, for a cost of approximately 962,000. As of August 31, 2021, the Company has made payments
totaling 865,000 pursuant to this agreement, which it has capitalized as construction in progress and included under fixed assets on
the consolidated balance sheet. The Company expects to incur additional costs totaling 97,000 under this agreement, which it expects
to pay early in Fiscal 2022. 

Non-contributory 401(k) Plan 

The Company has a non-contributory 401(k) Plan
(the 401(k) Plan ). The 401(k) Plan covers all non-union employees who are at least 21 years of age and have completed
3 months of service. There were no employer contributions to the 401(k) Plan during Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020. 

SPAC Sponsorship 

On April 29, 2021, the Company announced
its sponsorship, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, of four SPAC IPOs. The Company purchased founder shares in each SPAC, through its
wholly-owned subsidiary, for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000 per SPAC. The number of Founder Shares issued was determined based
on the expectation that such Founder Shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares of each SPAC after its IPO (excluding the private
placement warrants described below and their underlying securities). 

F- 36 

The registration statement and prospectus covering
the IPO of one of these SPACs, IHC, was declared effective by the SEC on October 19, 2021, and IHC units (the IHC Units ),
consisting of one share of common stock and an accompanying warrant to purchase one share of IHC common stock, began trading on the NYSE
on October 20, 2021. The IHC IPO closed on October 22, 2021, raising gross proceeds for IHC of 115 million. In connection
with the IHC IPO, the Company purchased, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, 4,639,102 placement warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant,
for an aggregate purchase price of 4,639,102. The Company also anticipates purchasing private placement warrants in each of the three
other SPACs it is sponsoring, at a price of 1.00 per warrant, for an aggregate of 17,531,408 (or up to 18,656,408 if the over-allotment
option of each SPAC is exercised in full), which includes the Company s investment in Founder Shares and assumes that all four
SPAC IPOs are consummated and the pricing terms of each other SPAC IPO is identical to the pricing of the IHC IPO. Each private placement
warrant is exercisable to purchase one whole share of common stock in each SPAC at 11.50 per share. The private placement warrants of
each SPAC will be worthless to the extent that they do not complete an initial business combination. 

The investment amounts set forth above do not
include loans that the Company may extend to each SPAC in an amount not to exceed 500,000 individually (or 2 million in the aggregate),
in its role as sponsor. As of October 31, 2021, the Company had advanced, through its wholly owned subsidiary, an aggregate of approximately
 820,000 to the SPACs for payment of various expenses in connection with the SPAC IPOs, principally consisting of SEC registration, legal
and auditing fees. The Company anticipates that each of the SPACs will repay these advanced expenses from the proceeds of their respective
SPAC IPOs, as permitted. 

Note 16: Contingencies 

Certain conditions may exist as of the date the
financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company, but which will be resolved only when one or more future events
occur or fail to occur. The Company s management, in consultation with its legal counsel as appropriate, assesses such contingent
liabilities, and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. 

During the ordinary course of business, the Company
is subject to various claims and litigation. Management believes that the outcome of such claims or litigation will not have a material
adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flow. 

Kadima Litigation 

The Company is in a dispute with its former software
developer, Kadima Ventures Kadima ), over incomplete but paid for software development work. In May 2016, the Company
entered into a contract with Kadima for the development and deployment of user features that were proposed by Kadima for an original
build cost of 2.2 million to complete. This proposal was later revised upward to approximately 7.2 million to add certain
features to the original proposal. As of the date of this Form 10-K, the Company has paid approximately 11 million to Kadima, but
has never been provided access to the majority of the promised software. Kadima refused to continue development work, denied access to
developed software, and refuses to surrender to the Company any software that it has developed unless the Company pays an additional
 12.0 million above the 11.0 million already paid. In April 2019, Kadima filed a complaint against the Company in the
Superior Court of the State of Arizona, Maricopa County, alleging claims for breach of contract, promissory estoppel and unjust enrichment,
and seeking damages in excess of 11.0 million. The Company vigorously disputes and denies each of Kadima s claims, including
that it owes any sums to Kadima, and further believes that it is entitled, at a minimum, to a refund of a substantial portion of the
sums that it has already paid, along with the release of the software modules currently being withheld. In June 2020, the Company
engaged in a mediation with Kadima in an attempt to resolve the matter, which was unsuccessful. On July 14, 2020 the Company filed
an answer to Kadima s complaint, which denied Kadima s claims and asserted counter-claims for breach of contract and fraud.
Discovery is substantially complete, and a trial date has not been set. 

Splond Litigation 

On April 8, 2019, claimant, Corey Splond,
filed a class action lawsuit on behalf of himself and other similarly situated individuals in the Eighth Judicial District Court for
the State of Nevada, Clark County, naming the Company and its client as defendants, and alleging violations of certain wage and hour
laws. This lawsuit is in the initial stages, and the Company denies any liability. Even if the plaintiff ultimately prevails, the potential
damages recoverable will depend substantially upon whether the Court determines in the future that this lawsuit may appropriately be
maintained as a class action. Further, in the event that the Court ultimately enters a judgment in favor of plaintiff, the Company believes
that it would be contractually entitled to be indemnified by its client against at least a portion of any damage award. 

F- 37 

Radaro Litigation 

On July 9, 2020, the Company was served
with a complaint filed by one of its former software vendors, Radaro Inc., in the United States District Court for the Central District
of California, alleging damages arising from claims sounding in breach of contract and fraud. By Order filed October 21, 2020, the
Court dismissed plaintiff s claims for fraud and for punitive damages, with leave to replead. The Company denies plaintiff s
claims and is defending the lawsuit vigorously. Discovery is underway, and the Court has set a trial date of September 6, 2022. 

Everest Litigation 

On December 18, 2020, the Company was served
with a Complaint filed in the United States District Court for the Central District of California by its former workers compensation
insurance carrier, Everest National Insurance Company. The Complaint asserts claims for breach of contract, alleging that the Company
owes certain premium payments to plaintiff under a retrospective rated policy, and seeks damages of approximately 600,000. On February 5,
2021, the Company filed an Answer to Plaintiff s Complaint denying its claims for relief, and also filed a cross-claim against
the third party claims administrator, Gallagher Bassett Services, Inc., for claims sounding in breach of contract and negligence
based upon its administration of claims arising under the policy. By order dated April 7, 2021, the Court dismissed the Company s
complaint against Gallagher Bassett without prejudice to re-filing in another forum. On May 17, 2021, the Company refiled its complaint
against Gallagher Basset in the Circuit Court of Cook County, Illinois. Discovery is underway in both cases, and the California
Court has set a trial date in the Everest case of February 22, 2022, while no trial date has been set in the Illinois case. 

Sunz Litigation 

On March 19, 2021, the Company was served
with a Complaint filed in the Circuit Court for the 11th Judicial Circuit, Manatee County, Florida, by its former workers compensation
insurance carrier, Sunz Insurance Solutions, LLC. The Complaint asserts claims for breach of contract, alleging that the Company owes
payments for loss reserve funds totaling approximately 10 million. The Company denies plaintiff s allegations and is defending
the lawsuit vigorously. On May 12, 2021, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the complaint, and Sunz filed an amended complaint
in response. Discovery is proceeding in the matter and no trial date has been set. 

Internal Revenue Service IRS Notice 

On May 13, 2021, the Company received a Notice of Federal Tax Lien
Filing and Right to a Hearing Under IRC 6320 (the Notice from the IRS, claiming underpayment of Federal income taxes
for the 2020 tax year totaling 1,983,051, consisting of the following: (i) Federal income tax withholding; (ii) employee OASDI or Medicare
withholding; (iii) employer OASDI or Medicare taxes; and (iv) FUTA taxes. By letter dated June 9, 2021, the Company requested a Due Process
Hearing before the IRS, and further stated that it denies any underpayment on the grounds that the taxes in question are subject to various
deferrals and credits arising under the CARES Act, including the following: (i) Section 2302, which permits eligible employers to defer
payment of OASDI employer taxes; and (ii) Section 2301, which allows eligible employers to apply the Employee Retention Tax Credit, or
 ERTC , to taxes owed for the 2020 tax year. Further, subsequent to receiving the Notice, the Company made tax payments totaling
 880,109, which it believes should be credited against any alleged underpayment in the event that the claims underlying the Notice are
ultimately determined to be valid. As of the date of the filing of this report, the Company has received no response from the IRS, and
no date for a Due Process Hearing has been set. 

Note 17: Subsequent Events 

Management has evaluated events that have occurred
subsequent to the date of these consolidated financial statements and has determined that, other than those listed below, no such reportable
subsequent events exist through the date the financial statements were issued. 

Vensure Litigation 

On September 7, 2021, Shiftable HR Acquisition,
LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Vensure, filed a complaint against the Company in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware asserting
claims arising from the Asset Purchase Agreement (the APA governing the Vensure Asset Sale described above. The APA provided
for Vensure to purchase, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, certain of the Company s assets for total consideration of 19 million
in cash, with 9.5 million to be paid at closing, and the remainder to be paid in 48 equal monthly installments (the Installment
Sum ). The Installment Sum was subject to certain adjustments to account for various post-closing payments made by the parties,
and the APA provided for the following procedure to determine the final amount of the Installment Sum: (i) Within 90 days of the
effective date, Vensure was required to provide the Company with a Proposed Closing Statement , which must detail any adjustments;
(ii) Within 30 days of its receipt of Vensure s Proposed Closing Statement, the Company had the right to challenge any of
the proposed adjustments contained therein; and (iii) If the Company disputed Vensure s Proposed Closing Statement, a 30-day
period ensued for the parties to attempt to resolve the dispute, with the Company entitled to examine such Books and Records of
[Vensure] as relate to the specific items of dispute . . . 

Vensure resisted the Company s repeated
efforts to obtain the Proposed Closing Statement for over one year after the closing of the transaction. Finally, on March 12, 2021,
under threat of legal action by the Company, Vensure provided its Proposed Closing Statement, in which it contended for the first time
that it owes nothing to the Company, and that the Company actually owes Vensure the sum of 1,519,991. By letter dated April 6,
2021, the Company provided Vensure with its objections to the Proposed Closing Statement, which included Vensure s gross overstatement
of payments it purportedly made on the Company s behalf, as well as its bad faith actions in obstructing the Company s efforts
to make these payments. 

F- 38 

From April 2021 through August 2021,
Vensure and the Company engaged in the 30-day negotiation period referred to above, which was extended multiple times at
Vensure s request to provide Vensure an opportunity to provide evidence supporting its assertions. Over the course of these negotiations,
Vensure withdrew its claim for approximately 1.5 million from the Company, and acknowledged that Vensure owed ShiftPixy some portion
of the Installment Fund. Nevertheless, in early September 2021, without warning and contrary to the dispute resolution provisions
of the APA, Vensure filed suit against the Company in Delaware Chancery Court for breach of contract and declaratory judgment, seeking
unspecified damages. The Company vigorously disputes and denies each of Vensure s claims. Accordingly, on November 4, 2021,
the Company filed its Answer and Counterclaim to Vensure s Complaint, in which it not only denied Vensure s claims, but also
asserted counterclaims for breach of contract and tortious interference with contract. The counterclaim seeks damages from Vensure totaling
approximately 9.5 million the full amount due under the APA -- plus an award of attorneys fees and expenses. Discovery
is expected to commence shortly. 

September 2021 Private Placement 

On September 3, 2021, the Company closed
a 12 million private placement transaction, inclusive of 0.9 million of placement agent fees and costs, with a large institutional
investor pursuant to which the Company sold to the investor an aggregate of (i) 2,850,000 shares of Common Stock, together with
warrants (the September 2021 Common Warrants to purchase up to 2,850,000 shares of Common Stock, with each September 2021
Common Warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock at a price per share of 1.595, and (ii) 4,673,511 prefunded warrants (the
 September 2021 Prefunded Warrants ), together with the September 2021 Common Warrants to purchase up to 4,673,511
shares of Common Stock, with each September 2021 Prefunded Warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock at a price per share
of 0.0001. Each share of Common Stock and accompanying September 2021 Common Warrant were sold together at a combined offering
price of 1.595 and each September 2021 Prefunded Warrant and accompanying September 2021 Common Warrant were sold together
at a combined offering price of 1.5949. 

The September 2021 Prefunded Warrants are
immediately exercisable at a nominal exercise price of 0.0001, and may be exercised at any time until all of the September 2021
Prefunded Warrants are exercised in full. The September 2021 Common Warrants have an exercise price of 1.595 per share, are immediately
exercisable, and will expire five years from the date that the registration statement covering the resale of the shares underlying the
September 2021 Common Warrants is declared effective (which has not yet occurred). The private placement generated gross proceeds
of approximately 12.0 million, prior to deducting 0.89 million of costs consisting of Placement Agent commissions and offering
expenses payable by the Company. In addition to the seven percent 7 of the aggregate gross proceeds cash fee, the Company issued
to the Placement Agent warrants to purchase an aggregate of up to five percent (5 of the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon exercise of the September 2021 Prefunded Warrants sold in the offering (the September Placement Agent
Warrants ). The September Placement Agent Warrants are exercisable for a period commencing on March 3, 2022 (six months
after issuance) and expire four years from the effective date (which has not yet occurred) of a registration statement for the resale
of the underlying shares, and have an initial exercise price of 1.7545 per share. 

F- 39 

Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers 

On October 22, 2021, the Company s
board of directors approved annual salary increases for the following named executive officers and related parties, all of which are
effective January 1, 2022 unless otherwise indicated: (i) Scott W. Absher, the Company s board of directors Chair and
Chief Executive Officer, to 1,000,000 from 764,673; (ii) Domonic J. Carney, the Company s Chief Financial Officer, to 750,000
from 474,152; Robert S. Gans, the Company s General Counsel, to 750,000 from 474,152; and (iii) Amanda Murphy, the Company s
current Director of Operations and a member of its board, to 500,000 from 264,152 (to coincide with her promotion to the position of
Chief Operating Officer of the Company). In addition, the board of directors approved the following discretionary bonuses to the following
named executive officers, all of which are payable January 1, 2022 unless otherwise indicated: (i) 500,000 to Mr. Absher,
(of which 50 was payable upon board of directors approval with the remainder payable January 1); (ii) 150,000 to Mr. Carney;
and (iii) 150,000 to Mr. Gans. No portion of the discretionary bonuses has been paid as of the date of this Form 10-K. 

Cancellation of Preferred Options 

On October 22, 2021, the Company cancelled 11,790,000 Preferred
Options previously issued to J. Stephen Holmes but never exercised, and severed all business ties with Mr. Homes effective immediately. 

F- 40 

Item 9. Changes in and
Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 

None 

Item 9A. Controls and
Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s reports filed under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such
information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and the
Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer), to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and
evaluating disclosure controls and procedures, the Company recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and
operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its
judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

The Company carried out an evaluation under the
supervision and with the participation of management, including the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, of the
effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K as defined in Rule 13a
-15(e) and Rule 15d -15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, the Principal Executive Officer and Principal
Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of period covered in this report, disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
due to material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting related to the lack of adequate finance and accounting personnel. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

The Company s management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a -15(f) and
Rule 15d -15 (f) of the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes, in accordance with
GAAP. Because of inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate due
to a change in conditions, or due to the possibility that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of its management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2021, based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on its evaluation as of
August 31, 2021, management concluded that internal controls over financial reporting were not effective. The Company will be implementing
further internal controls throughout Fiscal 2022, so as to fully comply with the standards set by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission. 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of control deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The material weaknesses
detected relate to the following: 

Lack of Adequate Finance and Accounting
Personnel 

The Company s current accounting staff is small, and for the
early part of Fiscal 2021 we did not have the required infrastructure or accounting staff expertise to adequately prepare financial statements
in accordance with U.S. GAAP or meet the higher demands of being a U.S. public company. We also lack adequate written policies and procedures
for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements. The lack
of sufficient personnel creates inadequate segregation of duties, which makes the reporting process susceptible to errors, omissions,
and inadequate review procedures. The lack of sufficient technical accounting personnel resulted in a restatement of the Company s
financial statements for the quarter ended May 31, 2021 relating to the consolidation of the Company s SPAC investments and
revenue recognition policy as it relates to staffing revenue. During Fiscal 2021, the Company began to implement a plan to develop its
accounting and finance staff to meet the needs of its growing business, including but not limited to the hiring of new staff, departmental
training and the development of entity level controls and mitigating activity level controls to reduce the risk of management override
resulting from inadequate segregation of duties. That plan was not fully implemented during the year and will continue into Fiscal 2021.
During Fiscal 2021, however, the Company engaged outside experts to perform non-routine analyses for valuation of options and other derivative
related expenses as well as to prepare the Company s income tax provisions and to review the discontinued operations accounting
and disclosures. The Company is in the process of finalizing written policies and procedures to formalize the requirements of GAAP and
SEC disclosure requirements. 

65 

The Company did not perform an effective risk
assessment or monitor internal controls over financial reporting including completing the documentation and procedures surrounding its
IT environment, controls over cut-off procedures, accounting for capitalized software, discontinued operations, segregation of duties,
and corporate oversight functions. The Company will continue its assessment on a quarterly basis. 

The Company plans to continue hiring additional
personnel and external resources to further mitigate these material weaknesses. 

Once the remediation plan for each material weakness
is fully implemented, the identified material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting will be considered fully addressed
when the relevant internal controls have been in operation for a sufficient period of time for management to conclude that the material
weaknesses have been fully remediated and the internal controls over financial reporting are effective. The Company will work to design,
implement and rigorously test these new controls in order to make these final determinations. 

This report does not include an attestation report
of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. The Company s registered
public accounting firm was not required to issue an attestation on its internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to temporary
rules of the SEC. The Company will continue to evaluate the effectiveness of internal controls and procedures on an on-going basis. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

Other than the changes to the internal controls
over financial reporting discussed above, there were no changes that have occurred during the year ended Fiscal 2021, that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None for the year ended August 31, 2021. 

66 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive
Officers, Promoters, Control Persons and Corporate Governance; Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 

Our board of directors elects our executive officers
annually, at a meeting following the annual meeting of shareholders. Our board of directors can also elect persons to fill any executive
officer vacancies. Each officer holds such office until their successor is elected and qualified, or until their death, earlier resignation
or removal. The following table sets forth information regarding our executive officers and directors as of November 29, 2021: 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Age 
 
 Scott W. Absher 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 61 
 
 Kenneth W. Weaver (1) (2) (3) 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 67 
 
 Domonic J. Carney 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 55 
 
 Robert Gans 
 
 General
 Counsel 
 
 56 
 
 Whitney White (1) (2) (3) 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 45 
 
 Christopher Sebes (1) 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 67 
 
 Amanda Murphy 
 
 Director 
 
 37 

(1) Member
 of the Audit Committee. 

(2) Member
 of the Compensation Committee. 

(3) Member
 of the Nominations Committee. 

Executive Officers 

Scott
W. Absher has served as our President, Chief Executive Officer and director since our formation in June 2015,
and also serves as board of directors Chair and Chief Executive Officer of each of our sponsored SPACs (for which he receives no form
of compensation from the SPACs). Since February 2010 he has also been President of Struxurety, a business insurance advisory company.
As a member of our board of directors, Mr. Absher contributes significant industry-specific experience and expertise to our insurance
products and services and has a deep understanding of all aspects of our business, products and markets, as well as substantial experience
developing corporate strategy, assessing emerging industry trends, and managing business operations. 

Domonic
J. Carney has served as our Chief Financial Officer since August 4, 2019, and also serves as Chief Financial Officer
of each of our sponsored SPACs (for which he receives no form of compensation from the SPACs). Mr. Carney began his career at Deloitte 
Touche where he audited high tech startups in Palo Alto, CA. Mr. Carney brings substantial experience in small, high-growth companies
as well as over fifteen years of C-Level experience in micro-cap public companies. Between 1994 and 2001, Mr. Carney worked for
various high-tech startups in Silicon Valley, CA, including software development, internet, and internet service providers in increasing
levels of responsibility. From 2001 until 2004, Mr. Carney was the Finance Director in San Diego, CA providing finance support for
the western half of the US Operations of Danka Office Imaging. From 2005 to 2012, Mr. Carney served as the Chief Financial Officer
for Composite Technology Corporation, an energy equipment and technology company that grew from pre-revenue to over 75 million a year
between 2005 and 2008. Between 2012 and 2014, Mr. Carney provided C-Level finance and accounting consulting services to manufacturing,
health care, energy, and technology companies in San Diego and Irvine, CA. From 2014 until 2019 Mr. Carney served as the Chief Financial
Officer for Ener-Core, Inc., an energy technology company located in Irvine, CA. Mr. Carney holds a Masters in Accounting degree
from Northeastern University, a Bachelors of Arts in Economics from Dartmouth College, and is licensed as a Certified Public Accountant
(inactive status) in the State of California. 

Robert
S Gans has served as our General Counsel since June 15, 2020, having spent the past 30 years as a litigator specializing
in securities fraud, accountants liability and corporate governance. Mr. Gans also serves as Secretary and General Counsel
for each of our sponsored SPACs (for which he receives no form of compensation from the SPACs). Prior to joining ShiftPixy, from 2009
to 2020, Mr. Gans maintained his own law office, where his activities included advising corporate boards with respect to their fiduciary
duties and disclosure obligations. Previously, Mr. Gans was a partner at the law firm of Bernstein Litowitz Berger Grossmann
LLP and began his career at the law firm of Schulte, Roth Zabel. Mr. Gans holds a Juris Doctor degree from New York University
School of Law, a Bachelors of Arts in Government from Dartmouth College, and is an active member of the Bars of New York and California. 

67 

Independent Directors 

Kenneth
W. Weaver has served as an independent director since December 5, 2016. Mr. Weaver currently serves as the chairman
of the Audit Committee and is also a member of the Compensation Committee and the Nominations Committee. Since April 2012, Mr. Weaver
has been the sole proprietor of Ken Weaver Consulting, providing operations consulting for TVV Capital, a Nashville Private Equity firm.
Before his service with TVV, Mr. Weaver spent over 30 years with Bridgestone Corporation, having served in various responsible leadership
roles, including as President, Bridgestone North American Tire Commercial Sales, Chief Financial Officer, Bridgestone Americas, and Chairman,
CEO and President, Firestone Diversified Products. Mr. Weaver earned both his bachelor s degree in business and his Master
of Business Administration degree from Pennsylvania State University. Mr. Weaver s substantial financial background qualifies
him as an audit committee financial expert under applicable rules. 

Whitney
White has served as an independent director since September 28, 2017. Mr. White serves as the chairman of the
Compensation and Nominations Committees, and is also a member of the Audit Committee. Since April 2017, Mr. White has been
Chief Operating Officer and Chief Technology Officer of Prime Trust, LLC, a Nevada chartered trust company. Before his service with Prime
Trust, Mr. White spent 17 years with W.R. Hambrecht + Co., LLC, an investment banking, advisory and brokerage firm that was the
underwriter of our Regulation A offering. At W.R. Hambrecht + Co., LLC, Mr. White served in various executive roles, including as
Chief Technology Officer and Managing Director, Equity Capital Markets. Mr. White earned a bachelor s degree in computer science 
psychology from Hamilton College, a Master of Business Administration degree in finance and accounting from Columbia University s
Graduate School of Business, and a Master of Business Administration degree in technology and entrepreneurship from the University of
California Berkeley s Hass School of Business. Mr. White holds a Series 79 license as an Investment Banking Representative,
a Series 24 license as a General Securities Principal, and a Series 7 license as a General Securities Representative. As a
member of our board of directors, Mr. White contributes decades of leadership and management experience building and advising early
stage, technology-driven companies. Based on his investment banking experience, Mr. White has significant corporate finance and
governance expertise. As an experienced senior technologist, Mr. White provides years of experience applying technology to enhance
traditional business processes. 

Christopher
Sebes has served as an independent director since February 7, 2020, and is a member of the Audit Committee. From
August 2004 to July 2014, he served as the CEO of XPIENT Solutions, a full-service, global provider of solutions for food ordering,
digital menus, drive-thru management, kitchen management, inventory, labor and scheduling analytics. From November 2014 to July 2019,
Mr. Sebes served as the President of Xenial, Inc., a cloud-based restaurant and retail management platform. Since August 2019,
Mr. Sebes has been a partner and member of the board of directors of Results Thru Strategy, Inc., a strategic advisory firm
specializing in restaurants, hotels, and technology companies serving those industries. Since September 2019, he has also served
as a member of the board of advisors of Valyant AI, which has developed a proprietary conversational AI platform that integrates with
existing mobile, web, call ahead, kiosk and drive-thru platforms. Mr. Sebes received his degree in Hotel and Restaurant Management
from the University of Portsmouth (Hampshire, United Kingdom) in 1975. Mr. Sebes brings to our board of directors his innovative
thought leadership and extensive knowledge of restaurant industry technology both in the United States and abroad. 

Other Directors 

Amanda
Murphy has served as a director since February 10, 2020. Prior to her election to our board of directors, Ms. Murphy
served and continues to serve as our Director of Operations and has been vital to our success and growth in that position. As a result
of her contributions to the Company, Ms. Murphy has been promoted to the position of Chief Operating Officer, effective January 1,
2022. Ms. Murphy has been active in the operations side of the staffing industry at a senior level since 2007. She received her
certificate in HR Management from California State University Long Beach in 2007. Ms. Murphy also studied law at Taylor
University in Selango, Malaysia. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships between any
of our current officers or directors. 

68 

Board of Directors 

Composition of Our Board of Directors 

As of November 30, 2021, our board of directors
consisted of five members. Our directors are elected at our annual meeting of shareholders. In addition, directors may be elected to
fill vacancies and newly created directorships by our board of directors. Each director holds the office until the next annual meeting
of shareholders and until his or her successor shall have been elected and qualified; provided, however, that directors can be elected
for a term not to exceed five (5) years. 

We have no formal policy regarding board diversity.
In selecting board candidates, we seek individuals who will further the interests of our shareholders through an established record of
professional accomplishment, the ability to contribute positively to our collaborative culture, knowledge of our business and understanding
of our prospective markets. 

Committees of Our Board of Directors 

Audit Committee 

Our Audit Committee consists of Messrs. Weaver,
White and Sebes. Mr. Weaver serves as the chair of the Audit Committee and qualifies as an audit committee financial expert within
the meaning of SEC regulations and the Nasdaq Listing Rules. In making a determination on which member will qualify as a financial expert,
our board of directors considers the formal education and nature and scope of such member s previous experience. 

Our Audit Committee assists our board of directors
in its oversight of our accounting and financial reporting process and the audits of our consolidated financial statements. Our Audit
Committee s responsibilities include: 

appointing,
 approving the compensation of, and assessing the independence of our registered public accounting
 firm; 

overseeing
 the work of our registered public accounting firm, including through the receipt and consideration
 of reports from such firm; 

reviewing
 and discussing with management and the registered public accounting firm our annual and quarterly
 consolidated financial statements and related disclosures; 

monitoring
 our internal control over financial reporting, disclosure controls and procedures and code
 of business conduct and ethics; 

overseeing
 our internal accounting function; 

discussing
 our risk management policies; 

establishing
 policies regarding hiring employees from our registered public accounting firm and procedures
 for the receipt and retention of accounting-related complaints and concerns; 

meeting
 independently with our internal accounting staff, registered public accounting firm and management; 

reviewing
 and approving or ratifying related party transactions; and 

preparing
 audit committee reports required by SEC rules. 

Compensation Committee 

Our Compensation Committee consists of Messrs. Weaver
and White, with Mr. White serving as chairman. Our Compensation Committee assists our board of directors in the discharge of its
responsibilities relating to the compensation of our executive officers. The Compensation Committee s responsibilities include: 

reviewing
 and approving corporate goals and objectives with respect to our Chief Executive Officer; 

making
 recommendations to our board of directors with respect to the compensation of our Chief Executive
 Officer and our other executive officers; 

overseeing
 evaluations of our senior executives; 

reviewing
 and assessing the independence of compensation advisers; 

69 

overseeing
 and administering our equity incentive plans; 

reviewing
 and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to director compensation; 

reviewing
 and discussing with management our Compensation Discussion and Analysis disclosure;
 and 

preparing
 the compensation committee reports required by SEC rules. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

None of the members of our Compensation Committee
have served, at any time, as officers or employees of the Company. None of our executive officers currently serve, or in the past year
have served, as a member of the board of directors or the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers
on our board of directors or Compensation Committee. 

Nominations Committee 

Our Nominations Committee consists of Messrs. Weaver
and White, with Mr. White serving as chairman. The Nominations Committee s responsibilities include: 

identifying
 individuals qualified to become board members; 

recommending
 to our board of directors the persons to be nominated for election as directors and to be
 appointed to each committee of our board of directors; 

reviewing
 and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to management succession
 planning; and 

overseeing
 periodic evaluations of board members. 

Board Leadership Structure and Risk Oversight 

Our board of directors oversees our business
and considers the risks associated with our business strategy and decisions. Our board of directors currently implements its risk oversight
function as a whole. Each of the board committees also provides risk oversight in respect of its areas of concentration and reports material
risks to our board of directors for further consideration. 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We have adopted a written code of business conduct
and ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer
and principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. The code of conduct is posted on our website,
and we will post all disclosures that are required by law or Nasdaq rules in regard to any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision
of the code. 

Director Independence 

Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq Listing Rules requires
a majority of a listed company s board of directors to be comprised of independent directors within one year of listing. In addition,
the Nasdaq Listing Rules require that, subject to specified exceptions, each member of a listed company s audit, compensation
and nominating and corporate governance committees be independent and that audit committee members also satisfy the independence criteria
set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. 

In selecting our independent directors, our board
of directors considered the relationships that each such person has with our company and all the other facts and circumstances our board
of directors deemed relevant in determining independence, including the beneficial ownership of our capital stock by each such person.
Using this definition of independence, we have determined that three directors, Kenneth Weaver, Whitney White, and Christopher Sebes,
are independent directors. 

70 

Legal Proceedings 

Unless otherwise indicated, no officer, director,
or persons nominated for such positions, promoter or significant employee has been involved in the last ten years in any of the following: 

Any
 bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner
 or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that
 time, 

Any
 conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding
 traffic violations and other minor offenses), 

Being
 subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated,
 of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending
 or otherwise limiting their involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities, 

Being
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodity
 Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities
 law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated, 

Having
 any government agency, administrative agency, or administrative court impose an administrative
 finding, order, decree, or sanction against them as a result of their involvement in any
 type of business, securities, or banking activity, 

Being
 the subject of a pending administrative proceeding related to their involvement in any type
 of business, securities, or banking activity, or 

Having
 any administrative proceeding threatened against them related to their involvement in any
 type of business, securities, or banking activity. 

Administrative Order and Settlement with State Securities Commissions 

On June 25, 2013, the Alabama Securities
Commission issued a Cease and Desist Order (the Order against Scott W. Absher and other named persons and entities, requiring
that they cease and desist from further offers or sales of any security in the State of Alabama. The Order asserts that Mr. Absher
was the president of a company that issued unregistered securities to certain Alabama residents, that he was the owner of a company that
was seeking investments, and that in March 2011 he spoke to an Alabama resident who was an investor in one of the named entities.
The Order concludes that Mr. Absher and others caused the offer or sale of unregistered securities through unregistered agents.
While Mr. Absher disputes many of the factual statements and specifically that he was an owner or officer of any of the entities
involved in the sale of the unregistered securities to Alabama residents or that he authorized any person to solicit investments for
his company, in the interest of allowing the matter to become resolved, he did not provide a response. 

Legal Matters Related to J. Stephen Holmes 

J. Stephen Holmes is a co-founder of our Company
with whom we no longer maintain any business ties or provide any form of compensation, and whom we do not believe to be a significant
shareholder. As a condition of certifying our common stock for a Nasdaq listing, Mr. Holmes agreed to the disclosure of his prior
conviction for acts related to making false statements in relation to two quarterly IRS Form 941 Employer Federal Quarterly tax
returns, one in 1996 and the second in 1997, for a company for which he was at the time an officer. The former company is not affiliated
or related to us in any way. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership
Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, requires the Company s directors and executive officers, and persons who beneficially own more than 10 
of a registered class of the Company s equity securities, to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in beneficial ownership
of the Company s securities with the SEC on Forms 3 (Initial Statement of Beneficial Ownership), 4 (Statement of Changes of Beneficial
Ownership of Securities) and 5 (Annual Statement of Beneficial Ownership of Securities). Directors, executive officers and beneficial
owners of more than 10 of the Company s Common Stock are required by SEC regulations to furnish the Company with copies of all
Section 16(a) forms that they file. Our directors and executive officers have filed such reports as required, other than as
noted below. 

71 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

None for Fiscal 2021. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following table provides information regarding
the compensation paid during Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, to the named executive officers. 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 
 Year 

Salary 
 ) 

Stocks
 
 Awards 
 ) 

Option
 
 Awards 
 ) (1) 

Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 

All
 Other 
 Compensation 
 ) (7) 

Total 
 ) 

Scott W. Absher 

2021 

752,446(6) 

400,000 

1,164,673 

President,
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

2020 

750,000 

750,000 

Domonic J. Carney 

2021 

437,359 

437,359 

Chief Financial
 Officer 

2020 

350,000 
 (3) 

269,313 
 (2) 

619,313 

Robert S. Gans 

2021 

437,359 

437,359 

General
 Counsel 

2020 

72,917 
 (4) 

219,100 
 (5) 

292,017 

(1) The
 amount shown for option awards represents the grant date fair value of such awards granted
 to the named executive officers as computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock
 Compensation. For each award, the grant date fair value is calculated using the closing
 price of our common stock on the grant date. This amount does not correspond to the actual
 value that may be realized by the named executive officers upon vesting or exercise of such
 award. For information on the assumptions used to calculate the value of the awards, refer
 to Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements. 

(2) Represents
 61,459 options issued pursuant to the 2017 Plan on July 1, 2020, exercisable at a price
 of 5.40 per share, which is estimated to have been the fair market value per share at the
 time of the award. 

(3) Mr. Carney
 joined our company on August 4, 2019 and received an annual salary of 350,000 for Fiscal
 2020. On November 6, 2020, the board of directors approved an increase in Mr. Carney s
 annual salary to 450,000, effective November 1, 2020. On June 30, 2021, our board
 of directors approved an increase in Mr. Carney s annual salary to 474,152, effective
 July 1, 2021. 

(4) Mr. Gans
 joined our company on June 15, 2020 and received an annual salary of 350,000 for Fiscal
 2020. On November 6, 2020, the board of directors approved an increase in Mr. Gans 
 annual salary to 450,000, effective November 1, 2020. On June 30, 2021, our board
 of directors approved an increase in Mr. Gans annual salary to 474,152, effective
 July 1, 2021. 

(5) Represents
 50,000 options issued pursuant to the 2017 Plan on July 1, 2020, exercisable at a price
 of 5.40 per share, which is estimated to have been the fair market value per share at the
 time of the award. 

(6) Mr.
 Absher received an annual salary of 750,000 for Fiscal 2020, and most of Fiscal 2021. On
 June 30, 2021, our board of directors approved an increase in Mr. Absher s salary to
 764,673, effective July 1, 2021. 

(7) 
 Other Compensation
 includes a one-time discretionary cash bonus of 240,000 awarded to Mr. Absher, and a one-time payment to Mr. Absher of 160,000
 in connection with his agreement to relocate from Irvine, California to our new principal executive offices in Miami, Florida. 

Agreements Regarding Change in Control and
Termination of Employment 

None 

72 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

The following table summarizes the outstanding
equity awards held by each named executive officer as of August 31, 2021. This table includes unexercised and unvested options and
equity awards 

Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#)
 Exercisable 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned
 Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 
 Scott
 W. Absher 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 1,250 
 
 160.00 
 3/15/2027 
 
 Domonic
 J. Carney 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 15,365 
 46,094 
 5.40 
 6/30/2030 
 
 Robert Gans 
 General
 Counsel 
 12,500 
 37,500 
 5.40 
 6/30/2030 

Director Compensation 

Our directors classified as employees receive
no additional compensation for services as directors of the Company. The following table summarizes the compensation paid to our non-employee
directors during Fiscal 2021: 

Name 
 Fees Earned
 or Paid
 in Cash ) (1) 
 Stock Awards ) (2) 
 Option Awards ) 
 All
 Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Scott
 W. Absher (3) 

Kenneth W. Weaver 
 90,000 

90,000 
 
 Whitney J. White 
 90,000 

90,000 
 
 Christopher
 Sebes (4) 
 88,000 

88,000 
 
 Amanda
 Murphy (5) 

(1) Represents
 monthly board of director fees paid or payable in cash during Fiscal 2021. 

(2) Represents
 annual value of stock awards issued during Fiscal 2021 under our 2017 Plan. 

(3) Mr. Absher
 did not receive any compensation for his services as a director during Fiscal 2021. 

(4) Mr. Sebes
 joined our board of directors on February 7, 2020. 

(5) Ms. Murphy
 joined our board of directors on February 10, 2020. 

Equity Incentive Plans 

In March 2017, the Company adopted its 2017
Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan (the Plan ). The Plan provides incentives to eligible employees, officers, directors and
consultants in the form of incentive stock options ISOs ), non-qualified stock options NQs ), (each of which
is exercisable into shares of common stock) (collectively, Options or shares of common stock Share Grants ). 

On July 1, 2020, the board of directors
unanimously approved an increase in the number of shares of common stock issuable under the Plan from 250,000 to 3,000,000, subject to
approval by a majority of the Company s shareholders no later than the next regularly scheduled annual shareholders meeting. Also
on July 1, 2020, the board approved the award, primarily to current employees, and subject to shareholder approval no later than
the next regularly scheduled annual meeting, of grants of options to purchase 1,235,159 shares of the Company s common stock at
an exercise price of 5.40 per share, which was the closing price of the Company s common stock as reported by Nasdaq at the close
of trading on the day of the board s action. Of the options awarded, 995,000 are designated as ISO, and 280,159 are designated
as NQs or non-statutory options under the Internal Revenue Code. These options have a 10-year life, and will vest over
a four-year period, with 25 vesting on July 1, 2021, and the remainder vesting ratably on a quarterly basis over the following
three years. During Fiscal 2021 an additional 270,937 ISOs were granted at prices between 3.44 and 5.40, the closing price on the date
of grant and 148,959 of the options granted between July 1, 2020 and August 31, 2021 were cancelled. The remaining 1,357,137
options are reported as non-exercisable. 

73 

On June 4, 2021, the Company registered
an aggregate of 3,000,000 shares, par value 0.0001 per share, reserved for issuance under the Plan 

Employment Agreements with our Named Executive
Officers 

On March 23, 2016, we entered into an offer
letter agreement with Scott W. Absher, our President and Chief Executive Officer (the Absher Offer Letter ), which included
certain provisions related to the executive s compensation. The Absher Offer Letter provided for a full-time exempt position, a
monthly salary of 31,250.00, (which was subsequently increased by our board of directors to 62,500.00 per month), and standard employee
benefit plan participation. On June 30, 2021, our board of directors approved increases to Mr. Absher's annual base salary
to 764,473, effective July 1, 2021. On October 22, 2021, our board of directors approved increases to Mr. Absher's annual
base salary to 1,000,000, effective January 1, 2022. In addition, our board of directors approved a discretionary bonus of 500,000
to Mr. Absher, of which 50 was payable upon approval by the board of directors, and 50 shall be payable on January 1, 2022. 

On July 16, 2019, we entered into an offer
letter agreement with Domonic J. Carney, our Chief Financial Officer (the Carney Offer Letter ). The Carney Offer Letter
provided for at-will employment, a monthly salary of 29,166.67, (which was subsequently increased by our board of directors to 37,500.00
per month), participation in the 2017 Plan and standard employee benefit plan participation. On June 30, 2021, our board of directors
approved increases to Mr. Carney s annual base salary to 474,152, effective July 1, 2021. On October 22, 2021,
our board of directors approved increases to Mr. Carney s annual base salary to 750,000, effective January 1, 2022.
In addition, our board of directors approved a discretionary bonus of 150,000 to Mr. Carney payable on January 1, 2022. 

On June 7, 2020, we entered into an offer
letter agreement with Robert Gans, our General Counsel (the Gans Offer Letter ). The Gans Offer Letter provided for at-will
employment, a monthly salary of 29,166.67, (which was subsequently increased by our board of directors to 37,500.00 per month), participation
in the 2017 Plan and standard employee benefit plan participation. On June 30, 2021, our board of directors approved increases to
Mr. Gans' annual base salary to 474,152, effective July 1, 2021. On October 22, 2021, our board of directors approved
increases to Mr. Gans' annual base salary to 750,000, effective January 1, 2022. In addition, our board of directors approved
a discretionary bonus of 150,000 to Mr. Gans payable on January 1, 2022. 

The salary increases and discretionary bonuses
approved on October 22, 2021, described above, were contingent upon the consummation of an IPO of a SPAC sponsored by us, through
our wholly-owned subsidiary, which condition was satisfied by the closing of the IHC IPO. 

Item 12. Security Ownership
of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth certain information
known to us regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock as of August 31, 2021, for (i) all executive officers and directors
as a group and (ii) each person, or group of affiliated persons, known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than ten percent
(10 of our capital stock. The percentage of beneficial ownership in the table below is based on 25,863,099 shares of common stock deemed
to be outstanding as of August 31, 2021. In addition, shares of common stock that may be acquired by the stockholder within 60 days
of August 31, 2021, pursuant to the exercise of stock options are deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage
ownership of such shareholder but are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other
person shown in the table. Unless otherwise indicated, the business address for each stockholder listed is c/o ShiftPixy, Inc.,
501 Brickell Key Drive, Suite 300, Miami, FL 33131. 

74 

Executive
 Officers and Directors 
 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 

Number 
 of Shares 
 Acquirable 

Beneficial 
 Ownership 
 Percentage 

Scott W. Absher,
 CEO and Chairman [1] 

12,813,750 

0 

49.5 

Domonic J. Carney, Chief
 Financial Officer [2] 

61,459 

Robert S. Gans, General
 Counsel [2] 

50,000 

Kenneth W. Weaver, Director
 [3] 

5,062 

0 

Whitney J. White, Director
 [3] 

1,498 

0 

Christopher Sebes, Director 

0 

Amanda Murphy, Director
 and Director of Operations [4] 

103,027 

All Executive Officers
 and Directors as a Group [7 persons] 

12,820,310 

214,486 

49.5 

5 Stockholders 

Stephen Holmes [5] 

12,072,047 

11,790,000 

42.0 

Less
 than 1 

(1) Represents
 12,812,500 shares of common stock and 1,250 shares underlying options exercisable as of August 31,
 2021. 

(2) Represents
 options granted at 5.40 per share on July 1, 2020. Vesting of the options granted
 begins on July 1, 2021. 

(3) Represents
 shares of common stock issued in conjunction with services rendered as a director of the
 Company. 

(4) Represents
 2,024 shares underlying options exercisable within 60 days of August 31, 2020. Does
 not represent 101,726 options not exercisable within 60 days of August 31, 2021 of which
 100,000 are options granted at 5.40 per share on July 1, 2020. Vesting of the
 options begins on July 1, 2021. 

(5) Represents
 280,797 shares of common stock, 1,250 shares underlying options exercisable and 11,790,000
 shares of common stock underlying Preferred Options . As detailed elsewhere in this Form 10-K,
 the Preferred Options issued to Mr. Holmes were canceled effective October 22,
 2021, and were never exercised. The last known address for Mr. Holmes is 116 E. Lynx
 Place, Chandler, Arizona 85249. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

The following is a summary of transactions since
September 1, 2018 to which we have been a participant in which the amount involved exceeded or will exceed 120,000, and in which any
of our then directors, executive officers or holders of more than 5 of any class of our capital stock at the time of such transaction,
or any members of their immediate family, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest, other than compensation arrangements
which are described in Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Director Compensation 

On December 23, 2019, pursuant to the terms of his director agreement,
we issued to Mr. White 428 shares of our common stock, valued at 37,500 or 87.62 per share. 

Amanda Murphy is a member of our board of directors,
is our Director of Operations, and has been named as our Chief Operating Officer effective January 1, 2022. Ms. Murphy received
compensation of approximately 264,000 and 240,000 for Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively. In addition, Ms. Murphy received a
one-time incentive payment of approximately 80,000 during Fiscal 2021, in addition to reimbursement of her expenses, in connection with
her relocation to Miami, Florida as part of the relocation of our principal executive offices. 

Scott W. Absher, our CEO and Chair of our board
of directors, received compensation in the form of salary of approximately 764,673 and 750,000 for Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively.
In addition, Mr. Absher received the following additional payments: (i) a one-time incentive payment of approximately 160,000 in connection
with his relocation to Miami, Florida as part of the relocation of our principal executive offices, in addition to reimbursement of
his expenses associated with his relocation; and (ii) a one-time bonus payment in the amount of 240,000 in recognition of his efforts
on behalf of the Company. Subsequent to the end of Fiscal 2021, our board of directors approved raising Mr. Absher s annual salary
to 1 million, effective January 1, 2022, and also approved the payment of a 500,000 bonus to Mr. Absher, 50 of which was payable upon
board of directors approval, and the remainder of which is payable on January 1, 2022. As of the date of this Form 10-K, none of this
bonus has been paid to Mr. Absher. 

J. Stephen Holmes 

J. Stephen Holmes formerly served as a non-employee
sales manager advisor to and significant shareholder of the Company. The Company incurred 750,000 in professional fees for services
provided by Mr. Holmes during each of Fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. Further, on June 6, 2019, we advanced 325,000 in cash
to Mr. Holmes, which he repaid on July 18, 2019 by returning 558,132 shares of common stock to us at a fair value of 0.58 per share.
We classified these shares as treasury stock, which were retired during Fiscal 2020. 

On or about October 22, 2021, we severed
all ties with Mr. Holmes, effective immediately, and cancelled Preferred Options that had previously been issued to him but had
not been exercised, as discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-K. As a result of these actions, the Company no longer has any financial obligation
to Mr. Holmes, and believes that he is no longer a significant shareholder of the Company. 

Preferred Options 

In September 2016, the founding shareholders
of the Company were granted options to acquire preferred stock of the Company (the Preferred Options ). The number of Preferred
Options granted was based upon the number of shares held at the time of the grant. These Preferred Options are nontransferable and forfeited
upon the sale of the related founding shares of common stock held by the option holder. Upon the occurrence of certain specified events,
such founding shareholders can exercise each Preferred Option to purchase one share of preferred stock of the Company at an exercise
price of 0.0001 per share. The preferred stock underlying the Preferred Options does not include any rights to dividends or preference
upon liquidation of the Company and is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock on a one-for-one basis. The Preferred
Options became exercisable upon the consummation of the Vensure Asset Sale in January 2020, as discussed above. 

On June 4, 2020, Scott W. Absher, our Chief
Executive Officer, exercised 12,500,000 Preferred Options to purchase 12,500,000 shares of our preferred stock for an aggregate purchase
price of 1,250. Immediately following the exercise of the Preferred Options described above, Mr. Absher elected to convert the
12,500,000 shares of preferred stock into 12,500,000 shares of common stock, which are subject to a 24-month lock-up period during which
such shares may not be traded. Between July 20, 2020 and November 30, 2020, an additional 294,490 Preferred Options were exercised
and converted into 294,490 shares of common stock, which were subject to a six-month lock up period at the time they were issued, during
which such shares could not be traded on the open market. As of the date of this Form 10-K, the restrictions on 294,490 of these
shares have been lifted, rendering them freely tradeable, while 11,827,570 Preferred Options issued pursuant to the September 2016
grant and triggered by the Vensure Asset Sale remain unexercised. On October 22, 2021, the Company s board of directors canceled
11,790,000 of these Preferred Options previously issued to our co-founder, J. Stephen Holmes, pursuant to the September 2016 grant.
Accordingly, these Preferred Options are no longer exercisable. 

75 

The amount of Preferred Options, and the number
of shares of preferred stock issuable upon exercise of such options, is based upon the number of shares of common stock held by the option
holders at the time the Preferred Options were issued in September 2016. Accordingly, in order to confirm the original intent of
the granting of up to 25,000,000 Preferred Options to Mr. Absher, it has always been the Company s intent to adopt a second
grant of Preferred Options granting an additional 12,500,000 Preferred Options to Mr. Absher, whereby each option permits the holder
to acquire one share of the Company s preferred stock for 0.0001 per share. On August 13, 2021, consistent with this intent,
the Company granted 12,500,000 Preferred Options to Mr. Absher to purchase shares of Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share,
for consideration of 0.0001 per share. Each Preferred Option is exercisable for a period of twenty-four months upon (i) the acquisition
of a Controlling Interest (as defined below) in the Company by any single shareholder or group of shareholders acting in concert, (other
than Mr. Absher), or (ii) the announcement of (x) any proposed merger, consolidation, or business combination in which
the Company s Common Stock is changed or exchanged, or (y) any sale or distribution of at least 50 of the Company s
assets or earning power, other than through a reincorporation. Each share of Preferred Stock is convertible into Common Stock on a one-for-one
basis. Controlling Interest means the ownership or control of outstanding voting shares of the Company sufficient to enable
the acquiring person, directly or indirectly and individually or in concert with others, to exercise one-fifth or more of all the voting
power of the Company in the election of directors or any other business matter on which shareholders have the right to vote under the
Wyoming Business Corporation Act. 

Related Persons to Scott Absher 

Mark Absher, the brother of Scott Absher, was
previously employed as our Registered In-House Counsel, Director and Secretary. Mr. Absher resigned from his positions with the Company
on February 6, 2019 and received compensation of 276,951 in Fiscal 2019. 

David May, a member of our business development
team, is the son-in-law of Scott Absher. Mr. May received compensation of approximately 149,000 and 132,000 in Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal
2020, respectively. In addition, in connection with his relocation to Miami, Florida, as part of the relocation of our principal executive
offices, Mr. May received a one-time incentive payment of approximately 80,000 during Fiscal 2021, in addition to reimbursement for
expenses associated with his relocation. 

Phil Eastvold, the Executive Producer of ShiftPixy
Labs, is the son-in-law of Scott Absher. Mr. Eastvold was not employed by us during Fiscal 2020, but was hired on September 1, 2020,
and received compensation for Fiscal 2021 of approximately 224,000. In addition, in connection with his relocation to Miami, Florida
as part of the relocation of our principal executive offices, Mr. Eastvold received a one-time incentive payment of approximately 88,000
during Fiscal 2021, in addition to reimbursement for expenses associated with his relocation. 

Connie Absher, (the spouse of Scott Absher),
Elizabeth Eastvold, (the daughter of Scott and Connie Absher and spouse of Mr. Eastvold), and Hannah Absher, (the daughter of Scott
and Connie Absher), are also employed by the Company. These individuals, as a group, received aggregate compensation of 240,000 and
 220,000 for Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively. In addition, as noted above, Hannah Absher received a relocation bonus of approximately
 18,000 during Fiscal 2021, in connection with her relocation. Neither Connie Absher nor Elizabeth Eastvold received any such relocation
bonus. 

Director Independence 

Our board of directors has determined that three
of our board members, Kenneth Weaver, Whitney White, and Christopher Sebes, qualify as independent as the term is used
in Item 7(d)(3)(iv)(B) of Schedule 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined by Rule 4200(a)(15)
of the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant
Fees and Services 

Marcum LLP was our independent registered public
accounting firm for the Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020. 

The following table shows the fees paid or reasonably
expected to be incurred by us for the audit and other services provided by our auditor for Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020. 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Audit Fees (Marcum LLP) 
 352,000 
 419,000 
 
 All Other Fees 
 65,000 
 229,000 
 
 Total 
 417,000 
 648,000 

As defined by the SEC, (i) audit
fees are fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements
and review of financial statements included in our Form 10-K, or for services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection
with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years; and (ii) tax fees are fees for professional
services rendered by our principal accountant for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. 

Under applicable SEC rules, the Audit Committee
is required to pre-approve the audit and non-audit services performed by the independent auditors in order to ensure that they do not
impair the auditors independence. The SEC s rules specify the types of non-audit services that an independent auditor
may not provide to its audit client and establish the Audit Committee s responsibility for administration of the engagement of
the independent auditors. Accordingly, our Audit Committee will pre-approve the audit and non-audit services performed by the independent
auditors. 

Consistent with the SEC s rules, the Audit
Committee Charter requires that the Audit Committee review and pre-approve all audit services and permitted non-audit services provided
by the independent auditors to us or any of our subsidiaries. The Audit Committee may delegate pre-approval authority to a member of
the Audit Committee and if it does, the decisions of that member must be presented to the full Audit Committee at its next scheduled
meeting. 

76 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits 

Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Document
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 to our Offering Circular filed with the SEC on Form 1-A
 on May 31, 2016) 

3.2 
 
 Amendment
 to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.6 to our Form 1-A/A filed with the SEC on October 18,
 2016) 

3.3 
 
 Amendment
 to Articles of Incorporation of ShiftPixy, Inc., dated January 7, 2020 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3
 to our current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 23, 2020) 

3.4 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Articles of Incorporation of ShiftPixy, Inc., dated March 20. 2020 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1
 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 26, 2020) 

3.5 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of ShiftPixy, Inc., dated May 21, 2021 (incorporated by reference
 from Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, fined with the SEC on May 17, 2021) 

3.6 
 
 Bylaws
 of ShiftPixy, Inc., as amended through February 16, 2018 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.2 to our 8-K,
 filed with the SEC on February 22, 2018) 

3.7 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation Shift Human Capital Management Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.4 to our Form 1-A/A,
 filed with the SEC on August 16, 2016) 

3.8 
 
 Bylaws
 Shift Human Capital Management Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.5 to our Form 1-A/A, filed with
 the SEC on August 16, 2016) 

4.1 
 
 Amended
 Principal Shareholder Option incorporated by reference as Exhibit 3.5 to our 1-A/A, filed with the SEC on October 18,
 2016 

4.2 
 
 Description
 of the Registrant s Securities (incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the
 SEC on November 30. 2020) 

10.1 
 
 Stock
 Option and Share Issuance Plan incorporated by reference as Exhibit 3.8 to our 1-A POS, filed with the SEC on April 4,
 2017 

10.2 
 
 First
 Amendment to Director Agreement, by and between Shift Pixy, Inc. and Kenneth W. Weaver Agreement, dated August 1, 2017
 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.7 to our Annual Report on form 10-K/A, Amendment No. 2, filed with the SEC
 on October 18, 2018) 

77 

10.03 
 
 Offer
 Letter to Domonic Carney, dated July 16, 2019 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on
 Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 1, 2019) 

10.04 
 
 Offer
 Letter to Scott W. Absher, dated March 23, 2016 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.27 to our registration statement
 on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on March 30, 2020) 

10.05 
 
 Offer
 Letter to Robert Gans, dated June 7, 2020 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.26 to our registration statement
 on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on October 8, 2020) 

10.6 
 
 Form
 of Warrant (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 17, 2021) 

10.7 
 
 Form
 of Pre-Funded Warrant (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, the SEC on May 17, 2021) 

10.8 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase
 Agreement (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 17, 2021) 

10.9 
 
 Placement
 Agent Agreement, dated May 13, 2021, by and between ShiftPixy, Inc. and A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners (incorporated by reference
 from Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 17, 2021) 

10.10 
 
 Form of Letter Agreement
 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8- K, filed with the SEC on August 18, 2021) 

10.11 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated
 by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 2, 2021) 

10.12 
 
 Form
 of Pre-Funded Warrant (incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8- K, filed with the SEC on September
 2, 2021) 

10.13 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase
 Agreement (incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 2, 2021) 

10.14 
 
 Placement
 Agent Agreement, dated May 13, 2021, by and between ShiftPixy, Inc. and A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners (incorporated by reference
 from Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 2, 2021) 

21.1 
 
 List
 of Subsidiaries of ShiftPixy, Inc.	 

31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION
 of CEO PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION
 of CFO PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION
 of CEO PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION
 of CFO PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

101.1NS 
 
 XBRL
 Instance Document 

79 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definitions Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

Filed herewith 

XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language)
information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and
otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 

Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

80 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

ShiftPixy, Inc., 

 a Wyoming corporation 

Title 
 
 Name 
 
 Date 
 
 Signature 

Principal Executive Officer 
 
 Scott W. Absher 
 
 December 2, 2021 
 
 /s/ Scott W. Absher 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the
dates indicated: 

SIGNATURE 
 
 NAME 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/s/ Scott W. Absher 
 
 Scott W. Absher 

Principal Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 December 2, 2021 

/s/ Domonic J. Carney 
 
 Domonic J. Carney 

Principal Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 December 2, 2021 

/s/ Christopher Sebes 
 
 Christopher Sebes 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 December 2, 2021 

/s/ Kenneth W. Weaver 
 
 Kenneth W. Weaver 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 December 2, 2021 

/s/ Whitney J. White 
 
 Whitney J. White 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 December 2, 2021 

/s/ Amanda Murphy 
 
 Amanda Murphy 
 
 Director 
 
 December 2, 2021 

81 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 tm2133982d1_ex21-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 21.1 

ShiftPixy, Inc. 

 Subsidiaries 

Subsidiary 
 State or jurisdiction of incorporation 
 
 Agile Human Capital, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Bento Best, Inc. 
 Wyoming 

Bunny Grub, Inc. 
 Wyoming 

Burley Burrito, Inc. 
 Wyoming 

CantinaGogo, Inc. 
 Wyoming 

Cluck n Lucky, Inc. 
 Wyoming 

Dude Rudy, Inc. 
 Wyoming 

Firemark Global Capital, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Grazer Burger, Inc. 
 Wyoming 

Industrial Human Capital, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Lionfish Grill, Inc. 
 Wyoming 

Nacho Nukes, Inc. 
 Wyoming 

Oink Aviation, Inc. 
 Wyoming 

Piezanno, Inc. 
 Wyoming 

Poke-a-GoGo, Inc. 
 Wyoming 

ReThink Administrative Services, Inc. 
 Wyoming 

ReThink Human Capital Management, Inc. 
 Wyoming 

Senor Oinks, Inc. 
 Wyoming 

ShiftPixy Canada, Inc. 
 Ontario, Canada 

ShiftPixy Corporate Services, Inc. 
 Wyoming 

ShiftPixy Ghost Kitchens, Inc. 
 Wyoming 

ShiftPixy Investments, Inc. 
 Wyoming 

ShiftPixy Productions, Inc. 
 Wyoming 

ShiftPixy Staffing, Inc. 
 Wyoming 

TechStackery, Inc. 
 Delaware 

VegiMighty, Inc. 
 Wyoming 

Vital Human Capital, Inc 
 Delaware 

Wrap Blaster, Inc. 
 Wyoming 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 tm2133982d1_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Scott W. Absher, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of ShiftPixy, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

ShiftPixy, Inc. 

DATE: December 2, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ Scott W. Absher 

Scott W. Absher 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 tm2133982d1_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Domonic J. Carney, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of ShiftPixy, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

DATE: December 2, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ D omonic J. Carney 

Domonic J. Carney 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 tm2133982d1_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned hereby certifies that the Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the period ended August 31, 2021, of ShiftPixy, Inc. (the Company fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in such Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

ShiftPixy, Inc. 

DATE: December 2, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ Scott W. Absher 

Scott W. Absher 

Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form
within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to ShiftPixy, Inc., and will be retained
by ShiftPixy, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 tm2133982d1_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned hereby certifies that the Annual Report on Form
10-K for the period ended August 31, 2021, of ShiftPixy, Inc. (the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in such Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

DATE: December 2, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ D omonic J. Carney 

Domonic J. Carney 

Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within
the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to ShiftPixy, Inc. and will be retained by
ShiftPixy, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 pixy-20210831.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 pixy-20210831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 pixy-20210831_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 pixy-20210831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 pixy-20210831_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 pixy-20210831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

