<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211210_10-K_edgar_data_788329_0001140361-21-041217.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12850078</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>198039</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1845652</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4740779</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3021621</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2788525</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-21-041217.hdr.sgml : 20211210
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211210164747
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-21-041217
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		110
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20211001
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211210
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211210

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			JOHNSON OUTDOORS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000788329
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [3949]
		IRS NUMBER:				391536083
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1001

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-16255
		FILM NUMBER:		211485976

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		555 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			RACINE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53403-1015
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2626316600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		555 MAIN STREET
		STREET 2:		STE 023
		CITY:			RACINE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53403-1015

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	JOHNSON WORLDWIDE ASSOCIATES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-21-041217.txt : 20211210

10-K
 1
 jout-20211001.htm

jout-20211001 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2021 
 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from _____ _ to _____ _ 
 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
 
 Accelerated Filer Non-Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of November 26, 2021, shares of Class A and shares of Class B common stock of the registrant were outstanding. The aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately on April 2, 2021 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed fiscal second quarter) based on approximately 5,225,000 shares of Class A common stock held by non-affiliates as of such date. For purposes of this calculation only, shares of all voting stock are deemed to have a market value of 146.04 per share, the closing price of the Class A common stock as reported on the NASDAQ Global Select Market SM on April 2, 2021 (the last trading day of the registrant s most recently completed fiscal second quarter). Shares of common stock held by any executive officer or director of the registrant (including all shares beneficially owned by the Johnson Family, as defined herein) have been excluded from this computation because such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not a conclusive determination for other purposes. 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Business 
 3 
 Risk Factors 
 8 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 15 
 Properties 
 15 
 Legal Proceedings 
 15 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 15 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 15 
 Reserved 
 17 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 17 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 26 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 26 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 26 
 Controls and Procedures 
 26 
 Other Information 
 27 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 27 
 Executive Compensation 
 28 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 28 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 28 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 29 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 29 
 Form 10-K Summary 30 Signatures 
 30 Exhibit Index 
 31 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 1 

Forward Looking Statements 
 
 Certain matters discussed in this Form 10-K are forward-looking statements, and the Company intends these forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and is including this statement for purposes of those safe harbor provisions. These statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking words or phrases such as anticipate, believe, confident, could, expect, intend, may, planned, potential, should, will, would or the negative of those terms or other words of similar meaning. Similarly, statements that describe the Company s future plans, objectives or goals are also forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those currently anticipated. 
 
 Factors that could affect actual results or outcomes include the matters described under the caption Risk Factors in Item 1A of this report and the following: changes in economic conditions, consumer confidence levels and discretionary spending patterns in key markets; uncertainties stemming from political instability (and its impact on the economies in jurisdictions where the Company has operations), changes in US trade policies, tariffs, and the reaction of other countries to such changes; the global outbreaks of disease, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, which has affected, and may continue to affect, market and economic conditions, along with wide-ranging impacts on employees, customers and various aspects of our operations; the Company s success in implementing its strategic plan, including its targeted sales growth platforms, innovation focus and its increasing digital presence; litigation costs related to actions of and disputes with third parties, including competitors; the Company s continued success in working capital management and cost-structure reductions; the Company s success in integrating strategic acquisitions; the risk of future writedowns of goodwill or other long-lived assets; the ability of the Company's customers to meet payment obligations; the impact of actions of the Company's competitors with respect to product development or enhancement or the introduction of new products into the Company's markets; movements in foreign currencies, interest rates or commodity costs; fluctuations in the prices of raw materials or the availability of raw materials or components used by the Company; any disruptions in the Company's supply chain as a result of material fluctuations in the Company's order volumes and requirements for raw materials and other components, or the demand for those same raw materials and components by third parties, necessary to manufacture and produce the Company's products; the success of the Company s suppliers and customers 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 and the impact of any consolidation in the industries of the Company's suppliers and customers; the ability of the Company to deploy its capital successfully; unanticipated outcomes related to outsourcing certain manufacturing processes; unanticipated outcomes related to litigation matters; and adverse weather conditions. Shareholders, potential investors and other readers are urged to consider these factors in evaluating the forward-looking statements and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included herein are only made as of the date of this filing. The Company assumes no obligation, and disclaims any obligation, to update such forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. 
 
 Trademarks 
 
 We have registered the following trademarks, among others, which may be used in this report: Minn Kota , Cannon , Humminbird , Eureka! , Jetboil , Old Town , Ocean Kayak TM , Carlisle and SCUBAPRO . 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Johnson Outdoors is a leading global manufacturer and marketer of branded seasonal, outdoor recreation products used primarily for fishing from a boat, diving, paddling, hiking and camping. The Company s portfolio of well-known consumer brands has attained leading market positions due to continuous innovation, marketing excellence, product performance and quality. Company values and culture support innovation in all areas, promoting and leveraging best practices and synergies within and across its subsidiaries to advance the Company s strategic vision set by executive management and approved by the Board of Directors. The Company is controlled by Helen P. Johnson-Leipold (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer), members of her family and related entities. 
 
 The Company was incorporated in Wisconsin in 1987 as successor to various businesses. 
 
 Fishing 
 
 The Company s Fishing segment key brands are: Minn Kota electric motors for quiet trolling or primary propulsion, marine battery chargers and shallow water anchors; Humminbird sonar and GPS equipment for fishfinding, navigation and marine cartography; and Cannon downriggers for controlled-depth fishing. Minn Kota trolling motors and shallow water anchors and Cannon downriggers are designed and manufactured primarily at the Company's Mankato, Minnesota facility. Humminbird sonar and GPS equipment are designed and manufactured in Eufaula, Alabama and Alpharetta, Georgia. 
 
 Fishing brands and related accessories are sold across the globe, with the majority of sales coming from North America through large outdoor specialty retailers, such as Bass Pro Shops and Cabela large retail store chains; distributors that service independent marine, sporting goods and internet dealers; and original equipment manufacturers (OEM) of boat brands such as Tracker, Skeeter and Ranger. The Company also sells direct to consumers via its Minn Kota, Humminbird and Cannon websites. Markets outside of North America are accessed through a network of international distributors. 
 
 Fishing growth has been driven by focusing on innovative technology, quality products and effective marketing. Such consumer marketing and promotion activities include: the Minn Kota, Humminbird and Cannon brand websites; social media networks; product placements on fishing-related television shows; print advertising and editorial coverage in outdoor, general interest and sport magazines; professional angler and tournament sponsorships; and packaging and point-of-purchase materials and offers to increase consumer appeal and sales. 
 
 Camping 
 
 The Company s Camping segment key brands are: Eureka! consumer, commercial and military tents and accessories, camping furniture and stoves and other recreational camping products; and Jetboil portable outdoor cooking systems. 
 
 Eureka! consumer tents, camping furniture, camping stoves and other recreational camping products are mid- to high-price range products sold in the U.S. and Canada, primarily to camping and backpacking specialty stores, sporting goods stores, internet retailers and direct to consumer via the Eureka! brand website. The Company s consumer camping products are produced by third party manufacturing sources in Asia. Marketing of brands is focused on building brand awareness and leadership in product features and innovation, primarily through digital marketing and social media. 
 
 Eureka! commercial tents include party tents and accessories, sold primarily to general rental stores, and other commercial tents and accessories sold directly to tent erectors. The Company s commercial tent products range from 10 x10 canopies to 120 wide pole tents and other large scale frame structures and are primarily manufactured by the Company at the Company s Binghamton, New York location. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Eureka! also designs and manufactures large, heavy-duty tents and lightweight backpacking tents primarily for the U.S. military at its Binghamton, New York location. Tents produced for military use in the last twelve months include modular general purpose tents, rapid deployment shelters and various lightweight one and two person tents. The Company manufactures military tent accessories like fabric floors and insulated thermal liners and is also a subcontract manufacturer for other providers of military tents. 
 
 Jetboil portable outdoor cooking systems, single burner and two burner stoves, and accessories are sold in the U.S. and Canada through independent sales representatives, primarily to camping and backpacking specialty stores, sporting goods stores, internet retailers, and direct to consumer via the Jetboil brand website. Markets outside of North America are accessed through a network of international distributors. Marketing of Jetboil systems is focused on building brand awareness and leadership in product features and innovation, primarily through digital marketing and social media. Jetboil products are designed at the Company s operating location in Manchester, New Hampshire and manufactured by third party sources in Asia. 
 
 Watercraft Recreation 
 
 The Company s Watercraft Recreation segment designs and markets canoes and kayaks under the Ocean Kayaks and Old Town brand names for family recreation, touring, angling and tripping. These brands are manufactured at the Company s facility in Old Town, Maine. 
 
 The Company uses a rotational molding process for manufacturing mid- to high-end polyethylene kayaks and canoes and uses a thermoform molding process in the manufacturing of lower priced models at its facility in Old Town, Maine. Watercraft Recreation accessory brands, including Carlisle branded paddles, are produced primarily by third party sources located in North America and Asia. The company's personal flotation devices are manufactured by third party sources located in Asia and are sold under the Old Town brand. 
 
 The Company s kayaks, canoes and accessories are sold through multiple channels primarily in the U.S. and Canada with an emphasis on independent specialty dealers and outdoor specialty chain retailers. The Company also sells products direct to consumers via the Old Town and Ocean Kayak websites, and through Amazon and other internet retailer sites. The Company has a network of distributors who sell Company products outside of North America. 
 
 The Company s Watercraft Recreation business competes in the mid- to high-end of the product category by introducing product innovations, creating quality products and by focusing on the product-specific needs of each marketing channel. Marketing of brands is focused on building brand awareness and leadership in product features and innovation, primarily through digital marketing and social media. 
 
 Diving 
 
 The Company manufactures and markets underwater diving products for recreational divers, which it sells and distributes under the SCUBAPRO brand name. 
 
 The Company markets a complete line of underwater diving and snorkeling equipment, including regulators, buoyancy compensators, dive computers and gauges, wetsuits, masks, fins, snorkels and accessories. SCUBAPRO diving equipment is marketed to the premium recreational segment and high-performance technical diving market. Products are sold via select distribution to independent specialty dive stores worldwide. These specialty dive stores generally provide a wide range of services to divers, including regular maintenance, product repair, diving education and travel programs. The Company also sells diving gear direct to consumers via the SCUBAPRO website and to dive training centers, resorts, public safety units and armed forces around the world. 
 
 The Company s consumer communication focuses on building brand awareness and highlighting exclusive product features and consumer benefits of its product lines. The Company s communication and distribution strategies reinforce the SCUBAPRO brand s position as the industry s quality and innovation leader. The Company markets its equipment via websites, through social media, through information and displays in dive specialty stores, and in diving magazines. 
 
 The Company manufactures regulators, dive computers, gauges, and instruments at its Italian and Indonesian facilities. The Company sources buoyancy compensators, neoprene goods, diving and snorkeling soft goods, proprietary materials, and other components from third party contract manufacturers. 
 
 Financial Information for Business Segments 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 As noted above, the Company has four reportable business segments. See Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for financial information concerning each business segment. 
 
 International Operations 
 
 See Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for financial information regarding the Company s domestic and international operations. See Note 1, subheading Foreign Operations and Related Derivative Financial Instruments, to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report, along with the information under Risk Factors below, for information regarding risks related to the Company s foreign operations. 
 
 Research and Development 
 
 The Company commits significant resources to new product research and development in each of its business segments. Fishing conducts its product research, design, engineering and software development activities at its locations in Mankato and Little Falls, Minnesota; Alpharetta, Georgia; Toronto, Canada; and Eufaula, Alabama. Diving maintains research and development facilities in Zurich, Switzerland and Casarza Ligure, Italy. Research and development activities for Watercraft Recreation are performed in Old Town, Maine. Product research, design and innovation for Camping products are conducted at the Company's Binghamton, New York, Racine, Wisconsin and Manchester, New Hampshire locations. 
 
 The Company expenses research and development costs as incurred, except for software development for new electronics products and bathymetry data collection and processing. These software development and bathymetry data collection and processing costs are capitalized once technological feasibility is established and then amortized over the expected useful life of the software or database. The amounts expensed by the Company in connection with research and development activities for each of the last three fiscal years are set forth in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations included elsewhere in this report. 
 
 Industry and Competitive Environment 
 
 The Company believes its products compete favorably on the basis of product innovation, product performance and marketing support and, to a lesser extent, price. 
 
 Fishing: Minn Kota s competitors in the electric trolling motors business are Motor Guide and Lowrance , owned by Brunswick Corporation, and Garmin . Competition in this business is focused on technological innovation, product quality and durability as well as product benefits and features for fishing. 
 
 Humminbird s main competitors in the market for on-boat electronics are Garmin , Lowrance , Simrad and Raymarine . Competition in this business is primarily focused on the quality of sonar imaging and display, easy to use graphical interfaces as well as the integration of mapping and GPS technology. Humminbird products contain marine cartography features. Competitors offering marine cartography products include Navionics , owned by Garmin, and C-Map , owned by Brunswick Corporation. Competition in this business focuses primarily on quality of data and quantity of available charts for inland lakes and ocean shoreline. 
 
 Cannon s main competitors in the downrigger market are Big Jon Sports , Walker and Scotty . Competition in this business primarily focuses on ease of operation, speed and durability. 
 
 Camping: The Company s Camping brands and products compete in the sporting goods and specialty segments of the Camping market. Competitive brands with a strong position in the sporting goods channel include Coleman and private label brands. The Company also competes with specialty companies such as Kelty , The North Face , Marmot and Big Agnes on the basis of materials and innovative designs for consumers who want performance products priced at a value. 
 
 The Company s portable outdoor cooking systems compete in the specialty and higher end performance backpacking and camping markets. The primary competitor in portable outdoor cooking systems is MSR . Competition in this market is based on product size and weight, ease of use, reliability and performance. 
 
 The Company s competitors in the commercial tent market include Anchor Industries and Aztec Tents for tension, frame and canopy tents. Competition in the commercial tent business is based on price, quality, structure, styling, ease of installation and technical support. 
 
 The Company sells military tents via third party distributors who hold supply contracts primarily with the U.S. Government, as well as to international governments. Such supply contracts can be for commercial off-the-shelf products in addition to 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 products required to be built to unique specifications. Competitors in the military tent business include HDT , Alaska Structures , Camel, Outdoor Venture, and Diamond Brand. 
 
 Watercraft Recreation: The Company primarily competes in this segment in the kayak and canoe product categories of the paddlesports market. The Company s main competitors in this market are Confluence Outdoor, Hobie Cat , Wenonah Canoe, Jackson Kayak and Legacy Paddlesports , each of which competes on the basis of their product s design, performance, quality and price. 
 
 Diving: The main competitors in the Diving segment include Aqua Lung , Suunto , Atomic Aquatics, Oceanic, Cressi and Mares . Competitive advantage in the life support product category of this segment, which consists of regulators, dive computers, and buoyancy compensators, is a function of product innovation, performance, quality and safety. Competition in the general diving product category of fins, masks, snorkels and wetsuits is characterized by low barriers to entry and numerous competitors who compete on the basis of product innovation, performance, quality and price. 
 
 Backlog 
 
 Unfilled orders for future delivery of products varies as a result of numerous factors impacting the Company (including those described in the section titled Risk Factors below and because of the non-binding nature of such orders, the Company does not believe that backlog information is material to the understanding of its business. 
 
 Employees 
 
 At October 1, 2021, the Company had approximately 1,400 regular, full-time employees, of which approximately 1,000 were employed in the United States and approximately 400 were employed outside of the United States. Approximately 55 or 4 were represented by a collective bargaining agreement, all of whom are located at our facilities in Batam, Indonesia. In recent years, we have not experienced any significant work slowdowns, stoppages, or other labor disruptions. The Company considers its employee relations to be excellent. Temporary employees are utilized primarily to manage peaks in the seasonal manufacturing of products. 
 
 The Company remains committed to areas of work place safety, product quality and customer satisfaction. Successful execution of our mission is dependent on attracting, developing and retaining key employees and members of our management team, as well as providing competitive pay and benefits. 
 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company has generally maintained its headcount as it has accommodated our operations to the virus environment. The Company has taken what it believes to be appropriate measures to ensure the health and safety of its employees and has, in certain cases, permitted remote working. 
 
 Patents, Trademarks and Proprietary Rights 
 
 The Company holds patents for various of the products it sells and regularly files applications for patents. The Company has numerous trademarks and trade names which it considers important to its business, many of which are noted in this report. Historically, the Company has vigorously defended its intellectual property rights and expects to continue to do so. 
 
 Supply Chain and Sourcing of Materials 
 
 The Company manufactures some products that use parts or materials that, due to geographical distance, limited supplier capacity or availability or competing demands for such parts or materials, are only available in a cost effective manner from a single vendor or require the Company to place orders several months in advance of required delivery. 
 
 Historically, the Company attempted to mitigate product availability and these supply chain risks when possible through the purchase of safety stock, use of forecast-based supply contracts, and, to a lesser extent, with just in time inventory deliveries or supplier-owned inventory located close to the Company s manufacturing locations. In doing so, the Company strived to balance the businesses need to maintain adequate inventory levels with the cost of holding such inventory by manufacturing to forecast for high volume products, utilizing build-to-order strategies wherever possible, and by having contract-manufactured products delivered to customers directly from the supplier. The Company also seeks to manage its inventory through on-going product design and logistical initiatives with its suppliers to reduce lead times. 
 
 As most military contracts require utilization of domestic suppliers, the Company is limited to key vendors for materials used in its military tent business. 

6 

Table of Contents 

 COVID-19 has caused widely-documented supply chain and logistics disruptions across industries, including those in which the Company operates, which have been exacerbated during the latter portion of fiscal 2021 and into fiscal 2022 due to the recent higher demand for the Company s outdoor recreation products. 
 
 Because the Company expects that these same supply chain disruptions will continue into fiscal 2022, the Company remains focused on evaluating and pursuing additional options (beyond building inventory) to manage its supply chain to meet the continued strong consumer demand for its products. Nonetheless, these supply chain disruptions remain fluid and may impact the cost of goods sold for future sales of product or the Company s ability to fill such customer demand for its products, especially given the volatility and changing circumstances brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 The Company s products in each of its business segments are primarily warm-weather, outdoor recreation-related, which has historically resulted in seasonal variations in sales and profitability for the Company. This seasonal variability traditionally was due to customers increasing their inventories in the quarters ending March and June, which is the typical primary selling season for the Company s outdoor recreation products, with lower inventory volumes during the quarters ending September and December. 
 
 Due to the timing of the COVID-19 outbreak, the Company s primary-selling season during fiscal 2020 was interrupted resulting in a significant shift in sales volumes during the 2020 fiscal year toward the latter half of that year versus the normal typical primary selling season as noted above which typically occurs during the second and third fiscal quarters. The Company cannot predict at this time whether it will experience more typical seasonality in demand for its products during fiscal 2022 and beyond or whether the recent changes in the Company s seasonality will continue into fiscal 2022. 
 
 Typically and prior to the impact of COVID-19 as noted above, the Company had mitigated the seasonality of its businesses somewhat by encouraging customers to purchase and take delivery of products more evenly through the year. The following table shows, for the past three fiscal years, the total consolidated net sales and operating profit or loss of the Company for each quarter, as a percentage of the total year. See Coronavirus (COVID-19) in Item 7 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for additional information of the impact of COVID-19 on the Company s seasonality for fiscal 2020 and 2021. 
 
 Fiscal Year 2021 2020 2019 Quarter Ended Net Sales Operating Profit Net Sales Operating Profit Net Sales Operating Profit December 22 22 22 10 19 9 March 27 32 27 45 32 43 June 29 34 23 17 31 43 September 22 12 28 28 18 5 100 100 100 100 100 100 
 
 Environment and Climate Change 
 
 The Company is subject to various supranational, federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances, regulations, and other requirements of governmental authorities. We believe we comply with such laws and regulations. Expenditures on environmental compliance have not had, and we believe in the future, are not expected to have, a material adverse effect on the Company s capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position. We do not believe that any direct or indirect consequences of legislation related to climate change will have a material adverse effect on our operating costs, facilities or products. However, risk of environmental liability and charges associated with maintaining compliance with environmental laws is inherent in the nature of the Company s business and there is no assurance that material liabilities or charges could not arise. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 The Company maintains a website at www.johnsonoutdoors.com. On its website, the Company makes available, free of charge, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practical after the reports have been electronically filed or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, the Company makes available on its website, free of charge, its (a) proxy statement for its annual meeting of shareholders; (b) Code of Business Conduct; (c) Code of Ethics for its Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial and Accounting Officers; (d) the charters for the following committees of the Board of Directors: Audit; 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Compensation; Executive; and Nominating and Corporate Governance; and (e) Corporate Governance Guidelines, Insider Trading Policy and Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy. Except as specifically provided herein, the Company is not including the information contained on or available through its website as a part of, or incorporating such information by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This report includes all material information about the Company that is included on the Company s website and is otherwise required to be included in this report. Copies of any materials the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) can also be obtained free of charge through the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. The SEC s Public Reference Room can be contacted at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, or by calling 1 (800) 732-0330. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 The risks described below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks that we do not yet know of or that we currently think are immaterial may also impair our future business operations. If any of the events or circumstances described in the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In such cases, the trading price of our common stock could decline. 
 
 Operational Risk Factors 
 
 Our net sales and profitability depend on our ability to continue to conceive, design and market products that appeal to our consumers. 
 
 Our business depends on our ability to continue to conceive, design, manufacture and market new products and upon continued market acceptance of our product offering. Rapidly changing consumer preferences and trends make it difficult to predict how long consumer demand for our existing products will continue or what new products will be successful. A decline in consumer demand for our products, our failure to develop new products on a timely basis in anticipation of changing consumer preferences or the failure of our new products to achieve and sustain consumer acceptance could reduce our net sales and profitability. 
 
 Intellectual property disputes relating to our products could increase our costs. 
 
 Our industry is susceptible to litigation regarding patent infringement and infringement of other intellectual property rights. We could be either a plaintiff or a defendant in trademark, patent and/or other intellectual property infringement or misappropriation claims and claims of breach of license from time to time. The prosecution or defense of any intellectual property litigation is both costly and disruptive of the time and resources of our management and product development teams, even if the claim or defense against us is without merit. The scope of any patent or other intellectual property to which we have or may obtain rights also may not prevent others from developing and selling competing products. The validity and breadth of claims covered in patents and other intellectual property involve complex legal and factual questions, and the resolution of such claims may be highly uncertain, lengthy and expensive. In addition, our patents or other intellectual property may be held invalid upon challenge, or others may claim that we have improperly or invalidly sought patent or other intellectual property protection for our technology, thus exposing us to direct or counter claims in any patent or intellectual property proceeding. We could also be required to pay substantial damages or settlement costs to resolve intellectual property litigation. Furthermore, we may rely on trade secret law to protect technologies and proprietary information that we cannot or have chosen not to patent. Trade secrets, however, are difficult to protect. Although we attempt to maintain protection through confidentiality agreements with necessary personnel, contractors and consultants, we cannot guarantee that such contracts will not be breached. In the event of a breach of a confidentiality agreement or the divulgence of proprietary information, we may not have adequate legal remedies to maintain our trade secret protection. Litigation to determine the scope of intellectual property rights, even if ultimately successful, could be costly and could divert management s attention away from the Company s business. Any of these negative events could adversely affect our profitability or operating results. 
 
 Product recalls and other claims could affect our financial position and results of operations. 
 
 As a manufacturer and distributor of consumer products, we could be required to repurchase or recall one or more of our products if they are found to not meet quality or safety standards or be defective. A repurchase or recall of our products could be costly to us and could damage the reputation of our brands. If we were required to remove, or voluntarily remove our products from the market, our reputation could be tarnished and we might have large quantities of finished products that we could not sell. As a result, product recalls could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We may experience difficulties in integrating strategic acquisitions. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 We have, as part of our strategy, historically pursued strategic acquisitions. The pursuit of future growth through acquisitions involves significant risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business. Risks associated with integrating strategic acquisitions include, but are not limited to: 
 
 unanticipated costs relating to the integration of acquired businesses may increase our expenses and reduce our profitability; 
 difficulties in achieving planned cost savings and synergies may increase our expenses; 
 unanticipated management or operational problems or liabilities may adversely affect our profitability and financial condition; and/or 
 breaches of the representations or warranties or other violations of the contractual obligations required by the acquisition agreement of other parties to the acquisition transaction and any contractual remedies related thereto may not adequately protect or compensate us. 
 
 We are dependent upon certain key members of management. 
 
 Our success will depend to a significant degree on the abilities and efforts of our senior management. Moreover, our success depends on our ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified management, marketing, technical and sales personnel. These people are in high demand and often have competing employment opportunities. The labor market for skilled employees is highly competitive and we may lose key employees or be forced to increase their compensation to retain these people. Employee turnover could significantly increase our recruitment, training and other related employee costs. The loss of key personnel, or the failure to attract qualified personnel, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 We rely on our credit facilities to provide us with sufficient working capital to operate our business. 
 
 Because of the historic seasonal nature of our business, we have from time to time relied upon our credit facilities to provide us with adequate working capital to operate our business. To the extent we again become more dependent upon our credit facilities to fund our operations, if our lenders reduce or terminate our access to amounts under our credit facilities, we may not have sufficient capital to fund our working capital needs and/or we may need to secure additional capital or financing to fund our working capital requirements or to repay outstanding debt under our credit facilities. We can make no assurance that we will be successful in ensuring our availability of amounts under our credit facilities when they are needed or in connection with raising additional capital and that any amount, if raised, will be sufficient to meet our cash flow requirements. In the event we do not have available cash balances on hand for funding future operations, and if we are not able to maintain our borrowing availability under our credit facilities at that time and/or raise additional capital when needed, we may be forced to sharply curtail our efforts to manufacture and promote the sale of our products or to curtail our operations. 
 
 Our debt covenants may limit our ability to complete acquisitions, incur debt, make investments, sell assets, merge or complete other significant transactions. 
 
 Our credit facilities and certain other of our debt instruments include limitations on a number of our activities in the event of a default, and in some cases regardless of whether a default has occurred, including our ability to: 
 
 incur additional debt; 
 create liens on our assets or make guarantees; 
 make certain investments or loans; or 
 dispose of or sell assets, make acquisitions above certain amounts or enter into a merger or similar transaction. 
 
 Although in recent periods we have not had to borrow funds under our credit facilities, we still are required to comply with certain restrictive covenants in our credit facilities, any of which may limit our ability to engage in acts that may be in our best long term interests. Additionally, a breach of any of the restrictive covenants in our credit facilities could result in a default under these facilities. If a default occurs while we have borrowing amounts outstanding, the lenders under our credit facilities may elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest, to be immediately due and payable, to terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings and to exercise any other rights they have under the facilities or applicable law. 
 
 We may be subject to disruptions or failures in our information technology systems and network infrastructures that could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems and network infrastructures to operate our business. We also hold data in various company-owned and third party data center facilities upon which our 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 business depends. A disruption, infiltration, breach or failure of these information technology systems or any of these data centers as a result of software or hardware malfunctions, system implementations or upgrades, computer viruses, third-party security breaches, employee error, theft or misuse, malfeasance, power disruptions, natural disasters or accidents could cause breaches of data security, loss of intellectual property and critical data and the release and misappropriation of sensitive competitive information. Any of these events could result in the loss of key information, impair our production and supply chain processes, harm our competitive position, damage our reputation with customers, cause us to incur significant costs to remedy any damages and ultimately materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. While we have implemented a number of protective measures, such measures may not be adequate or implemented properly to prevent or fully address the adverse effect of such events. 
 
 Regulatory Risk Factors 
 
 Uncertainty over global tariffs, or the financial impact of tariffs, may negatively affect our results. 
 
 Changes in U.S. domestic and global tariff frameworks over the last three years have increased our costs of producing goods and resulted in additional risks to our supply chain. More tariff changes are also possible. We have developed strategies to mitigate, in part, previously implemented and, in some cases, proposed tariff increases, but there is no assurance we will be able to continue to mitigate the impact of tariff increases in substantial part on our financial and operating results. Further, uncertainties about future tariff changes could result in mitigation actions undertaken by us that could prove to be detrimental to our business and our relationships with our customers and suppliers. 
 
 U.S. tariffs on Chinese goods and components impacted fiscal 2021 operating profit by approximately 12 million. The scope of the tariffs and the rates at which they are implemented may continue to fluctuate and change in an unpredictable manner that further complicates our ability to implement mitigation actions. 
 
 The effective tax rate of the Company may be negatively impacted by future changes to tax laws in global jurisdictions in which we operate. 
 
 Changes in tax laws or tax rulings could have a material impact on our effective tax rate. Many countries in the European Union, as well as a number of other countries and organizations such as the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, are actively considering changes to existing tax laws. Certain proposals could include recommendations that could increase our tax obligations in many countries where we do business. Any changes in the taxation of our activities in such jurisdictions may result in a material increase in our effective tax rate. 
 
 We are subject to environmental, safety and human rights regulations. 
 
 We are subject to supranational, federal, state, local and foreign laws and other legal requirements related to the generation, storage, transport, treatment and disposal of materials as a result of our manufacturing and assembly operations. These laws include the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (as amended), the Clean Air Act (as amended) and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (as amended), as well as similar laws in foreign jurisdictions. Risk of environmental liability and changes associated with maintaining compliance with environmental laws is inherent in the nature of our business and there is no assurance that material liabilities or changes would not arise. 
 
 The Company is also subject to the requirement of Section 1502 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and SEC rules related thereto to conduct due diligence and disclose and report on whether certain minerals and metals, known as conflict minerals, are contained in the Company s products and whether they originate from the Democratic Republic of Congo DRC and adjoining countries. We may face reputational challenges if we determine that certain of our products contain minerals not determined to be conflict free or if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins of all conflict minerals used in our products through the procedures we implement. 
 
 Our failure to adequately protect personal information could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 A wide variety of local, state, national, and international laws, directives and regulations apply to the collection, use, retention, protection, disclosure, transfer, and other processing of personal data (including with respect to the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation and U.S. state laws such as the California Consumer Privacy Act). These data protection and privacy-related laws and regulations continue to evolve and may result in ever-increasing regulatory and public scrutiny and escalating levels of enforcement and sanctions and increased costs of compliance. Our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, or to protect such data, could result in enforcement actions against us, including fines, imprisonment of company officials and public censure, claims for damages by end-customers and other affected individuals, damage to our reputation and loss of goodwill (both in relation to existing end-customers and prospective end-customers), any of which could 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial performance, and business. Changing definitions of personal data and personal information, within the European Union, the United States, and elsewhere may limit or inhibit our ability to operate or expand our business, including limiting strategic partnerships that may involve the sharing of data. The evolving data protection regulatory environment may require significant management attention and financial resources to analyze and modify our information technology infrastructure to meet these changing requirements all of which could reduce our operating margins and impact our operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Market and Economic Risk Factors 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly impacted worldwide economic conditions and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our operations and business. 
 
 Our operations are exposed to risks associated with pandemics, epidemics or other public health emergencies, such as the recent outbreak of coronavirus disease (COVID-19). Outbreaks such as these have resulted, and can continue to result, in governments around the world implementing stringent or restrictive measures to help control the spread of the virus, including quarantines, "shelter in place" and "stay at home" orders, travel restrictions, business curtailments, school closures, and other measures. Depending on the timing of these actions, and the scope of the economic activity they impact, we may experience negative impacts on our operations, supply chain, transportation networks, customers and employees and any of such events can impact or adjust the historic seasonality or buying patterns for our products. Further, the COVID-19 pandemic (or any worsening thereof) and resulting public health measures may result in an economic downturn that adversely affects demand for our products, and negatively impacts our business or results of operations through the temporary closure of our operating locations or those of our customers or suppliers. The pandemic (or the continuing worsening of it) may also impact the buying patterns and demand for our products (either positively or negatively) by our customers including by generally limiting or discouraging various leisure and travel activities that may adversely impact consumer use of certain of our products. 
 
 As we have previously disclosed in our public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, during the latter half of fiscal 2020 and throughout fiscal 2021, we saw favorable impact of COVID-19 on our results due to increased participation in fishing, camping and watercraft recreation and related demand for our products, largely driven by consumer desire to engage in socially distant and safe activities in the great outdoors. It is not certain any previously experienced favorable impacts will continue or will recur in the future, especially as the pandemic alters buying patterns and demand for outdoor recreation products. Additionally, even where demand may be strong, we face the potential for supply chain constraints and disruptions (including as it relates to the timing, sourcing, availability and cost of raw materials and components) given the overall increased stress on global supply chains and the need to operate with appropriate safety measures in operating environments. The extent to which COVID-19 or another similar pandemic may continue to adversely or favorably impact our business depends on future developments, which are highly uncertain and unpredictable, including new information concerning the severity of the outbreak, the effectiveness of actions globally to contain or mitigate its effects, including government actions to stimulate the economy and prevent further downturns, and the impact of these events on the timing, sourcing, availability and cost of raw materials and components for production of our products. The current level of uncertainty over the economic and operational impacts of COVID-19 means the related financial impact cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. 
 
 Competition, consolidation and financial distress in our markets could reduce our net sales, profitability and cash flows. 
 
 We operate in highly competitive markets. We compete with several large domestic and foreign companies such as Brunswick, Garmin, Confluence Outdoor and Aqua Lung, with private label products sold by many of our retail customers and with other producers of outdoor recreation products. Some of our competitors have longer operating histories, stronger brand recognition and greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than us. In addition, due to limited barriers to entry in some of the product industries we engage in, we may face competition from new participants in our markets or from existing participants developing and introducing new products into our market segments. Two of our existing competitors in the on-boat electronics category entered the electric trolling motor category during 2020 competing with products that we sell in that category. Further, we experience price competition for our products, and competition for shelf space at retailers, all of which may increase in the future. Consolidation of our retail markets could result in fewer but larger retail customers, which may further result in lower selling prices or reduced sales volumes of our products or greater competition for shelf space in these retail markets. Further, financial distress or bankruptcies in our retail markets could negatively impact our operating results and cash flows. If we cannot compete in our product markets successfully in the future, our net sales, profitability and cash flows will likely decline. 
 
 General economic conditions affect the Company s results. 
 
 Our revenues are affected by economic conditions and consumer confidence worldwide, but especially in the United States and Europe. In times of economic uncertainty, consumers tend to defer expenditures for discretionary items, which affects demand 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 for our products. Moreover, our businesses are cyclical and seasonal in nature, and their success is impacted by general economic conditions and specific economic conditions affecting the regions and markets we serve, the overall level of consumer confidence in the economy and discretionary income levels. Any substantial deterioration in general economic conditions that diminishes consumer confidence or discretionary income can reduce our sales and adversely affect our financial results. Moreover, declining economic conditions create the potential for future impairments of goodwill and other intangible and long-lived assets that may negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. Various uncertainties tied to economic conditions, including significant adverse changes in business climate, adverse actions by regulators, unanticipated competition, loss of key customers, a downturn in the economy or in discretionary income levels or changes in consumer preferences could impact the expected cash flows to be generated by an asset or group of assets, and may result in an impairment of those assets. The impact of weak consumer credit markets, corporate restructurings, layoffs, prolonged high unemployment rates, declines in the value of investments and residential real estate, higher fuel prices and increases in federal and state taxation all can negatively affect our operating results. 
 
 A limited number of our shareholders can exert significant influence over the Company. 
 
 As of October 1, 2021, Helen P. Johnson-Leipold, members of her family and related entities (hereinafter the Johnson Family), held approximately 75 of the voting power of both classes of our common stock taken as a whole. This voting power would permit these shareholders, if they chose to act together, to exert significant influence over the outcome of shareholder votes, including votes concerning the election of directors, by-law amendments, possible mergers, corporate control contests and other significant corporate transactions. Moreover, certain members of the Johnson Family have entered into a voting trust agreement covering approximately 96 of our outstanding class B common shares. This voting trust agreement permits these shareholders, if they continue to choose to act together, to exert significant influence over the outcome of shareholder votes, including votes concerning the election of directors, by-law amendments, possible mergers, corporate control contests and other significant corporate transactions. 
 
 Our shares of common stock are thinly traded and our stock price may be volatile. 
 
 Because our common stock is thinly traded, its market price may fluctuate significantly more than the stock market in general or the stock prices of similar companies, which are exchanged, listed or quoted on NASDAQ or another stock exchange. We believe there are approximately 5,225,000 shares of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates as of October 1, 2021. Thus, our common stock will be less liquid than the stock of companies with broader public ownership, and as a result, the trading price for our shares of common stock may be more volatile. Among other things, trading of a relatively small volume of our common stock may have a greater impact on the trading price for our stock than would be the case if our public float were larger. 
 
 Our stock price is volatile and our shareholders may not be able to resell shares of Class A Common Stock at or above the price they paid. 
 
 The trading price of our Class A Common Stock is highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. These factors include: 
 
 announcements relating to our earnings trends or with respect to any cost-cutting actions or other strategic transactions involving Johnson Outdoors; 
 announcements relating to, and disruptions in, the sourcing, timing, availability and cost of raw materials and components necessary for the production of our products; 
 announcements relating to product development efforts of Johnson Outdoors or competitors; 
 announcements relating to the receipt, modification or termination of customer or supplier contracts, including with respect to any government contracts or grants; 
 prevailing economic conditions; 
 business disruptions caused by weather events, pandemics, or other natural disasters; 
 disputes concerning Johnson Outdoors's or its competitors' intellectual property or other proprietary rights; 
 sales of our Class A Common Stock by our executive officers and directors or our significant shareholders in the future; 
 the lack of an active, liquid, and orderly market in our Class A Common Stock; 
 fluctuations in our quarterly operating results; and 
 the issuance of new or changed securities analysts' reports or recommendations regarding the shares of our Class A Common Stock 
 
 In addition, the stock markets in general, and the markets for equity securities in companies principally operating in the outdoor leisure or recreational product markets, have experienced periods of high volatility that have been often unrelated to the operating performance of the issuer. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price or liquidity of our Class A Common Stock. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Sources of and fluctuations in market prices of raw materials can affect our operating results. 
 
 The primary raw materials we use in manufacturing our products are metals, resins, electronic components, and packaging materials. These materials are generally available from a number of suppliers, but traditionally we have chosen to concentrate our sourcing with a limited number of vendors for each commodity or purchased component. Under normal circumstances, we believe our sources of raw materials are reliable and adequate for our needs. However, many materials and components are subject to industry-wide shortages and significant commodity pricing fluctuations due to the recent deterioration of the global supply chain as a by-product of the COVID-19 pandemic. The development of future sourcing issues related to the availability of these materials as well as significant fluctuations in the market prices of these materials may have an adverse effect on our financial results. 
 
 Our profitability is also affected by significant fluctuations in the prices of the raw materials and components we use in our products, including the effect of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates on raw materials and purchased components. We may not be able to pass along any price increases in our raw materials or other component costs to our customers. As a result, an increase in the cost of raw materials, labor or other costs associated with the manufacturing of our products could increase our costs of sales and reduce our gross margins. 
 
 Financial distress in supply chain and shortage of raw materials or components of supply. 
 
 Deteriorating industry conditions can adversely affect our supply base. Lower production levels at our major suppliers and volatility in certain raw material and energy costs may result in severe financial distress among many companies within our supply base, which may result in issues impacting the sourcing, timing, availability and cost of raw materials and components necessary to manufacture our products. Financial distress within our supply base and/or our suppliers inability to obtain credit from lending institutions could lead to commercial disputes and possible supply chain interruptions to our business. In addition, potential adverse industry conditions may require us to provide financial assistance or other measures to ensure uninterrupted production of key components or materials used in the production of our products which could have a material adverse effect on our existing and future revenues and net income. For example, our inventory levels have increased significantly in recent periods as we attempt to build inventory with the goal of mitigating and/or preparing for a continuing disruption of the supply chain as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 We are currently experiencing supply shortages and cost increases for certain components and raw materials that are crucial to our manufacturing process. Continued higher levels of consumer demand or growth in demand for our outdoor recreation products may exacerbate these pressures, and, therefore, we expect the supply chain challenges described above and adverse cost impacts on our margins to continue for the foreseeable future. As noted above, we have chosen to take action to increase our inventories and purchase commitments in an attempt to ensure we have adequate inventory levels to meet customer expectations and demand for our products. Nonetheless not all necessary components to build inventory have been readily available at reasonable prices or at all. 
 
 Additionally, in the event of catastrophic acts of nature such as fires, tsunamis, hurricanes and earthquakes or a rapid increase in production demands, either we, or our suppliers may experience supply shortages of raw materials or components. This could be caused by a number of factors, including a lack of production line capacity or manpower or working capital constraints. As our industry consolidates its supply base in order to manage the costs of purchased goods and services, there is greater dependence on fewer sources of supply for certain components and materials used in our products, which could increase the possibility of a supply shortage of any particular component. If we or one of our own suppliers experience a supply shortage, we may become unable to produce the affected products if we cannot procure the components from another source. Such production interruptions could impede a ramp-up in production and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We consider the production capacities and financial condition of suppliers in our selection process, and expect that they will meet our delivery requirements. However, there can be no assurance that strong demand, capacity limitations, shortages of raw materials, labor disputes, freight capacity or other problems will not result in any shortages or delays in the supply of components to us. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Currency exchange rate fluctuations could adversely affect the Company s results. 
 
 We have significant foreign operations, for which the functional currencies are denominated primarily in euros, Swiss francs, Hong Kong dollars and Canadian dollars. As the values of the currencies of the foreign countries in which we have operations increase or decrease relative to the U.S. dollar, the sales, expenses, profits, losses, assets and liabilities of our foreign operations, as reported in our consolidated financial statements, increase or decrease, accordingly. Approximately 12 of our revenues for the year ended October 1, 2021 were denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Approximately 4 were denominated in euros and approximately 6 were denominated in Canadian dollars with the remaining 2 denominated in various other foreign currencies. We may mitigate a portion of the impact of fluctuations in certain foreign currencies on our operations through the purchase of foreign currency swaps, forward contracts and options to hedge known commitments denominated in foreign currencies or to reduce the risk of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on foreign currency borrowings. 
 
 Because we rely on foreign suppliers and we sell products in foreign markets, we are susceptible to numerous international business risks that could increase our costs or disrupt the supply of our products. 
 
 Our international operations subject us to risks, including: 
 
 economic and political instability; 
 restrictive actions by foreign governments, including with respect to tariffs or trade policies; 
 opportunity costs and reputational damage related to the presence of counterfeit versions of the Company s products in such foreign markets; 
 greater difficulty enforcing intellectual property rights and weaker laws protecting intellectual property rights; 
 changes in tariffs, import duties or import or export restrictions; 
 timely shipping of product and unloading of product, including the timely rail/truck delivery to our warehouses and/or a customer s warehouse of our products; 
 complications in complying with the laws and policies of the United States affecting the importation of goods, including tariffs, duties, quotas and taxes; 
 required compliance with U.S. laws that impact the Company s operations in foreign jurisdictions that do not impact local operating companies; and 
 complications in complying with trade and foreign tax laws. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 Cyber security vulnerabilities, threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime could pose a risk to our systems, networks, products, solutions, services and data. 
 
 Increased global cyber security vulnerabilities, threats, computer viruses and more sophisticated and targeted cyber-related attacks, as well as cyber security failures resulting from human error and technological errors, pose a risk to our systems, products and data as well as potentially to our employees , customers and suppliers data. We attempt to mitigate these risks by employing a number of measures, including employee training, monitoring and testing, and maintenance of protective systems and contingency plans, but we remain potentially vulnerable to additional known or unknown threats. There is no assurance the impact from such threats will not be material to our financial results or reputation and it could result in security breaches, theft, lost or corrupted data, misappropriation of sensitive, confidential or personal data or information, loss of trade secrets and commercially valuable information, production downtimes and operational disruptions, any of which may adversely affect our profitability or operating results. 
 
 Future terror attacks, war, natural disasters or other catastrophic events beyond our control could negatively impact our business. 
 
 Terror attacks, war or other civil disturbances, natural disasters and other catastrophic events could lead to economic instability and decreased demand for our products, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In the past, terrorist attacks have caused instability in global financial markets and the industries in which we compete and have negatively affected spending on consumer discretionary products. In addition, our facilities are located throughout the world and could be subject to damage from terrorism incidents or from fires, floods, earthquakes or other natural or man-made disasters. Terrorist incidents could also lead to increased border security which could in turn negatively impact our global supply chain by causing shipping delays or shortages in key materials or components, increasing the cost of such goods or requiring us to keep greater inventories, any of which may adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 
 Our business is susceptible to adverse weather conditions or events. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Our success is in part affected by adverse weather conditions, including fires, floods, tornadoes, severe cold and other natural disasters. Such events have the tendency to create fluctuations in demand for our products which may increase our expenses and reduce our profitability. Moreover, our profitability is affected by our ability to successfully manage our inventory levels and demand for our products, which, in part depends upon the efficient operation of our production and delivery systems. These systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from the aforementioned natural disasters. Such natural disasters could adversely impact our ability to meet delivery requirements of our customers, which may result in our need to incur extra costs to expedite production and delivery of product to meet customer demand. Any of these events could negatively impact our profitability. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 Not Applicable 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 The Company maintains leased and owned manufacturing, warehousing, distribution and office facilities throughout the world. The Company believes that its facilities are well maintained and have capacity adequate to meet its current needs. 
 
 See Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for a discussion of the Company s lease obligations. 
 
 As of October 1, 2021, the Company s principal manufacturing (identified with an asterisk) and other locations are: 
 
 Alpharetta, Georgia (Fishing) 
 Antibes, France (Diving) 
 Barcelona, Spain (Diving) 
 Batam, Indonesia (Diving) 
 Binghamton, New York (Camping) 
 Brussels, Belgium (Diving) 
 Burlington, Ontario, Canada (Fishing, Camping, Watercraft Recreation) 
 Casarza Ligure, Italy (Diving) 
 Chai Wan, Hong Kong (Diving) 
 Chatswood, Australia (Diving) 
 El Cajon, California (Diving) 
 Eufaula, Alabama (Fishing) 
 Little Falls, Minnesota (Fishing) 
 Manchester, New Hampshire (Camping) 
 Mankato, Minnesota (Fishing) 
 Mexicali, Mexico (Fishing) 
 Old Town, Maine (Watercraft Recreation) 
 Toronto, Ontario, Canada (Fishing) 
 Nuremberg, Germany (Diving) 
 Zurich, Switzerland (Diving) 
 
 The Company s corporate headquarters is located in a facility in Racine, Wisconsin. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 In the normal course of business, we may be involved in various legal proceedings from time to time. As of the date of the filing of this Report, we are not involved in any litigation involving amounts deemed to be material to the business or financial condition of the Company. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 None. 

PART II 

15 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Market Information 
 
 Certain information with respect to this item is included in Notes 9 and 10 to the Company s consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. The Company s Class A common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market SM under the symbol: JOUT. There is no public market for the Company s Class B common stock. However, the Class B common stock is convertible at all times at the option of the holder into shares of Class A common stock on a share for share basis. As of October 1, 2021, the Company had 432 holders of record of its Class A common stock and 22 holders of record of its Class B common stock. We believe the number of beneficial owners of our Class A common stock on that date was substantially greater. 
 
 A summary of the high and low closing prices for the Company s Class A common stock during each quarter of the years ended October 1, 2021, October 2, 2020 and September 27, 2019 is as follows: 
 First Quarter Second Quarter Third Quarter Fourth Quarter 2021 2020 2019 2021 2020 2019 2021 2020 2019 2021 2020 2019 Stock prices: High 113.21 78.17 93.00 148.50 78.84 71.36 154.09 88.41 86.70 122.23 95.54 76.21 Low 83.60 57.53 58.05 109.00 51.29 58.74 117.92 57.46 69.81 105.51 80.27 54.47 
 
 Dividends 
 
 The Company s Articles of Incorporation provide that no dividend, other than a dividend payable in shares of the Company s common stock, may be declared or paid upon the Class B common stock unless such dividend is declared or paid upon both classes of common stock. Whenever a dividend (other than a dividend payable in shares of Company common stock) is declared or paid upon any shares of Class B common stock, at the same time there must be declared and paid a dividend on the shares of Class A common stock equal in value to 110 of the amount per share of the dividend declared and paid on the shares of Class B common stock. Whenever a dividend is payable in shares of Company common stock, such dividend must be declared or paid at the same rate on the Class A common stock and the Class B common stock. 
 
 Quarterly dividends declared in the first three quarters of fiscal 2021 were 0.21 per share of Class A common stock, and 0.30 per share for the fourth fiscal quarter of 2021. Quarterly dividends declared per share of Class B common stock were 0.19 for the first three quarters of fiscal 2021, and 0.27 per share for the fourth fiscal quarter of 2021. Total dividends declared in fiscal 2021 were 9,311. Cash dividends paid in fiscal 2021 totaled 8,400 and dividends payable of 3,005 were included in current liabilities at October 1, 2021. 
 
 While the Board of Directors of the Company presently intends to continue the payment of regular quarterly cash dividends on the Company s common stock, they review the Company s dividend quarterly and may elect to increase, decrease or not pay a dividend at any time. The Company s ability to pay dividends could be affected by future business performance (including as a result of the continued impact of COVID-19 on our operations and cash flows), liquidity, capital needs, alternative investment opportunities and compliance with debt covenants in its loan agreements. 
 
 Total Shareholder Return 
 
 The graph below compares on a market cap weighted cumulative basis the yearly percentage change since September 30, 2016 in the total return (assuming reinvestment of dividends) to shareholders on the Class A common stock with (a) the total return (assuming reinvestment of dividends) on The NASDAQ Stock Market-U.S. Index; (b) the total return (assuming reinvestment of dividends) on the Russell 2000 Index; and (c) the total return (assuming reinvestment of dividends) on a self-constructed peer group index. The Company s peer group consists of Clarus Corporation, Brunswick Corporation, Callaway Golf Company, Escalade Inc., Garmin Ltd., Marine Products Corporation, Malibu Boats Inc. and Nautilus, Inc. The graph assumes 100 was invested on September 30, 2016 in the Company s Class A common stock, The NASDAQ Stock Market-U.S. Index, the Russell 2000 Index and the peer group index. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

100 invested on September 30, 2016 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. 
 Indices calculated on a mid-month basis. 
 
 9/30/2016 9/29/2017 9/28/2018 9/27/2019 10/2/2020 10/1/2021 Johnson Outdoors Inc. 100.0 203.4 259.7 165.0 244.9 314.0 NASDAQ Composite 100.0 123.7 154.8 154.5 217.6 288.1 Russell 2000 Index 100.0 120.7 139.1 126.5 130.0 191.1 Peer Group 100.0 118.2 157.4 160.6 192.2 304.0 
 
 The information in this section titled Total Shareholder Return shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission or subject to the liabilities of section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and this information shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Unless otherwise stated, all monetary amounts in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, other than per share amounts, are stated in thousands. 
 
 Executive Overview 
 
 The Company designs, manufactures and markets high quality recreational products for the outdoor enthusiast. Through a combination of innovative products, strong marketing, a talented and passionate workforce and efficient distribution, the Company seeks to set itself apart from the competition in its markets. Its subsidiaries operate as a network that promotes innovation and leverages best practices and synergies, following the strategic vision set by executive management and approved by the Company s Board of Directors. 
 
 Coronavirus (COVID-19) 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Due to the timing of the COVID-19 outbreak, the Company's primary-selling season during fiscal 2020 was interrupted resulting in a significant shift in sales volumes during the 2020 fiscal year toward the latter half of that fiscal year versus the 2019 fiscal year, where our heaviest sales volumes occurred during our second and third fiscal quarters. As stay at home restrictions were lifted, the Company saw an increase in demand for many of its warm weather outdoor recreational products later during fiscal 2020 as consumers took advantage of being outdoors. As a result, each of our Fishing, Camping and Watercraft Recreation segments experienced strong demand in the latter half of fiscal 2020. This demand continued into and throughout our fiscal 2021, resulting in increased sales volumes across all Company segments in fiscal 2021. 
 
 In addition to this significant increase in demand for Company products during fiscal 2021, COVID-19 has also caused widely-documented supply chain and logistics disruptions across industries, including those in which we operate, which have been exacerbated during the latter half of fiscal 2021 and into our fiscal 2022 due to the recent higher demand for our outdoor recreation products and associated inventory replenishment actions of our customers. These adverse supply chain constraints and disruptions have impacted the timing, sourcing, availability and cost of raw materials and components that are necessary to manufacture our outdoor recreation products. Specifically, during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, certain of the Company's component suppliers and logistical service providers experienced disruptions, resulting in supply shortages across all of our segments for certain materials and components that are necessary to produce our products. As a result of these disruptions, starting during the latter portion of fiscal 2021, the Company took action to closely monitor its supply chain in order to meet the continued strong consumer demand and to attempt to continue to fulfill orders. These actions included building and procuring numerous categories of inventory (in some cases at significantly higher price points than what was historically paid) to mitigate against potential shortages during fiscal 2022 in certain of its materials and components that are necessary to manufacture Company products. These buying actions have resulted in the Company carrying significantly higher levels of inventory for a number of its materials, components and products at the end of fiscal 2021. 
 
 Because the Company expects that these same supply chain disruptions will continue into fiscal 2022, the Company remains focused on evaluating and pursuing additional options (beyond building inventory) to manage its supply chain to meet the continued strong consumer demand for its products. Nonetheless, these supply chain disruptions remain fluid and will likely impact the cost of goods sold for future sales of product or the Company s ability to fill all customer demand for its products, especially given the volatility and changing circumstances brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Highlights 
 
 The Company's prior fiscal year ended October 2, 2020 comprised 53 weeks, whereas fiscal 2021 and 2019 each comprised 52 weeks. The additional week in fiscal 2020 increased net sales by less than 2 over the prior year. The Company s fiscal 2021 revenues increased by 26 over the prior year, driven primarily by strong performance in the Fishing, Camping and Watercraft Recreation segments where the Company saw strong demand for its outdoor recreation products as a result of consumers recreating outdoors in light of COVID-19. Operating profit in 2021 increased 40,213, or 57 , over 2020. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 Summary consolidated financial results from continuing operations for the fiscal years presented were as follows: 
 
 (thousands, except per share data) 2021 2020 2019 Net sales 751,651 594,209 562,419 Gross profit 334,125 264,993 249,756 Operating expenses 222,842 193,923 185,982 Operating profit 111,283 71,070 63,774 Interest income, net (221) (1,270) (1,937) Other income, net (1,418) (1,362) (796) Income tax expense 29,541 18,469 15,094 Net income 83,381 55,233 51,413 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 The Company s internal and external sales and operating profit (loss) by business segment for each of the three most recent completed fiscal years were as follows: 
 
 2021 2020 2019 Net sales: Fishing 553,000 449,878 412,121 Camping 62,921 41,592 40,379 Watercraft Recreation 66,603 41,857 33,498 Diving 69,447 60,873 76,306 Other / Eliminations (320) 9 115 751,651 594,209 562,419 
 2021 2020 2019 Operating profit (loss): Fishing 122,490 95,884 84,092 Camping 14,025 4,406 2,896 Watercraft Recreation 9,173 (329) (2,822) Diving 1,530 (2,576) 3,043 Other / Eliminations (35,935) (26,315) (23,435) 111,283 71,070 63,774 
 
 See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report for the definition of segment net sales and operating profit. 
 
 Fiscal 2021 vs. Fiscal 2020 
 
 Net Sales 
 
 Net sales in 2021 increased by 26 to 751,651 compared to 594,209 in 2020. Foreign currency exchange had a favorable impact of less than 1 , on the current year s sales versus the prior year. 
 
 Net sales for the Fishing business increased by 103,122, or 23 during 2021 from 2020. The increase over the prior year was driven by continued new product success and increased participation in fishing, principally as a result of the effect of COVID-19 on consumer recreation and leisure choices, resulting in higher demand across all product lines in this segment. 
 
 Camping net sales increased 21,329, or 51 , in 2021 from 2020. Increased sales of consumer tents and Jetboil products as a result of increased participation in outdoor recreation activities were the primary driver of the increase year over year. 
 
 Net sales in the Watercraft Recreation business increased 24,746, or 59 . Increased demand as a result of increased participation in watercraft recreation activities during the COVID-19 pandemic, combined with new product success, drove the overall increase over the prior year. 
 
 Diving net sales increased 8,574, or 14 , year over year. Prior year sales were negatively impacted due to the effects of COVID-19 on demand globally due to restrictions in destination travel and tourism. As travel restrictions started to lift throughout fiscal 2021, tourism has begun to recover, resulting in increased demand and sales in this segment over the prior year. In addition, foreign currency translation favorably impacted sales by approximately 3.3 in 2021 versus the prior year period. 
 
 Cost of Sales 
 
 Cost of sales was 417,526, or 55.5 of net sales, on a consolidated basis for fiscal 2021 compared to 329,216, or 55.4 of net sales, in the prior year. Higher sales volumes between years were the primary driver of the increase in the cost of sales between periods. Favorable product mix and pricing between fiscal years offset the impact of approximately 7,200 of additional tariffs on Chinese goods and components during fiscal 2021, as well as increased freight costs over the prior year. 
 
 Gross Profit 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Gross profit of 334,125 was 44.5 of net sales on a consolidated basis for the year ended October 1, 2021 compared to 264,993, or 44.6 of net sales in the prior year. 
 
 Gross profit in the Fishing business increased by 39,676 from the prior year due primarily to the 23 increase in net sales year over year. Favorable product mix and improved absorption of overhead costs during fiscal 2021 partially offset approximately 5,900 of additional tariff costs on Chinese sourced goods and components and higher freight costs incurred during fiscal 2021 versus fiscal 2020. 
 
 Camping gross profit increased by 11,497 from 2020 due primarily to increased sales volumes, pricing actions and a favorable mix of products sold in the current year as compared to the prior year. 
 
 Gross profit in the Watercraft Recreation segment increased by 12,289 from 2020 due primarily to increased sales volumes in 2021 versus the prior year and the resulting improvement in absorption of overhead costs. 
 
 The 5,463 increase in gross profit in the Diving segment was due primarily to increased sales volumes, pricing actions and favorable product mix during fiscal 2021 as compared to the prior year. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Operating expenses increased from the prior year by 28,919. The increase was driven primarily by higher sales volume related costs incurred in fiscal 2021 as compared to the prior fiscal year. Additionally, increased headcount and compensation costs further increased expenses year over year. 
 
 Operating expenses for the Fishing segment increased by 13,069 from fiscal 2020 levels. The increase was due primarily to higher sales volume related expenses, as well as increased people costs between years. 
 
 Camping operating expenses increased by 1,879 from the prior year due primarily to increased sales volume related expenses. 
 
 In the Watercraft Recreation segment, operating expenses increased 2,787 from their levels in fiscal 2020 due primarily to increased sales volume related expenses in 2021, partially offset by decreased spending rate on advertising and promotions. 
 
 Operating expenses for the Diving business increased by 1,357 year over year due primarily to increased sales volume related expenses, as well as increased people costs between periods. 
 
 The Company's 2021 general corporate expenses of 36,317 increased 9,827 from 26,490 in 2020. The year over year increase reflects higher people costs including 2,900 of higher deferred compensation expenses and higher health insurance costs over the prior year as well as higher professional services expense. 
 
 Operating Results 
 
 The Company s operating profit was 111,283 in fiscal 2021 compared to an operating profit of 71,070 in fiscal 2020. Fishing operating profit increased by 26,606 to 122,490 from 95,884 in the prior year due primarily to higher sales volumes between years. The operating profit for Camping was 14,025 compared to 4,406 in 2020 which increase was also primarily a result of higher sales volumes between periods. The operating profit for the Watercraft Recreation business was 9,173 in fiscal 2021 compared to a loss of 329 in fiscal 2020 due to the factors noted above on changes in sales volumes and operating expenses. Operating profit for the Diving business increased by 4,106 in fiscal 2021 from fiscal 2020, due to recovery from the impact of COVID-19 and demand for our Diving products and the other factors discussed above. 
 
 Other Income and Expenses 
 
 Interest expense of 145 was relatively flat as compared to the prior year expense of 143. Interest income of 366 decreased from prior year interest income of 1,413 due to the decrease in deposit interest rates year over year. Net other income of 1,418 in fiscal 2021 increased slightly from net other income of 1,362 in fiscal 2020. The current year net other income included currency losses of 215 and market gains and dividends of 5,329 on deferred compensation plan assets, partially offset by pension termination expense of 2,526. In the prior year, net other income included 269 of currency losses and 2,454 of market gains and dividends on the deferred compensation plan assets. The dividends and market gains and losses on deferred compensation plan assets recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Operations in Other income, net are offset as compensation expense in Operating expenses. 
 
 Pretax Income and Income Taxes 
 20 

Table of Contents 

The Company realized pretax income of 112,922 in fiscal 2021 compared to 73,702 in fiscal 2020. The Company recorded income tax expense of 29,541 in 2021, which equated to an effective tax rate of 26.2 , compared to 18,469 in 2020, which equated to an effective tax rate of 25.1 . 
 
 Net Income 
 
 The Company recognized net income of 83,381, or 8.21 per diluted common share, in fiscal 2021 compared to 55,233, or 5.47 per diluted common share, in fiscal 2020 based on the factors discussed above. 
 
 Fiscal 2020 vs. Fiscal 2019 
 
 Net Sales 
 
 Net sales in 2020 increased by 6 to 594,209 compared to 562,419 in 2019. The additional week in the fiscal year drove an increase in net sales of approximately 1.5 over fiscal 2019. Foreign currency exchange had a 651 unfavorable impact, less than 1 , on 2020 fiscal year s sales versus 2019. 
 
 Net sales for the Fishing business increased by 37,757, or 9 during 2020 from 2019. Increased demand late in fiscal 2020 was more than enough to overcome the impact of COVID-19 related restrictions and shutdowns earlier in 2020, resulting in the increase between years. 
 
 Camping net sales increased 1,213, or 3 , in 2020 from 2019. Increased sales of consumer tents and Jetboil products as a result of increased participation in outdoor recreation activities were more than enough to overcome declines in military tent sales year over year. 
 
 Net sales in the Watercraft Recreation business increased 8,359, or 25 in 2020 from 2019. Despite COVID-19 related shutdowns early in fiscal 2020, increased demand later in the year drove the overall increase over 2019. See "Coronavirus (COVID-19)" above for more information regarding the impact the COVID-19 pandemic had on our fiscal 2020 sales. 
 
 Diving net sales decreased 15,433, or 20 , from 2020 to 2019. The decrease was largely due to the effects of COVID-19 on demand globally due to restrictions during 2020 in destination travel and tourism. In addition, foreign currency translation negatively impacted sales by approximately 1 in 2020 versus 2019. 
 
 Cost of Sales 
 
 Cost of sales was 329,216, or 55.4 of net sales, on a consolidated basis for fiscal 2020 compared to 312,663, or 55.6 of net sales, in the prior year. Higher sales volumes between years were the primary driver of the increase in the cost of sales between periods. Additionally, the impact of approximately 2,000 of additional tariffs during fiscal 2020, which increased our cost of sales, on Chinese goods and components over the prior year was offset by favorable product mix and pricing between fiscal years. 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Gross profit of 264,993 was 44.6 of net sales on a consolidated basis for the year ended October 2, 2020 compared to 249,756, or 44.4 of net sales in fiscal 2019. 
 
 Gross profit in the Fishing business increased by 18,625 from 2019 to 2020 due primarily to the 9 increase in net sales year over year. The recovery of overpayments of excise taxes during fiscal 2020 more than offset approximately 1,000 of new tariff costs on Chinese sourced goods and components incurred during fiscal 2020. 
 
 Camping gross profit in fiscal 2020 increased by 1,321 from 2019 due primarily to increased sales volumes and a favorable mix of products sold in fiscal 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019. 
 
 Gross profit in the Watercraft Recreation segment increased in fiscal 2020 by 3,840 from 2019 due primarily to increased sales volumes in 2020 versus 2019 and the resulting improvement in absorption of overhead costs. 
 
 The 8,467 decrease in gross profit in the Diving segment from 2019 to 2020 was due primarily to decreased sales volumes during fiscal 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 21 

Table of Contents 

Operating expenses increased during fiscal 2020 from 2019 by 7,941. The increase was driven primarily by higher sales volume related costs incurred in fiscal 2020 as compared to the fiscal 2019. Additionally, increased headcount and people costs further increased expenses year over year. 
 
 Operating expenses for the Fishing segment increased in fiscal 2020 by 6,832 from fiscal 2019 levels. The increase was due primarily to higher sales volume related expenses between years and increased headcount related expenses incurred in fiscal 2020. 
 
 Camping operating expenses decreased in fiscal 2020 by 189 from 2019 due primarily to efforts to reduce spending in light of COVID-19 uncertainties during 2020, primarily as it related to travel, entertainment and advertising expenses. 
 
 In the Watercraft Recreation segment, fiscal 2020 operating expenses increased 1,347 from their levels in fiscal 2019 due primarily to increased sales volume related expenses in 2020. 
 
 Operating expenses for the Diving business decreased by 2,848 year over year due primarily to lower sales volume related expenses, as well as lower headcount related expenses between periods. 
 
 The Company's fiscal 2020 general corporate expenses of 26,490 increased 2,799 from 23,961 in 2019. The year over year increase primarily reflects 1,800 of higher deferred compensation expenses, as well as higher health insurance costs offset in part by decreased investment in marketing support between years. 
 
 Operating Results 
 
 The Company s operating profit was 71,070 in fiscal 2020 compared to an operating profit of 63,774 in fiscal 2019. Fishing operating profit increased by 11,792 to 95,884 in fiscal 2020 from 84,092 in fiscal 2019 due primarily to higher sales volumes between years. The operating profit for Camping in fiscal 2020 was 4,406 compared to 2,896 in 2019 which increase was also primarily a result of higher sales volumes between periods. The operating loss for the Watercraft Recreation business was 329 in fiscal 2020 compared to a loss of 2,822 in fiscal 2019 due to the factors noted above on changes in sales volumes and operating expenses. Operating profit for the Diving business decreased by 5,619 in fiscal 2020 from fiscal 2019, due to the impact of COVID-19 and demand for our Diving products and the other factors discussed above. 
 
 Other Income and Expenses 
 
 Interest expense in fiscal 2020 of 143 declined slightly from 2019 expense of 172. Interest income in fiscal 2020 of 1,413 decreased from 2019 interest income of 2,109 due to declining interest rates in 2020. Net other income of 1,362 in fiscal 2020 increased from net other income of 796 in fiscal 2019. Fiscal 2020 net other income included currency losses of 269 and market gains and dividends of 2,454 on deferred compensation plan assets. In fiscal 2019, net other income included 645 of currency gains and 610 of market gains and dividends on the deferred compensation plan assets. The dividends and market gains and losses on deferred compensation plan assets recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Operations in Other income, net are offset as compensation expense in Operating expenses. 
 
 Pretax Income and Income Taxes 
 
 The Company realized pretax income of 73,702 in fiscal 2020 compared to 66,507 in fiscal 2019. The Company recorded income tax expense of 18,469 in 2020, which equated to an effective tax rate of 25.1 , compared to 15,094 in 2019, which equated to an effective tax rate of 22.7 . 
 
 Net Income 
 
 The Company recognized net income of 55,233, or 5.47 per diluted common share, in fiscal 2020 compared to 51,413, or 5.11 per diluted common share, in fiscal 2019 based on the factors discussed above. 
 
 Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 The Company believes its existing balances of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments will be sufficient to satisfy its working capital needs, capital asset purchase requirements, outstanding commitments and other liquidity requirements associated with its existing operations over the next twelve months. The Company currently anticipates the cash used for future dividends will come from its current cash and cash generated from ongoing operating activities. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 The Company considers all short-term investments in interest-bearing bank accounts, and all securities and other instruments with an original maturity of three months or less, to be equivalent to cash. Short-term investments in prior years consisted of certificates of deposit, with original maturities greater than three months but less than one year, with the primary objective of minimizing the potential risk of principal loss. The Company s investment policy generally requires securities to be investment grade. 
 
 The Company s cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities, as reflected in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, are summarized in the following table: 
 Year Ended (thousands) October 1 2021 October 2 2020 September 27 2019 Cash provided by (used for): Operating activities 58,318 61,493 45,844 Investing activities (21,381) (15,587) 11,989 Financing activities (9,033) (7,107) (6,186) Effect of foreign currency rate changes on cash 107 1,256 (1,142) Increase in cash and cash equivalents 28,011 40,055 50,505 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 The following table sets forth the Company s working capital position at the end of each of the years shown: 
 (thousands, except share data) October 1 2021 October 2 2020 Current assets 491,264 388,538 Current liabilities 137,570 105,607 Working capital 353,694 282,931 Current ratio 3.6:1 3.7:1 
 
 Cash flows provided by operations totaled 58,318, 61,493 and 45,844 in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Cash flows provided by operations decreased slightly from the prior year despite an increase in net income due primarily to increases in inventory levels and other working capital changes. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization charges were 13,401, 14,926 and 13,964 in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Cash flows used for investing activities were 21,381 and 15,587 in fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively, and cash flows provided by investing activities were 11,989 in 2019. There were no sales or purchases of short-term investments in fiscal 2021 or 2020, while proceeds from the sale of short-term investments in 2019 provided cash of 35,838, offset by purchases of 7,124. Expenditures for property, plant and equipment were 21,409, 15,600 and 16,786 in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. In general, the Company s ongoing capital expenditures are primarily related to tooling for new products, facilities investments and information systems improvements. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Cash flows used for financing activities totaled 9,033 in fiscal 2021 compared to 7,107 and 6,186 in 2020 and 2019, respectively, and were primarily for the payment of dividends of 8,400 and 6,773 in 2021 and 2020, respectively. In 2019, dividend payments totaled 5,557. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 The Company has contractual obligations and commitments to make future payments under its operating leases and open purchase orders. There have been no changes outside of the ordinary course of business in the specified contractual obligations during the year ended October 1, 2021. 
 
 The Company utilizes letters of credit primarily as security for the payment of future claims under its workers compensation insurance. Letters of credit outstanding at October 1, 2021 and October 2, 2020 were 181 and 181, respectively, and were 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 included in the Company s total loan availability. The Company had no unsecured revolving credit facilities at its foreign subsidiaries as of October 1, 2021 or October 2, 2020. 
 
 The Company anticipates making contributions of approximately 96 to its defined benefit pension plans through September 30, 2022. 
 
 The Company has no other off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 
 Market Risk Management 
 
 Coronavirus outbreak 
 
 As disclosed in our prior filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and elsewhere herein, in December 2019, a new strain of coronavirus ("COVID-19"), began to spread globally, leaving no region or part of the world unaffected by the pandemic it has created. Governments and health authorities have been taking, and continue to take, measures to prevent the spread of this virus (including in certain cases requiring or recommending a vaccine or imposing testing requirements), but it is presently unknown to what extent they will be successful or the potential timing of these measures and their outcome and impact on the Company's business in the future. To the extent that COVID-19 continues to persist, among other things, the ability of the Company s suppliers to manufacture and deliver the products that it sells to the Company, the ability of the Company to manufacture and deliver its products to its customers, the Company's ability to display its products at trade shows and similar events, the Company's ability to conduct meetings with its customers and prospective customers, and, if a significant number of its employees at a particular facility or location were to contract coronavirus, the Company s ability to conduct its day-to-day operations could be adversely impacted. The financial impact of the coronavirus pandemic on the Company will depend on future developments, including related to any supply chain disruptions, that the Company cannot reasonably predict or estimate at this time, but any of which could materially and adversely affect its results for an unknown but possibly extended period. See the section "Risk Factors" identified in Part I, Item 1A in this Form 10-K for more information. 
 
 Foreign Exchange Risk 
 
 The Company has significant foreign operations, for which the functional currencies are denominated primarily in euros, Swiss francs, Hong Kong dollars and Canadian dollars. As the values of the currencies of the foreign countries in which the Company has operations increase or decrease relative to the U.S. dollar, the sales, expenses, profits, losses, assets and liabilities of the Company s foreign operations, as reported in the Company s consolidated financial statements, increase or decrease, accordingly. Approximately 12 of the Company s revenues for the fiscal year ended October 1, 2021 were denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Approximately 4 were denominated in euros and approximately 6 were denominated in Canadian dollars, with the remaining 2 denominated in various other foreign currencies. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates can cause unexpected financial losses or cash flow needs. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 The Company operates in a seasonal business and experiences significant fluctuations in operating cash flow as working capital needs increase in advance of the Company s primary selling and cash generation season, and decline as accounts receivable are collected and cash is accumulated. 
 
 Commodities 
 
 Certain components used in the Company s products are exposed to commodity price changes. The Company manages this risk through instruments such as purchase orders and non-cancellable supply contracts. Primary commodity price exposures include costs associated with metals, resins and packaging materials. 
 
 Impact of Inflation 
 
 The Company anticipates that changing costs of basic raw materials may impact future operating costs and, accordingly, the prices of its products. The Company is involved in continuing programs to mitigate the impact of cost increases through changes in product design and identification of sourcing and manufacturing efficiencies. Price increases and, in certain situations, price decreases are implemented for individual products, when appropriate. 
 
 The Company s results of operations and financial condition are presented based on historical cost. The Company does not believe that inflation has significantly affected its results of operations. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 The Company s management discussion and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations are based upon the Company s consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. The preparation of these financial statements requires the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of its assets, liabilities, sales and expenses, and related footnote disclosures. On an on-going basis, the Company evaluates its estimates for product returns, bad debts, inventories, long lived assets and goodwill, income taxes, warranty obligations, pensions and other post-retirement benefits, litigation and other subjective matters impacting the financial statements. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 
 The Company believes the following critical accounting policies affect its more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of its consolidated financial statements. Management has discussed these policies with the Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors. 
 
 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
 
 Allowances for doubtful accounts are estimated by the individual operating companies based on estimates of losses related to customer accounts receivable balances. Estimates are developed by using standard quantitative measures based on historical losses, adjusting for current economic conditions and, in some cases, evaluating specific customer accounts for risk of loss. The establishment of reserves requires the use of judgment and assumptions regarding the potential for losses on receivable balances. Though the Company considers these balances adequate and proper, changes in economic conditions in specific markets in which the Company operates and any specific customer collection issues the Company identifies could have a favorable or unfavorable effect on required reserve balances. 
 
 Inventories 
 
 The Company values inventory at the lower of cost (determined using the first-in first-out method) or net realizable value. Management s judgment is required to determine the reserve for obsolete or excess inventory. Inventory on hand may exceed future demand either because the product is outdated or because the amount on hand is more than will be used to meet future needs. Inventory reserves are estimated by the individual operating companies using standard quantitative measures based on criteria established by the Company. The Company also considers current forecast plans, as well as market and industry conditions in establishing reserve levels. Though the Company considers these reserve balances to be adequate, changes in economic conditions, customer inventory levels or competitive conditions could have a favorable or unfavorable effect on required reserve balances. 
 
 Deferred Taxes 
 
 The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce its deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. While the Company has considered future taxable income and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies in assessing the need for the valuation allowance, in the event the Company were to determine that it would not be able to realize all or part of its net deferred tax assets in the future, an adjustment to the deferred tax assets would be charged to income in the period such determination was made. Likewise, should the Company determine that it would be able to realize its deferred tax assets in the future in excess of its net recorded amount, an adjustment to the deferred tax assets would increase income in the period such determination was made. 
 
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets Impairment 
 
 Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the assets might be impaired. Generally, annual impairment tests are performed by the Company in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. 
 
 In assessing the recoverability of the Company s goodwill, the Company estimates the fair value of the businesses to which the goodwill relates. Fair value is estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis. If the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its net book value, no impairment exists. When fair value is less than the carrying value of the net assets and related goodwill, an impairment charge is recognized based on the excess of carrying amount over its fair value. The Company did not recognize any goodwill impairment charges in 2021, 2020 or 2019. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 The discounted cash flow analysis used to estimate fair value requires a number of key estimates and assumptions. The Company estimates the future cash flows of the reporting units based on historical and forecasted revenues and operating costs and applies a discount rate to the estimated future cash flows for purposes of the valuation. This discount rate is based on the estimated weighted average cost of capital, which includes certain assumptions made by management such as market capital structure, market betas, the risk-free rate of return and the estimated costs of borrowing. Changes in these key estimates and assumptions, or in other assumptions used in this process, could materially affect our impairment analysis in a given year. 
 
 In assessing the recoverability of the Company s other indefinite lived intangible assets, the Company estimates the fair value of the various intangible assets. The fair value of trademarks and patents is estimated using the relief from royalty method. If the fair value of an intangible asset exceeds its net book value, no impairment exists. When fair value is less than the carrying value of the intangible asset, an impairment loss is recognized for the amount of the difference. 
 
 A number of factors, many of which the Company has no ability to control, could affect its financial condition, operating results and business prospects and could cause actual results to differ from the estimates and assumptions that the Company uses in preparing its financial statements. These factors include: a prolonged global economic crisis, a significant decrease in demand for the Company s products, a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate, an adverse action or assessment by a regulator and successful efforts by the Company s competitors to gain market share. 
 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed of 
 
 The Company evaluates long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances, such as unplanned negative cash flow indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset group to future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset group. If such assets are determined to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. Application of alternative assumptions, such as changes in the estimate of future cash flows, could produce significantly different results. Because of the significance of the judgments and estimation processes, it is likely that materially different amounts could be recorded if we used different assumptions or if the underlying circumstances were to change. 
 
 Warranties 
 
 The Company accrues a warranty reserve for estimated costs to provide warranty services. Warranty reserves are estimated using standard quantitative measures based on criteria established by the Company. Estimates of costs to service its warranty obligations are based on historical experience, expectation of future conditions and known product issues. To the extent the Company experiences increased warranty claim activity or increased costs associated with servicing those claims, revisions to the estimated warranty reserve would be required. The Company engages in product quality programs and processes, including monitoring and evaluating the quality of its suppliers, to help minimize warranty obligations. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Information with respect to this item is included in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under the heading Market Risk Management. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Information with respect to this item is included in the Company s consolidated financial statements attached to this report on pages F-1 to F-34. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

26 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to its management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Company carried out an evaluation as of October 1, 2021, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures. Based on such evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of October 1, 2021 at reaching a level of reasonable assurance. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. The Company has designed its disclosure controls and procedures to reach a level of reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. 
 
 The report of management required under this Item 9A is included on page F-2 of the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements attached to this Report under the heading Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (b) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 
 
 There was no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) that occurred during the Company s most recently completed fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 (c) Attestation Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 RSM US LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm who audited the Company s consolidated financial statements, has issued an attestation report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting, which is contained in the Company s consolidated financial statements under the heading Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Information with respect to this item is incorporated herein by reference to the discussion under the headings Proposal 1: Election of Directors, Executive Officers, Section 16(a) Reports, "Directors Meetings and Committees - Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Audit Committee Matters Audit Committee Financial Expert in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before January 29, 2022. Information regarding the Company s Code of Business Ethics is incorporated herein by reference to the discussion under Corporate Governance Matters Employee Code of Conduct and Code of Ethics; Corporate Governance Guidelines; and Procedures for Reporting of Accounting Concerns in the Company's Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before January 29, 2022. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

The Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors is an audit committee for purposes of Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The members of the Audit Committee are Edward F. Lang (Chairman), Thomas F. Pyle, Jr., William D. Perez and Edward Stevens. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Information with respect to this item is incorporated herein by reference to the discussion under the headings Directors Compensation and Executive Compensation and CEO Pay Relative to Median Pay of our Employees in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before January 29, 2022. 
 
 The information incorporated by reference from Report of the Compensation Committee in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before January 29, 2022, shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Information with respect to this item is incorporated herein by reference to the discussion under the heading Stock Ownership of Management and Others in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before January 29, 2022. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 The following table summarizes share information, as of October 1, 2021, for the Company s equity compensation plans, including the Johnson Outdoors Inc. 2012 Non-Employee Director Stock Ownership Plan, the Johnson Outdoors Inc. 2010 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan, the Johnson Outdoors Inc. 2020 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan and the Johnson Outdoors Inc. 2009 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. All of these plans have been approved by the Company s shareholders. 
 
 Plan Category Number of Common Shares to Be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Weighted-average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Number of Common Shares Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 2020 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan 471,183 2010 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan 73,885 (1) 108,769 (2) 2012 Non-Employee Director Stock Ownership Plan 18,108 30,131 2009 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 83,840 Total All Plans 91,993 693,923 
 
 (1) Includes 69,768 performance stock unit awards previously awarded at their target values. The ultimate amount of performance stock units that could vest can range from 0 to 150 of the target amount, or from 0 units to 104,652 units for all previously issued awards. 
 
 (2) Includes up to 104,652 shares of performance stock units that may be issued in shares of Class A Common Stock at the maximum earned level. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Information with respect to this item is incorporated herein by reference to the discussion under the heading Certain Relationships and Related Transactions in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before January 29, 2022. Information regarding director independence is incorporated by reference to the discussions under Corporate Governance Matters-Director Independence in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before January 29, 2022. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Information with respect to this item is incorporated herein by reference to the discussion under the heading Audit Committee Matters Fees of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before January 29, 2022. 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 The following documents are filed as a part of this report: 
 
 Financial Statements 
 
 Included in Item 8 of Part II of this report are the following: 
 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations Years ended October 1, 2021, October 2, 2020 and September 27, 2019 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Years ended October 1, 2021, October 2, 2020 and September 27, 2019 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets October 1, 2021 and October 2, 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity Years ended October 1, 2021, October 2, 2020 and September 27, 2019 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years ended October 1, 2021, October 2, 2020 and September 27, 2019 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Exhibits 
 
 See Exhibit Index. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Racine and State of Wisconsin, on the 10 th day of December 2021. 
 JOHNSON OUTDOORS INC. 
 (Registrant) 
 By /s/ Helen P. Johnson-Leipold Helen P. Johnson-Leipold Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 10 th day of December 2021. 
 /s/ Helen P. Johnson-Leipold Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Director (Helen P. Johnson-Leipold) (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Thomas F. Pyle, Jr. Vice Chairman of the Board and Lead Outside Director (Thomas F. Pyle, Jr.) /s/ John M. Fahey, Jr. Director (John M. Fahey, Jr.) /s/ Edward Stevens Director (Edward Stevens) /s/ Edward F. Lang Director (Edward F. Lang) /s/ Katherine Button Bell Director (Katherine Button Bell) /s/ Richard Sheahan Director (Richard Casey Sheahan) /s/ William D. Perez Director (William D. Perez) /s/ Annie Zipfel Director (Annie Zipfel) /s/ Paul G. Alexander Director (Paul G. Alexander) /s/ David W. Johnson Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (David W. Johnson) (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit Title 3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation of the Company as amended through February 17, 2000. (Filed as Exhibit 3.1(a) to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2000 and incorporated herein by reference.) 3.2 
 Bylaws of the Company as amended and restated through December 6, 2010. (Filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended October 1, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference.) 4.1 
 Description of Registrant's Securities (Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended September 27, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference.) 9.1 
 Johnson Outdoors Inc. Class B common stock Amended and Restated Voting Trust Agreement, dated as of February 16, 2010 (Filed as Exhibit 2 to Amendment No. 14 to the Schedule 13D filed by Helen P. Johnson-Leipold on February 24, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference.) 
 10.1 
 Registration Rights Agreement regarding Johnson Outdoors Inc. common stock issued to the Johnson family prior to the acquisition of Johnson Diversified, Inc. (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-K dated and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 8, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference.) 10.2 
 Registration Rights Agreement regarding Johnson Outdoors Inc. Class A common stock held by Mr. Samuel C. Johnson. (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-K dated and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 8, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference.) 10.3 + 
 Johnson Outdoors Inc. 2000 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan. (Filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 29, 2005 and incorporated herein by reference.) 10.4 + 
 Johnson Outdoors Inc. Worldwide Key Executives Discretionary Bonus Plan. (Filed as Appendix A to the Company s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 13, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference.) 10.5 + 
 Johnson Outdoors Inc. 2003 Non-Employee Director Stock Ownership Plan. (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q dated April 2, 2004 and incorporated herein by reference.) 10.6 + 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under Johnson Outdoors Inc. 2003 Non-Employee Director Stock Ownership Plan. (Filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form S-8 Registration Statement No. 333-115298 and incorporated herein by reference.) 10.7 + 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement under Johnson Outdoors Inc. 2003 Non-Employee Director Stock Ownership Plan. (Filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Form S-8 Registration Statement No. 333-115298 and incorporated herein by reference.) 
 10.8 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 15, 2017 among Johnson Outdoors Inc., certain subsidiaries of Johnson Outdoors Inc., PNC Bank, National Association, as lender and administrative agent, PNC Capital markets LLC, as sole lead arranger and bookrunner, and the other lender named therein (filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the current report on Form 8-K dated and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 20, 2017). 10.9 + 
 Johnson Outdoors Inc. 2009 Employees Stock Purchase Plan. (Filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the current report on Form 8-K dated and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 8, 2010.) 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 10.10 + 
 Johnson Outdoors Inc. 2010 Long Term Stock Incentive Plan. (Filed as Appendix A to the Company s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 15, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference.) 10.11 + 
 Johnson Outdoors Inc. 2012 Non-Employee Director Stock Ownership Plan. (Filed as Appendix A to the Company s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 13, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference.) 10.12 + 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under Johnson Outdoors Inc. 2012 Non-Employee Director Stock Ownership Plan. (Filed as Exhibit 10.31 to the annual report on Form 10-K dated and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 5, 2014.) 10.13 + 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Performance Based) under Johnson Outdoors Inc. 2010 Long Term Stock Incentive Plan. (Filed as Exhibit 10.32 to the annual report on Form 10-K dated and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 7, 2015.) 10.14 + 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under Johnson Outdoors Inc. 2012 Non-Employee Director Stock Ownership Plan. (Filed as Exhibit 10.14 to the annual report on Form 10-K dated and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 7, 2018.) 10.15 + 
 Johnson Outdoors Inc. 2020 Long Term Stock Incentive Plan. (Filed as Appendix A to the Company s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 10, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference.) 10.16 + 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Performance Based) under Johnson Outdoors Inc. 2020 Long Term Stock Incentive Plan. (Filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the registration statement on Form S-8 dated and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 5, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference.) 
 10.17 + 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under Johnson Outdoors Inc. 2020 Long Term Stock Incentive Plan. (Filed as Exhibit 99.3 to the registration statement on Form S-8 dated and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 5, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference.) 
 10.18 
 First Amendment dated July 15, 2021 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 15, 2017 among Johnson Outdoors Inc., certain subsidiaries of Johnson Outdoors Inc., PNC Bank, National Association, as lender and administrative agent, PNC Capital markets LLC, as sole lead arranger and bookrunner, and the other lender named therein (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K dated and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 16, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 21 
 Subsidiaries of the Company as of October 1, 2021 23 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a). 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a). 32.1 
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. (1) 
 101 The following materials from Johnson Outdoors Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 1, 2021 formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language) and furnished electronically herewith: (i) Consolidated Statements of Operations; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. XBRL Instance Document - the XBRL Instance Document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 104 The cover page from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 1, 2021 has been formatted in Inline XBRL (included in Exhibit 101). 
 
 + A management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 (1) This certification is not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Table of Contents Page Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 F- 2 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 F- 3 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 9 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 10 

Table of Contents 

 MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 The management of Johnson Outdoors Inc. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
 
 (a) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 
 
 (b) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 
 
 (c) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of October 1, 2021. In making this assessment, management used the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in 2013. Based on our assessment, management believes that, as of October 1, 2021, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. 
 
 /s/ Helen P. Johnson-Leipold /s/ David W. Johnson Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Johnson Outdoors Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Johnson Outdoors Inc.'s (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of October 1, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of October 1, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements of the Company. and our report dated December 10, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ RSM US LLP 
 Milwaukee, Wisconsin 
 December 10, 2021 
 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Johnson Outdoors Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Johnson Outdoors Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of October 1, 2021 and October 2, 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 1, 2021, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of October 1, 2021 and October 2, 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 1, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of October 1, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013, and our report dated December 10, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ RSM US LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2010. 
 
 Milwaukee, Wisconsin 
 December 10, 2021 
 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Year Ended 
 (thousands, except per share data) 
 October 1 2021 October 2 2020 September 27 2019 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Operating expenses: Marketing and selling Administrative management, finance and information systems Research and development Total operating expenses Operating profit Interest income ) ) ) Interest expense Other income, net ) ) ) Profit before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Weighted average common shares - Basic: Class A Class B Dilutive stock options and restricted stock units Weighted average common shares - Dilutive Net income per common share - Basic: Class A Class B Net income per common share - Diluted: Class A Class B Dividends declared per common share: Class A Class B 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 Year Ended 
 (thousands, except per share data) 
 October 1 2021 October 2 2020 September 27 2019 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation: Foreign currency translation ) Reclassification adjustment for currency translation gains related to the liquidation of foreign entities included in net income ) Defined benefit pension plan: Change in pension plans, net of tax of ), ), and ), respectively 
 
 Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total comprehensive income 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(thousands, except share data) 
 October 1 2021 October 2 2020 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and , respectively 
 Right of use assets Deferred income taxes Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Current lease liability Accrued liabilities: Salaries, wages and benefits Accrued warranty Income taxes payable Accrued discounts and returns Accrued customer programs Other Total current liabilities Non-current lease liability Deferred income taxes Retirement benefits Deferred compensation liability Other liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders' equity: Preferred stock: ne issued 
 Common stock: Class A shares issued and outstanding: and , respectively 
 Class B shares issued and outstanding: and , respectively 
 Capital in excess of par value Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income Treasury stock at cost, shares of Class A common stock: and , respectively 
 ) ) Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (thousands except for shares) Shares Common Stock Capital in Excess of Par Value Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 28, 2018 ) Net income Dividends declared ) Issuance of stock under employee stock purchase plan Award of non-vested shares ) Stock-based compensation Currency translation adjustment ) Write off of currency translation adjustment loss ) Change in pension plans, net of tax of 
 Non-vested stock forfeitures ) Purchase of treasury stock at cost ) ) BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 27, 2019 ) Net income Dividends declared ) Issuance of stock under employee stock purchase plan Award of non-vested shares Stock-based compensation Currency translation adjustment Change in pension plans, net of tax of 
 Purchase of treasury stock at cost ) ) BALANCE AT OCTOBER 2, 2020 ) Net income Dividends declared ) Award of non-vested shares ) Stock-based compensation Currency translation adjustment Change in pension plans, net of tax of 
 Non-vested stock forfeitures ) ) Purchase of treasury stock at cost ) ) BALANCE AT OCTOBER 1, 2021 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Year Ended (thousands) October 1 2021 October 2 2020 September 27 2019 CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation Amortization of intangible assets Amortization of deferred financing costs Loss (gain) on sale of productive assets ) Stock based compensation Write off of currency translation adjustment ) Provision for doubtful accounts receivable Provision for inventory reserves Pension contributions ) ) ) Deferred income taxes ) Change in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) ) ) Inventories, net ) ) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Other current assets ) ) ) Other non-current assets ) ) Other long-term liabilities ) Other, net ) ) CASH (USED FOR) PROVIDED BY INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchase of short-term investments ) Proceeds from sales of short-term investments Capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of productive assets ) ) CASH USED FOR FINANCING ACTIVITIES Debt issuance costs paid ) Common stock transactions Dividends paid ) ) ) Purchases of treasury stock ) ) ) ) ) ) Effect of foreign currency rate changes on cash ) Increase in cash and cash equivalents CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS Beginning of period End of period Supplemental Disclosure: Non-cash dividends Non-cash treasury activity Cash paid for taxes Cash paid for interest 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 OCTOBER 1, 2021 
 
 (IN THOUSANDS EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

1 

F-10 

Table of Contents 

 of cash and cash equivalents in bank accounts in foreign jurisdictions. 

Work in process Finished goods 

- years 
 Buildings and improvements - years 
 Furniture and fixtures, equipment and computer software - years 

Upon retirement or disposition of any of the foregoing types of assets, cost and the related accumulated depreciation are removed from the applicable account and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in the statements of operations. 

F-11 

Table of Contents 

 Buildings and improvements Furniture and fixtures, equipment and computer software Less accumulated depreciation 
 
 impairment to the Company s goodwill. 
 
 In conducting its analysis, the Company uses the income approach to compare the reporting unit s carrying value to its indicated fair value. Fair value is determined primarily by using a discounted cash flow methodology that requires considerable management judgment and long-term assumptions and is considered a Level 3 (unobservable) fair value determination in the fair value hierarchy (see Note 4 below). 
 
 The Company s impairment analysis is based on management s estimates. Due to the uncertainty of future events, the Company cannot assure that growth rates will not be lower than expected, that discount rates will not increase or that projected cash flows will not decline, all of which factors could impact the carrying value of any remaining goodwill (or portion thereof) in future periods, and accordingly, whether any impairment losses need to be recorded in future periods. 
 
 Accumulated impairment losses ) ) ) ) ) Currency translation ) ) Balance at October 2, 2020 Goodwill Accumulated impairment losses ) ) ) ) ) Currency translation Balance at October 1, 2021 Goodwill Accumulated impairment losses ) ) ) ) ) 

impairment losses recognized in fiscal 2021, 2020 or 2019. 
 
 to years. Amortization of patents and other intangible assets with definite lives was , and for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Amortization of these definite-lived intangible assets is expected to be approximately for each of the next 5 fiscal years. 
 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Other amortizable intangibles ) ) Non-amortized trademarks ) ) 

impairment. 

Expense accruals for warranties issued during the period Less current period warranty claims paid Balance at September 27, 2019 Expense accruals for warranties issued during the period Less current period warranty claims paid Balance at October 2, 2020 Expense accruals for warranties issued during the period Less current period warranty claims paid Balance at October 1, 2021 
 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 
 Unamortized loss on pension plans ) ) ) ) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of sales / Operating expense Tax effects ) Income tax expense Total reclassifications for the period 
 
 The reclassifications out of AOCI for the year ended October 2, 2020 were as follows: 
 
 Statement of Operations Presentation Unamortized loss on defined benefit pension plans: Amortization of loss Cost of sales / Operating expense Tax effects ) Income tax expense Total reclassifications for the period 
 
 The reclassifications out of AOCI for the year ended September 27, 2019 were as follows: 
 Statement of Operations Presentation Unamortized loss on defined benefit pension plans: Amortization of loss Cost of sales / Operating expense Tax effects ) Income tax expense Foreign currency translation adjustments: Write off of currency translation amounts ) Other income and expense Total reclassifications for the period ) 
 
 ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income Tax effects ) ) Balance at October 1, 2021 ) 
 
 The changes in AOCI by component, net of tax, for the year ended October 2, 2020 were as follows: 
 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 

 ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income Tax effects ) ) Balance at October 2, 2020 ) 
 
 of all dividends declared and paid on each share of Class B common stock. The Company grants shares of unvested restricted stock in the form of Class A shares, which carry the same distribution rights as the Class A common stock described above. As such, the undistributed earnings for each period are allocated to each class of common stock based on the proportionate share of the amount of cash dividends that each such class is entitled to receive. 
 
 Basic EPS 
 
 Basic net income or loss per share is computed by dividing net income or loss allocated to Class A common stock and Class B common stock by the weighted-average number of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock outstanding, respectively. In periods with cumulative year to date net income and undistributed income, the undistributed income for each period is allocated to each class of common stock based on the proportionate share of the amount of cash dividends that each such class is entitled to receive. In periods where there is a cumulative year to date net loss or no undistributed income because distributions through dividends exceed net income, Class B shares are treated as anti-dilutive and, therefore, net losses are allocated equally on a per share basis among all participating securities. 
 
 For the years ended October 1, 2021, October 2, 2020 and September 27, 2019, basic income per share for Class A and Class B shares has been presented using the two class method as described above. 
 
 Diluted EPS 
 Diluted net income per share is computed by dividing allocated net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding, adjusted for the effect of dilutive stock options, restricted stock units and non-vested restricted stock. Anti-dilutive stock options, restricted stock units and non-vested stock are excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS. The computation of diluted net income per share of Class A common stock assumes that Class B common stock is converted into Class A common stock. Therefore, diluted net income per share is the same for both Class A and Class B common shares. In periods where the Company reports a net loss, the effect of anti-dilutive stock options, restricted stock units and non-vested stock is excluded and diluted loss per share is equal to basic loss per share. 
 
 For the years ended October 1, 2021, October 2, 2020 and September 27, 2019, diluted net income per share reflects the effect of dilutive stock options and restricted stock units and assumes the conversion of Class B common stock into Class A common stock. 
 
 stock options that could potentially dilute earnings per share in the future which were not included in the fully diluted computation because they would have been anti-dilutive for the years ended October 1, 2021, October 2, 2020 and September 27, 2019. Non-vested stock that could potentially dilute earnings per share in the future which were not included in the fully diluted computation because they would have been anti-dilutive totaled , and shares for the years ended October 1, 2021, October 2, 2020 and September 27, 2019, respectively. 

F-15 

Table of Contents 

 Less: Undistributed earnings reallocated to non-vested shareholders ) ) ) Dilutive earnings Weighted average common shares Basic: Class A Class B Dilutive stock options and restricted stock units Weighted average common shares - Dilutive Net income per common share Basic: Class A Class B Net income per common share Diluted: Class A Class B 

The Company recognized currency losses from transactions of , and gains of in 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively, which were included in Other income, net in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 

 of the Company s revenues for the year ended October 1, 2021 were denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Approximately were denominated in euros and approximately were denominated in Canadian dollars, with the remaining denominated in various other foreign currencies. The Company may mitigate the impact on its operating results of a portion of the fluctuations in certain foreign currencies through the purchase of foreign currency swaps, forward contracts and options to hedge known commitments denominated in foreign currencies or borrowings in foreign currencies. The Company did not use foreign currency forward contracts in 2021, 2020 or 2019. The Company does not enter into foreign exchange contracts for trading or speculative purposes. 

Advertising and promotions expense in 2021, 2020 and 2019 totaled , and , respectively. These charges are included in Marketing and selling expenses. Capitalized advertising costs, included in Other current assets, totaled and at October 1, 2021 and October 2, 2020, respectively, and primarily included catalogs and costs of advertising which have not yet run for the first time. 

and totaled , and for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

The gross amount capitalized related to software development was , less accumulated amortization of , at October 1, 2021 and , less accumulated amortization of , at October 2, 2020. These costs are amortized over the expected life of the software of three to . Amortization expense related to capitalized software in 2021, 2020 and 2019 was , and , respectively, and is included in depreciation expense on plant, property and equipment. 

F-17 

Table of Contents 

F-18 

Table of Contents 

 2 
 outstanding debt at October 1, 2021 or October 2, 2020. 
 
 Revolvers 
 
 The Company and certain of its subsidiaries have entered into an unsecured revolving credit facility with PNC Bank, National Association and Associated Bank, N.A. ("the Lending Group"). This credit facility consists of a million Revolving Credit Facility among the Company, certain of the Company's subsidiaries, PNC Bank National Association, as lender and as administrative agent, and the other lender named therein (the "Credit Agreement" or "Revolver"). The Revolver provides for borrowing of up to an aggregate principal amount not to exceed with a accordion feature that gives the Company the option to increase the maximum financing availability (i.e., an aggregate borrowing amount of subject to the conditions of the Credit Agreement and subject to the approval of the lenders. On July 15, 2021, the Company entered into a First Amendment to this credit facility that extended its expiration date from November 15, 2022, to July 15, 2026. Other key provisions of the credit facility remained as outlined above and the description herein is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the original Debt Agreement (a copy of which was filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the current report of Form 8-K dated and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 20, 2017) and the Amendment (a copy of which was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K dated and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 16, 2021). 
 
 The interest rate on the Revolver is based on LIBOR plus an applicable margin, which margin resets each quarter. The applicable margin ranges from to and is dependent on the Company's leverage ratio for the trailing twelve month period. The interest rates on the Revolver were approximately at October 1, 2021 and at October 2, 2020. 
 
 The Credit Agreement restricts the Company's ability to incur additional debt, includes maximum leverage ratio and minimum interest coverage ratio covenants and is unsecured. 
 
 Other Borrowings 
 
 The Company utilizes letters of credit primarily as security for the payment of future claims under its workers compensation insurance which totaled and at October 1, 2021 and October 2, 2020, respectively. The Company had other unsecured lines of credit as of October 1, 2021 or October 2, 2020. 
 
 The weighted average borrowing rate for short-term debt was approximately , and for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 Under the Company s Credit Agreement, a change in control of the Company would constitute an event of default. A change in control would be deemed to have occurred if, among other events described in the terms of the Credit Agreement, a person or group other than the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Helen P. Johnson-Leipold, members of her family and related entities (hereinafter the Johnson Family) became or obtained rights as a beneficial owner (as interpreted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) of a certain minimum percentage of the outstanding capital stock of the Company. 

3 
 
 of the Company s revenues for the fiscal year ended October 1, 2021 were denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Approximately were denominated in euros and approximately were denominated 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 

 denominated in various other foreign currencies. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates can cause unexpected financial losses or cash flow needs. 
 
 The Company may mitigate the impact on its operating results of a portion of the fluctuations in certain foreign currencies through the use of foreign currency forward contracts. Foreign currency forward contracts enable the Company to lock in the foreign currency exchange rate for a fixed amount of currency to be paid or received on a specified date in the future. The Company may use such foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the risk associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates on financial instruments and known commitments denominated in foreign currencies. As of October 1, 2021 and October 2, 2020, the Company held foreign currency forward contracts. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 interest rate swap contracts. 

4 

The following table summarizes the Company s financial assets measured at fair value as of October 2, 2020: 
 
 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets: Rabbi trust assets 
 
 Rabbi trust assets are classified as trading securities and are comprised of marketable debt and equity securities that are marked to fair value based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets. The rabbi trust assets are owed by the Company to certain officers and other employees under the Company s non-qualified deferred compensation plan. These assets are included in "Other assets" in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets, and the mark-to-market adjustments on the assets are recorded in Other income, net in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. The offsetting deferred compensation liability is also reported at fair value and is included in Deferred compensation liability in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Changes in the liability are recorded in "Administrative management, finance and information systems" expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

F-20 

Table of Contents 

assets or liabilities were measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis in 2021, 2020, or 2019. 

5 
 
 million of lease liabilities with corresponding ROU assets for operating leases. The adoption of this new standard did not have a significant impact on the condensed consolidated statements of operations or cash flows, and did not impact our debt covenant compliance under our current credit agreements. 
 
 The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. The Company leases certain facilities and machinery and equipment under long-term, non-cancelable operating leases. As of October 1, 2021, the Company had approximately leases, with remaining terms ranging from less than to years. Some of the leases contain variable payment terms, such as payments based on fluctuations in the Consumer Price Index (CPI). Some leases also contain options to extend or terminate the lease. To the extent the Company is reasonably certain to exercise these options, they have been considered in the calculation of the ROU assets and lease liabilities. Under current lease agreements, there are no residual value guarantees or restrictive lease covenants. In calculating the ROU assets and lease liabilities, several assumptions and judgments were made by the Company, including whether a contract is or contains a lease under the new definition, and the determination of the discount rate, which is assumed to be the incremental borrowing rate. The incremental borrowing rate is derived from information available to the Company at the lease commencement date based on lease length and location. 
 
 Short-term lease costs Variable leases costs Total lease cost 
 
 Included in the amounts in the table above was rent expense to related parties of and for the years ended October 1, 2021 and October 2, 2020, respectively. 
 
 As of October 1, 2021 and October 2, 2020, the Company did not have any finance leases. While the Company extended or renewed various existing leases during the year, there were no significant new leases entered into during the year ended October 1, 2021. 
 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 

 Current operating leases liabilities Non-current operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term (in years) Weighted average discount rate Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities 
 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) ) Total net lease liability 
 During the second fiscal quarter of fiscal 2021, the Company amended its agreement with the landlord on an existing leased facility. Payments under the amended agreement are expected to begin in fiscal year 2022 and go through June 2039, and total estimated rental payments, not included in the amounts above, will be approximately million over the course of the lease as amended. As of October 1, 2021, the Company did not have any other additional significant operating lease commitments that have not yet commenced. 

6 
 Foreign 

F-22 

Table of Contents 

 State Foreign Deferred ) ) 
 
 Compensation Tax credit carryforwards Net operating loss carryforwards Other Total gross deferred tax assets Less valuation allowance Deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Goodwill and other intangibles Depreciation and amortization Foreign statutory reserves Net deferred tax assets 
 
 Non-current liabilities Net deferred tax assets 
 
 State income tax, net of federal benefit Uncertain tax positions, net of settlements ) ) Foreign-derived intangible income ("FDII") deduction ) ) ) Net tax cost of foreign income Compensation ) Other ) 
 
 The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 included a new provision designed to tax global intangible low taxed income GILTI starting in fiscal 2019. The Company elected to record the tax effects of the GILTI provision as a period expense in the applicable tax year. 

F-23 

Table of Contents 

 2027-2031 2032-2036 2037-2041 Indefinite Total 
 
 2027-2031 2032-2036 Total 
 
 Gross increases - tax positions in prior period Gross increases - tax positions in current period Settlements Lapse of statute of limitations ) ) Ending balance 
 
 The total accrued interest and penalties with respect to income taxes was approximately and for the years ended October 1, 2021 and October 2, 2020, respectively. The Company s liability for unrecognized tax benefits as of October 1, 2021 was , and if recognized, of such amount would have an effective tax rate impact. 
 
 In accordance with its accounting policy, the Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. Interest and penalties of ), and were recorded as a component of income tax expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations during fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 The Company s policy is to remit earnings from foreign subsidiaries only to the extent the remittance does not result in an incremental U.S. tax liability. The Company does not currently provide for the additional U.S. and foreign income taxes which would become payable upon remission of undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries. If all undistributed earnings were remitted, an additional income tax provision of approximately million would have been necessary as of October 1, 2021. 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 

7 
 
 in our Consolidated Statements of Operations as Other Expense (Income), Net. The remaining over-funded plan assets will be utilized by the Company to fund remaining expenses related to the Terminated Plans, as well as obligations associated with other qualified retirement programs. 
 
 The Company still maintains the Johnson Outdoors Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan ("SERP"), and all future benefit payments to participants under this plan are made from the Company's general assets. 
 
 The Company has elected the practical expedient pursuant to ASU 2015-04, Compensation-retirement benefits (Topic 715) and has selected the measurement date of September 30, the calendar month end closest to the Company's fiscal year end. 
 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 

 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial (gain) loss ) Settlements ) Benefits paid ) ) Projected benefit obligation, end of year Fair value of plan assets: Fair value of plan assets, beginning of year Actual (loss) gain on plan assets ) Company contributions Settlements ) Benefits paid ) ) Fair value of plan assets, end of year Funded status of the plans ) Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets consist of: Current pension liabilities Non-current pension liabilities Non-current pension assets Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Components of accumulated other comprehensive loss: Net actuarial loss ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) 
 
 Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of unrecognized net actuarial loss Pension termination charge Net periodic pension cost Other changes in benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive income ("OCI"): Pension termination charge ) Net actuarial gain ) ) ) Total recognized in net periodic pension cost and OCI ) ) 
 
 The Company expects to recognize of unrecognized loss amortization as a component of net periodic benefit cost in 2022. This amount is included in accumulated other comprehensive income as of October 1, 2021. 
 
 At October 1, 2021, the aggregate accumulated benefit obligation and aggregate fair value of plan assets for plans with plan assets in excess of benefit obligations was and , respectively, and the aggregate accumulated benefit obligation and aggregate fair value of plan assets for plans with benefit obligations in excess of plan assets was and , respectively. At October 2, 2020, the aggregate accumulated benefit obligation and aggregate fair value of plan assets for plans with plan assets in excess of benefit obligations was and , respectively, and the aggregate accumulated benefit obligation and aggregate fair value of plan assets for plans with benefit obligations in excess of plan assets was and , respectively. 
 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 

 through fiscal year 2022. 
 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 Five years thereafter 
 
 Long-term rate of return N/A N/A N/A Average salary increase rate N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A 
 
 To determine the discount rate assumption used in the Company s pension valuation, the Company identified a benefit payout stream based on the demographics of the pension plans and constructed a hypothetical bond portfolio using high-quality corporate bonds with cash flows that matched that benefit payout stream. A yield curve was calculated based on this hypothetical portfolio which was used for the discount rate determination. 
 
 The Company determines the long-term rate of return assumption for plan assets by using the historical asset returns for various investment asset classes and adjusting them to reflect future expectations. The expected asset class returns are weighted by the targeted asset allocations, resulting in a weighted average return which is rounded to the nearest quarter percent. 
 
 The Company uses measurement dates of October 1 to determine pension expenses for each year and September 30 to determine the fair value of the pension assets. 
 
 Fixed income securities Other securities 
 
 Total 
 
 The following table summarizes the Company s pension plan assets measured at fair value as of October 2, 2020: 
 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 

 Mutual funds Money market funds Group annuity contract Total 
 
 Gain/(loss) ) Sales ) ) Level 3 assets, end of year 
 
 The fair values of the treasury fixed income and mutual fund assets were derived from quoted market prices as substantially all of these instruments have active markets. The fair values of agency and corporate bond fixed income and money market assets are derived from other observable market inputs or independent pricing services. The fair value of the group annuity contract was derived using a discounted cash flow model with inputs based on current yields of similar instruments with comparable durations. The annuity contract consisted of high quality bonds. 
 
 The Company also has a non-qualified deferred compensation plan that provides certain officers and employees the ability to defer a portion of their compensation until a later date. The deferred amounts and earnings thereon are payable to participants, or designated beneficiaries, at specified future dates upon retirement, death or termination of employment from the Company. The deferred compensation liability, which is reported at fair value equal to the related rabbi trust assets, and is classified as Deferred compensation liability on our accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets, was approximately and as of October 1, 2021 and October 2, 2020, respectively. See Note 4 Fair Value for additional information. 
 
 A majority of the Company s full-time employees are covered by defined contribution programs. Expenses attributable to the defined contribution programs were approximately , and for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

8 
 shares of preferred stock in various classes and series, of which there are ne currently issued and ne outstanding. 

9 
 
 par value: 
 Authorized Outstanding Class B, par value: 
 Authorized Outstanding 
 
 Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to elect , or the next highest whole number, of the members of the Company s Board of Directors and holders of Class B common stock are entitled to elect the remaining directors. With respect to matters other than the election of directors or any matters for which class voting is required by law, holders of Class A 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 

 vote per share while holders of Class B common stock are entitled to votes per share. If any dividends (other than dividends paid in shares of the Company s stock) are paid by the Company on its common stock, a dividend would be paid on each share of Class A common stock equal to of the amount paid on each share of Class B common stock. Each share of Class B common stock is convertible at any time into share of Class A common stock. During 2021 and 2020 there were and shares of Class B common stock converted into Class A common stock, respectively. 

10 
 
 shares of the Company s Class A common stock available for grant to key executives and non-employee directors at October 1, 2021. Share awards previously made under the Company's 2010 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan, which no longer allows for additional share grants, also remain outstanding. 
 
 The Company recognized additional tax benefits from the vesting of restricted stock and restricted stock units of , and for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. In 2021 and 2020, these amounts were recorded as a component of income tax expense. In 2019, the amount was recorded as an increase in additional paid-in capital on the consolidated balance sheets and as cash from financing activities on the consolidated statements of cash flows. The Company recognizes forfeitures of equity awards as incurred. 
 
 Non-Vested Stock 
 
 All shares of non-vested stock awarded by the Company have been granted at their fair market value on the date of grant and vest within after the grant date. The fair value at date of grant is based on the number of shares granted and the average of the Company s high and low Class A common stock price on the date of grant or, if the Company s shares did not trade on the date of grant, the average of the Company s high and low Class A common stock price on the last preceding date on which the Company s shares traded. 
 
 Non-vested stock grants Restricted stock vested ) Non-vested stock at October 2, 2020 Non-vested stock grants Non-vested stock forfeited ) Restricted stock vested ) Non-vested stock October 1, 2021 
 
 Non-vested stock grantees may elect to reimburse the Company for withholding taxes due as a result of the vesting of shares by tendering a portion of the vested shares back to the Company. Shares tendered back to the Company were and during 2021 and 2020, respectively. The fair value of restricted stock vested during 2021, 2020 and 2019 was approximately , and , respectively. 
 
 Stock compensation expense, net of forfeitures, related to non-vested stock was , and during 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The tax benefit recognized during 2021, 2020 and 2019 related to stock based compensation was , and , respectively. Unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock as of October 1, 2021 was , which amount will be amortized to expense through September 2023 or adjusted for changes in future estimated or actual forfeitures. 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 

from the date of grant for RSUs granted to directors and from the date of the grant for RSUs granted to employees. 
 
 RSUs granted RSUs vested ) RSUs at October 2, 2020 RSUs granted RSUs vested ) RSUs at October 1, 2021 
 
 RSU grantees may elect to reimburse the Company for withholding taxes due as a result of the vesting of units and issuance of unrestricted shares of Class A common stock by tendering a portion of such unrestricted shares back to the Company. Shares tendered back to the Company were and during 2021 and 2020, respectively. The fair value of restricted stock recognized as a tax deduction during 2021, 2020 and 2019 was approximately , and , respectively. 
 
 Stock compensation expense, net of forfeitures, related to restricted stock units was , and for the years ended October 1, 2021, October 2, 2020 and September 27, 2019, respectively. The tax benefit recognized during 2021, 2020 and 2019 related to restricted stock unit based compensation was , and , respectively. Unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested restricted stock units as of October 1, 2021 was , which amount will be amortized to expense through September 2022 or adjusted for changes in future estimated or actual forfeitures. 
 
 Compensation expense related to units earned by certain employees is based upon the attainment of certain financial goals related to cumulative net sales and cumulative operating profit over a performance period. Awards are only paid if at least of the target levels are met and maximum payouts are made if of more of target levels are achieved. The payouts for achievement at the minimum threshold levels of performance are equal to of the target award amount. The payouts for achievement at maximum levels of performance are equal to of the target award amount. To the extent earned, awards are issued in shares of Company common stock after the end of the performance period. 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 The 2009 Employees Stock Purchase Plan (the Purchase Plan provides for the issuance of shares of Class A common stock at a purchase price of not less than of the fair market value of such shares on the date of grant or at the end of the offering period, whichever is lower. 
 
 The Company issued , and shares of Class A common stock under the Purchase Plan during the years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and recognized expense of , and in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

11 
 
 , and for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Amounts due to/from related parties were immaterial at October 1, 2021 and October 2, 2020. 
 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 

 12 
 
 and the accrued returns liability was . At October 2, 2020, the right to returns asset was and the accrued returns liability was . The Company also offers assurance-type warranties relating to its products sold to end customers that continue to be accounted for under ASC 460 Guarantees. 
 
 The Company generally accounts for shipping and handling activities as a fulfillment activity, consistent with the timing of revenue recognition; that is, when a customer takes control of the transferred goods. In the event that a customer were to take control of a product upon or after shipment, the Company has made an accounting policy election to treat such shipping and handling activities as a fulfillment cost. Shipping and handling fees billed to customers are included in "Net Sales," and shipping and handling costs are recognized within "Marketing and selling expenses" in the same period the related revenue is recognized. 
 
 The Company has a wide variety of seasonal, outdoor recreation products used primarily for fishing from a boat, diving, paddling, hiking and camping, that are sold to a variety of customers in multiple end markets. While there are multiple products sold, the nature of products are similar in terms of the nature of the revenue recognition policies. 
 
 See Note 13 of these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for required disclosures of disaggregated revenue. 

13 
 
 , , and respectively, of the Company's consolidated revenues. 
 
 Net sales and operating profit include both sales to customers, as reported in the Company s accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations, and inter-unit transfers, which are priced to recover costs plus an appropriate profit margin. Total assets represent assets that are used in the Company s operations in each business segment at the end of the years presented. 
 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 

 Interunit transfers Camping: Unaffiliated customers Interunit transfers Watercraft Recreation: Unaffiliated customers Interunit transfers Diving Unaffiliated customers Interunit transfers Other / Corporate Eliminations ) ) ) Total Operating profit (loss): Fishing Camping Watercraft Recreation ) ) Diving ) Other / Corporate ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization expense: Fishing Camping Watercraft Recreation Diving Other / Corporate Capital expenditures: Fishing Camping Watercraft Recreation Diving Other / Corporate Goodwill, net: Fishing Camping Watercraft Recreation Diving Total assets (end of period): Fishing Camping Watercraft Recreation Diving Other / Corporate 

F-32 

Table of Contents 

 Interunit transfers Europe: Unaffiliated customers Interunit transfers Canada: Unaffiliated customers Interunit transfers Other: Unaffiliated customers Interunit transfers Eliminations ) ) ) Total assets: United States Europe Canada and other Long-term assets (1) : 
 United States Europe Canada and other 
 
 (1) Long term assets consist of net property, plant and equipment, right of use assets, net intangible assets, goodwill and other assets excluding deferred income taxes. 

14 

F-33 

Table of Contents 

 15 
 Reserves for inventory valuation Valuation of deferred tax assets Reserves for sales returns Year ended October 2, 2020 Allowance for doubtful accounts Reserves for inventory valuation Valuation of deferred tax assets Reserves for sales returns Year ended September 27, 2019 Allowance for doubtful accounts Reserves for inventory valuation Valuation of deferred tax assets Reserves for sales returns 

16 
 
 Gross profit Operating profit Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Net income per common share - Basic: Class A Class B Net income per common share - Diluted: Class A Class B 
 
 Due to changes in stock prices during the year and the timing of issuance of shares, the cumulative total of quarterly net income per share amounts may not equal the net income per share for the entire year. 
 
 F-34 

<EX-21>
 2
 brhc10031411_ex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

EXHIBIT 21

JOHNSON OUTDOORS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

The following lists the principal direct and indirect subsidiaries of Johnson Outdoors Inc. as of October 1, 2021. Inactive subsidiaries are not presented:

Name of Subsidiary (1)(2)

Jurisdiction in

 which Incorporated

Johnson Outdoors Canada Inc.

Canada

Johnson Outdoors Watercraft Inc.

Delaware

Johnson Outdoors Marine Electronics. Inc.

Alabama

Johnson Outdoors Gear Inc.

Delaware

Johnson Outdoors Diving LLC

Delaware

Under Sea Industries, Inc.

Delaware

JWA Holding B.V.

Netherlands

Johnson Beteiligungsellschaft GmbH

Germany

Uwatec AG

Switzerland

Scubapro Asia Pacific Ltd.

Hong Kong

P.T. Uwatec Batam

Indonesia

Scubapro Asia, Ltd.

Japan

Scubapro Espana, S.A.

Spain

Scubapro AG

Switzerland

Scubapro Europe Benelux, S.A.

Belgium

Johnson Outdoors France

France

Scubapro/Uwatec France S.A.

France

Scubapro Europe S.r.l

Italy

Scubapro Italy S.r.l.

Italy

Scubapro-Uwatec Australia Pty. Ltd.

Australia

Johnson Outdoors Watercraft Ltd.

New Zealand

Johnson Outdoors Vertriebsgesellschaft GmbH

Germany

SeaBear GmbH

Austria

(1)

Unless otherwise indicated in brackets, each company does business only under its legal name.

(2)

Unless otherwise indicated by footnote, each company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Johnson Outdoors Inc. (through direct or indirect ownership).

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 brhc10031411_ex23.htm
 EXHIBIT 23

EXHIBIT 23

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (No. 333-238004, 333-217855, 333-217854, 333-166418, 333-166417, 33 19804, 33 19805,
 33 35309, 33 50680, 33 52073, 33 54899, 33 59325, 33 61285, 333 88089, 333 88091, 333 84480, 333 84414, 333 107354 and 333 115298) on Form S-8 of Johnson Outdoors Inc. of our reports dated December 10, 2021, relating to the consolidated financial
 statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Johnson Outdoors Inc. appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Johnson Outdoors Inc. for the year ended October 1, 2021.

/s/ RSM US LLP

Milwaukee, Wisconsin

 December 10, 2021

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 brhc10031411_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1

Certification of Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

I, Helen P. Johnson-Leipold, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Johnson Outdoors Inc.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
 light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
 disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
 registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
 auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting.

Date: December 10, 2021

/s/ Helen P. Johnson-Leipold

Helen P. Johnson-Leipold

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 brhc10031411_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2

Certification of Chief Financial Officer

Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

I, David W. Johnson, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Johnson Outdoors Inc.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
 light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
 disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
 registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
 auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting.

Date: December 10, 2021

/s/ David W. Johnson

David W. Johnson

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Treasurer

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 brhc10031411_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1

Written Statement of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350

Solely for the purposes of complying with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, I, the undersigned Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Johnson Outdoors Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of
 the Company for the year ended October 1, 2021 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
 financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

/s/ Helen P. Johnson-Leipold

Helen P. Johnson-Leipold

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

December 10, 2021

Written Statement of the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350

Solely for the purposes of complying with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, I, the undersigned Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Johnson Outdoors Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify that the Annual Report on Form
 10-K of the Company for the year ended October 1, 2021 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

/s/ David W. Johnson

David W. Johnson

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Treasurer

December 10, 2021

The above certifications are made solely for the purpose of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, subject to the knowledge standard contained therein, and not for any other purpose.

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 jout-20211001.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 jout-20211001_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 jout-20211001_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 jout-20211001_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 jout-20211001_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

