<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211217_10-K_edgar_data_810136_0001140361-21-042251.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13283557</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>203208</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1939951</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4985141</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2961816</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2671643</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-21-042251.hdr.sgml : 20211217
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211217170615
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-21-042251
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		113
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20211031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211217
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211217

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PHOTRONICS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000810136
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				060854886
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CT
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39063
		FILM NUMBER:		211502462

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15 SECOR ROAD
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 5226
		CITY:			BROOKFIELD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06804
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2037759000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15 SECOR ROAD
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 5226
		CITY:			BROOKFIELD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06804

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PHOTRONIC LABS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19900514

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-21-042251.txt : 20211217

10-K
 1
 brhc10031689_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended 

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from ___ to ___

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(IRS Employer Identification No.)

,
 , 

(Address of principal executive offices)(Zip Code)

) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE RIGHTS

N/A

N/A

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to
 Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
 reporting company. See definition of accelerated filer, large accelerated filer, smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):

Accelerated Filer

Non-Accelerated Filer

Smaller Reporting Company

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
 with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its
 internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (( 15 U.S.C 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of May 2, 2021, which was the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market
 value of the shares of the registrant's common stock held by non-affiliates was approximately (based upon the closing price of
 12.70 per share as reported by the NASDAQ Global Select Market on that date).

As of December 9, 2021, 
 shares of the registrant s common stock were outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Proxy Statement for the 2022

Annual Meeting of Shareholders

Incorporated into Part III

to be held on March 10, 2022

of this Form 10-K

PHOTRONICS, INC.

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

OCTOBER 31, 2021

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Glossary of Terms and Acronyms 

3

Forward-Looking Statements 

4

PART I: 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

5

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

10

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

20 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

20

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

21

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

21

PART II: 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

21

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

22

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

22

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

35

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

36

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

69

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

69

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

71

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

71

PART III: 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

71

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

71

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

71

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

71

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

72

PART IV: 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

72

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

76

2 

Table of Contents 

Glossary of Terms and Acronyms

Definitions of certain terms and acronyms that may appear in this report are provided below.

AMOLED

Active-matrix organic light-emitting diode. A technology used in mobile devices.

ASC

Accounting Standards Codification

ASP

Average Selling Price

ASU

Accounting Standards Update

Chip stacking

Placement of a computer chip on top of another computer chip, resulting in the reduction of the distance between the chips in a circuit board

COVID-19

Covid virus 2019, an infectious disease that was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization in March 2020

DNP

Dai Nippon Printing Co., Ltd.

EUV

A wafer lithography technology using the industry standard extreme ultraviolet (EUV) wavelength. EUV photomasks function by selectively reflecting or blocking light, in contrast to conventional photomasks which function by selectively
 transmitting or blocking light

Exchange Act

The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended)

FASB

Financial Accounting Standards Board

Form 10-K

Annual Report on Form 10-K

Form 10-Q

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q

FPDs

Flat-panel displays, or displays 

Generation

In reference to flat panel displays, refers to the size range of the underlying substrate to which a photomask is applied. Higher generation (or G numbers represent larger substrates

High-end (photomasks)

For IC, photomasks that are 28nm or smaller; for FPD, AMOLED, G10.5+, and LTPS photomasks

ICs

Integrated circuits, or semiconductors

LIBOR

London Inter-Bank Offered Rate

LTPS

Low-Temperature Poly Silicon, a polycrystalline silicon synthesized at relatively low temperatures; polycrystalline silicon in thin-film transistors (TFTs) are used in liquid-crystal display (LCD) flat panels and to drive organic
 light-emitting diode (OLED) displays

MLA

Master Lease Agreement

Optical proximity 

 correction

A photolithography enhancement technique applied to compensate for the limitations of light to maintain the edge placement integrity of an original design, after processing, into the etched image on a silicon wafer

PDMCX

Xiamen American Japan Photronics Mask Co., Ltd., a joint venture of Photronics and DNP

Phase-shift photomasks

Photomasks that take advantage of the interference generated by phase differences to improve image resolution in 
 photolithography

RMB

Chinese renminbi

ROU (assets)

Right-of-use asset

SEC

Securities and Exchange Commission

Securities Act

The Securities Act of 1933 (as amended)

U.S. GAAP

Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America

Wafer

A wafer, or silicon wafer, is a thin slice of semiconductor material that, in the fabrication of microelectronics, serves as the substrate for microelectronic devices built in and upon the wafer

All references to 2021 , 2020 , and 2019 are to our fiscal years ended on October 31 of those years, unless otherwise stated.

3 

Table of Contents 

Forward-Looking Statements

This Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements, as defined by the SEC. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements made by
 us, or on our behalf. Forward-looking statements are statements other than statements of historical fact, including, without limitation, those statements that include such words as anticipates , believes , estimates , expects , intends ,
 plans , predicts , and similar expressions, and, without limitation, may address our future plans, objectives, goals, strategies, events, or performance, as well as underlying assumptions and other statements that are other than statements of
 historical facts. On occasion, in other documents filed with the SEC, press releases, conferences, or by other means, we may discuss, publish, disseminate, or otherwise make available, forward-looking statements, including statements contained
 within Item 2 Management s Discussion Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Form 10-K.

Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed. Our expectations, beliefs and projections are
 expressed in good faith and are believed by us to have a reasonable basis, including, without limitation, management s examination of historical operating trends, information contained in our records, and information we ve obtained from other
 parties. However, we can offer no assurance that our expectations, beliefs, or projections will be realized, accomplished or achieved.

Forward-looking statements within this Form 10-K speak only as of the date of its filing, and we undertake no obligation to update any such statements to reflect changes in events or
 circumstances that may subsequently occur. Users of this Form 10-K are cautioned that various factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements found within this Form 10-K and that they
 should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement. In addition, all forward-looking statements, whether written or oral and whether made by us or on our behalf, are expressly qualified by the risk factors provided in Item 1A
 Risk Factors of this Form 10-K.

4 

Table of Contents 

PART I

ITEM 1.

BUSINESS

General

Photronics, Inc. (and its subsidiaries, collectively referred to herein as Photronics , the Company , we , our , or us is the world's leading manufacturer of photomasks, which are high precision photographic
 quartz or glass plates containing microscopic images of electronic circuits. Photomasks are a key element in the manufacture of ICs and FPDs and are used as masters to transfer circuit patterns onto semiconductor wafers and FPD substrates during
 the fabrication of ICs, a variety of FPDs and, to a lesser extent, other types of electrical and optical components. We have eleven manufacturing facilities, including two recently constructed facilities in China. Our FPD facility in Hefei, China,
 and our IC facility in Xiamen, China, commenced production in the second and third quarters of 2019, respectively.

Our principal executive offices are located at 15 Secor Road, Brookfield, Connecticut, 06804, telephone (203) 775-9000. Our website address is http://www.photronics.com. We make available, free of charge through our
 website, our Forms 10-K, Definitive Proxy Statements on Schedule 14A, Forms 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to these reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are electronically filed with or furnished to
 the SEC. The information found on, or incorporated into, our website is not part of this or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. The SEC also maintains a website at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy statements and
 other information regarding SEC registrants, including Photronics.

Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic

All of our facilities have continued to operate throughout the COVID-19 pandemic. However, since shortly after it was first identified near the end of calendar year 2019, the pandemic has had an impact on our business
 in a number of ways including customer shutdowns, which led to delays in new photomask design releases, and travel restrictions, which delayed tool installations and servicing. Proposed government actions, in response to the pandemic, have made it
 more challenging to retain and hire new employees at our facilities. To date, we have not experienced significant raw material shortages; however, supply-chain disruptions could potentially delay or prevent us from fulfilling customer orders. While
 our business has continued to grow over the course of the pandemic, we cannot predict its future impact on our business with a high level of certainty.

At certain facilities, employees not required to be on-site to maintain production have worked remotely at various times either at our discretion or due to government
 mandates. The implementation of these safety measures has not affected these employees abilities to support our operations.

Sales

We manufacture photomasks, which are used as masters to transfer circuit patterns onto semiconductor wafers and FPD substrates. Photomasks are manufactured incorporating circuit designs provided to us on a confidential
 basis by our customers. IC and FPD photomask sets are manufactured in layers, each having a distinct pattern which is etched onto a different photomask. The resulting series of photomasks is then used to image the circuit patterns onto each
 successive layer of a semiconductor wafer or FPD substrate. The typical manufacturing process for a photomask involves the receipt and conversion of circuit design data to manufacturing pattern data. A lithography system then exposes the circuit
 pattern onto the photomask blank. The exposed areas are developed and etched to produce that pattern on the photomask. The photomask is then inspected for defects and conformity to the customer's design data. After any defects are repaired, the
 photomask is cleaned, any required pellicles (protective translucent cellulose membranes) are applied and, after final inspection, the photomask is shipped to the customer.

High-end production for photomasks is considered to be 28 nanometer and smaller for ICs and Generation 10.5+, AMOLED, and LTPS display-based process technologies for FPDs. However, 32 nanometer and above geometries for
 semiconductors and Generation 8 and below (excluding AMOLED and LTPS) process technologies for displays, which we refer to as mainstream, constitute the majority of designs currently being fabricated in volume. At these geometries and at various
 high-end nodes, we can produce full lines of photomasks. Moreover, there is no significant technology employed by our competitors that is not available to us. We expect advanced-generation designs to continue to be developed throughout fiscal 2022,
 and we believe we are well positioned to service an increasing volume of this business as a result of our ongoing investments in manufacturing processes and technology in the regions where our customers are located.

5 

Table of Contents 

Generally, Photronics and each of its customers engage in a qualification and correlation process before we become an approved supplier. Thereafter, based on the customer s specifications, we typically negotiate
 pricing parameters for the customer's order. Some prices may remain in effect for an extended period of time. In many instances, we enter into sales arrangements with an understanding that, as long as our performance is competitive, we will receive
 a specified percentage of that customer's photomask orders.

The first several layers of photomasks are sometimes required to be delivered to customers within 24 hours from the time we receive customer design data. Because of the short period between order
 and shipment dates (typically from one day to two weeks) for a significant amount of our revenue, the dollar amount of our current backlog is not a reliable indicator of future revenue.

The ability to manufacture high-quality photomasks within short time periods is dependent upon robust processes, efficient manufacturing methods, high production yield, available manufacturing capacity, and high
 equipment reliability. We work to meet these requirements by making significant investments in research and development, capital equipment, manufacturing and data processing systems, and by utilizing statistical process control methods to optimize
 our manufacturing processes and reduce cycle times.

Quality control is an integral part of the photomask manufacturing process. Photomasks are manufactured in temperature, humidity, and particulate-controlled clean rooms because of the high level of precision, quality
 and manufacturing yield required. Each photomask is inspected several times during the manufacturing process to ensure compliance with customer specifications. We continue to make substantial investments in equipment to produce, inspect and repair
 photomasks to ensure that customer specifications are met.

We conduct our sales and marketing activities primarily through a staff of full-time sales personnel and customer service representatives who work closely with the Company's management and technical personnel. We
 support non-U.S. customers through both our domestic and foreign facilities and consider our presence in non-U.S. markets to be an important factor in attracting new customers, as it provides global solutions to our customers, minimizes delivery
 time, and allows us to serve customers that utilize manufacturing foundries outside of the United States, principally in Asia. See Notes 8 and 16 to our consolidated financial statements for the amount of revenue and long-lived assets attributable
 to each of our geographic areas of operations.

Research and Development

We primarily conduct corporate research and development activities for IC photomasks at our Boise, Idaho, facility and, to a lesser degree, Photronics DNP Mask Corporation PDMC ), our joint venture subsidiary in
 Taiwan. Research and development for FPD photomasks is primarily conducted at Photronics Cheonan, Ltd., our subsidiary in South Korea. Additionally, we conduct site-specific research and development programs to support local, strategic customer
 roadmaps. All of these research and development programs and activities are undertaken to advance our competitiveness in technology and manufacturing efficiency. We also conduct application-oriented research and development, including data and
 service technology to support the integration of photomasks into customer processes. Currently, research and development for IC photomasks are primarily focused on photomasks enabling wafer geometries of 14 nanometer node and smaller and, for FPDs,
 on Generations 8 and 10 substrate size photomasks for new TV technologies, emerging opportunities for micro- and mini-LED displays, and photomask technology for the complex FPD photomasks required in the manufacture of advanced mobile displays,
 such as AMOLED. We believe these core competencies will continue to be a critical part of semiconductor and FPD manufacturing, as wafer and FPD substrate optical lithography continues to enable new high-end ICs and displays. We incurred research
 and development expenses of 18.5 million, 17.1 million, and 16.4 million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. It is our belief that we own, control, or license the proprietary information (including trade secrets and patents) that is necessary
 for our business, as it is presently conducted. We also believe that our intellectual property and trade secret know-how will continue to be important to our maintaining technical leadership in the field of photomasks.

6 

Table of Contents 

Markets

The market for photomasks primarily consists of domestic and non-U.S. semiconductor and FPD manufacturers and designers. Photomasks are manufactured by independent merchant manufacturers like Photronics, and by
 semiconductor and FPD manufacturers that produce photomasks for their own use (captive manufacturers). In rare instances, captive manufacturers also sell to other semiconductor or FPD manufacturers. Previously, there was a trend towards the
 divesture or closing of captive photomask operations by semiconductor manufacturers, and an increase in the share of the market served by independent merchant manufacturers. This trend was driven by the increased complexity and cost of capital
 equipment used in manufacturing photomasks and the lack of economy of scale for many semiconductor and FPD manufacturers to effectively utilize the equipment. However, more recently, to reach certain roadmap milestones, some captive mask facilities
 have been investing at faster rates than independent manufacturers, particularly in the foundry logic and memory spaces. Nevertheless, most captive manufacturers maintain business and technology relationships with independent photomask
 manufacturers for ongoing support.

We support customers across the full spectrum of IC production and FPD technologies by manufacturing photomasks using electron beam or optical (laser-based) lithography systems. For IC photomasks, the predominant
 writing technology used for advanced photomasks with fine-scale resolution requirements is electron beam writing systems, while FPD mask fabrication utilizes optical writing systems. These systems are capable of producing the most advanced
 semiconductor and display photomasks for use in an array of products. End markets served with IC photomasks include devices used for microprocessors, memory, telecommunications, and related applications. We own a number of both high-end and mature
 electron beam and laser-based lithography systems.

We sell our products primarily to leading semiconductor and FPD manufacturers. During 2021, we sold our products to approximately 530 customers. Revenue from United Microelectronics Corp. Co., Ltd. accounted for
 approximately 17 , 16 and 15 of our total revenues in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and revenue from Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. accounted for approximately 12 , 14 and 16 of our total revenues in those respective years. Our five largest
 customers, in the aggregate, accounted for approximately 43 , 45 and 46 of our revenue in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. A significant decrease in the amount of revenue from any of these customers could have a material adverse effect on our
 financial performance and business prospects.

Competition

The photomask industry is highly competitive, and most of our customers utilize multiple photomask suppliers. Our ability to compete depends primarily upon the consistency of our product quality, timeliness of
 delivery, competitive pricing, technical capability, and service, which we believe are the principal factors considered by customers in selecting their photomask suppliers. An inability to meet these requirements could adversely affect our
 financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We also believe that geographic proximity to customers is an important factor in certain markets where cycle time from order to delivery is critical. While some of our competitors may have
 greater financial, sales, marketing, or other resources than Photronics, we believe that we are able to compete effectively because of our dedication to customer service, ongoing investments in state-of-the-art photomask equipment and facilities,
 and experienced technical employees.

We estimate that, for the types of photomasks we manufacture (IC and FPD), the size of the total market (captive and merchant) is approximately 5.8 billion. Our competitors include Compugraphics International, Ltd.,
 Dai Nippon Printing Co., Ltd (outside of Taiwan and China), Hoya Corporation, LG Innotek Co., Ltd., Shenzhen New Way Photomask Making Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Qingyi Photomask, Ltd., SK-Electronics Co., Ltd., Taiwan Mask Corporation, and Toppan
 Electronics Products Co., Ltd. We also compete with semiconductor and FPD manufacturers' captive photomask manufacturing operations that supply photomasks for internal use and, in some instances, also for external customers and foundries. We expect
 to face continued competition which, in the past, has led to pressure to reduce prices. We believe the pressure to reduce prices, together with the significant investment required in capital equipment to manufacture high-end photomasks, has
 contributed to the decrease in the number of independent manufacturers, and we expect such pressure to continue in the future.

International Operations

Revenues from our non-U.S. operations were approximately 84 , 83 and 81 of our total revenues in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. We believe that our ability to serve
 non-U.S. markets is enhanced by our having, among other things, a local presence in the markets we serve. This requires significant investments in financial, managerial, operational, and other resources.

7 

Table of Contents 

Operations outside of the United States are subject to inherent risks, including fluctuations in exchange rates, political and economic conditions in various countries, legal compliance and regulatory requirements,
 tariffs and other trade barriers, difficulties in staffing and managing international operations, longer accounts receivable collection cycles, potential restrictions on transfers of funds, and potentially adverse tax consequences. These factors
 may have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate revenue outside of the United States and to deploy resources where they could otherwise be used to their greatest advantage and, consequently, may adversely affect our financial
 condition and results of operations. Notes 8 and 16 of our consolidated financial statements, respectively, present revenue and long-lived assets by geographic area.

Resources

Raw materials used by Photronics generally include: high precision quartz plates (including large area plates), which are used as photomask blanks and are primarily obtained from Japanese and Korean suppliers;
 pellicles and electronic grade chemicals, which are used in the manufacturing process; and compacts, which are durable plastic containers in which photomasks are shipped. These materials are generally sourced from several suppliers. We believe that
 our utilization of a select group of strategic suppliers enables us to access the most technologically advanced materials available. On an ongoing basis, we continue to consider additional supply sources.

We typically enter into annual pricing agreements with our suppliers, some of which include volume-based incentives that have resulted in substantial cost savings; these agreements do not require us to purchase minimum
 dollar amounts or quantities of their subject materials.

We rely on a limited number of equipment suppliers to develop and provide the equipment used in the photomask manufacturing process. Although, historically, we have been able to obtain equipment on a timely basis, an
 inability to obtain or repair equipment when required could adversely affect our business and results of operations.

Intellectual Property Rights

We have developed and hold ownership interests in intellectual property IP rights, in the forms of patents issued in the U.S., and other trademark and trademark registrations in the U.S. and other countries.
 Patents in which we hold ownership interests generally relate to the manufacture of photomasks or the use of photomasks to manufacture other products. While we believe that our IP rights are, and will continue to be, important to our technical
 leadership in the field of photomasks, our operations are not dependent on any one individual IP right. In addition to patenting, when practicable, we further protect our IP rights, and our other proprietary processes, by utilizing non-disclosure
 agreements with employees, customers, and vendors.

Seasonality

Our business is typically impacted during the first quarter of our fiscal year by the North American, European, and Asian holiday periods, as some customers reduce their development and buying activities during those
 periods.

Government Contracts

We are party to a limited number of fixed-price contracts with the U.S. government. Revenues earned from these contracts do not comprise a significant portion of our total revenue.

Government Regulation

We are subject to government regulations within the U.S. and in other countries in which we produce or market our products. The effects
 of compliance with these regulations are currently not material to our results of operations, capital expenditures, or competitive position. However , compliance
 with changes to existing or new regulations may have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations, capital expenditures, or competitive position. We discuss the potential impact of our not adhering to a number of these
 regulations in Item 1A. Risk Factors , of this Form 10-K. The following is a list of major subjects of the regulations that pertain to our business:

8 

Table of Contents 

Regulations, such as those under the Foreign Corrupt practices Act that prohibit providing remuneration to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or securing business in the jurisdictions in which they serve;

Regulations that require the minimization and proper disposal of
 the by-products of our manufacturing processes;

Regulations that require us to provide a safe working environment for our employees;

Regulations that restrict our ability to transfer assets between operations not within the same legal jurisdiction;

Regulations that require us to provide information through the submission of government surveys;

Regulations that require us to maintain an effective system of internal accounting controls;

Regulations that prohibit us from engaging in business in specified countries, or with specified customers;

Regulations that require us to protect the personal information of our customers and employees;

Regulations that require us to accurately determine our liabilities to taxing authorities, and to settle such liabilities within their statutorily prescribed time periods;

Regulations that require us to withhold and timely remit taxes on our employees compensation to government authorities;

Regulations that require us to contribute to government-sponsored social insurance plans;

Regulations that require us to contribute to employee severance plans;

Regulations that prohibit us from disseminating material nonpublic information prior to the public announcement of such information;

Regulations pertaining to financial reporting, insider transactions, executive compensation, and other areas overseen by the SEC and governing bodies in other countries in which our operations are located;

Human Capital

As of October 31, 2021, we had approximately 1,728 full-time and part-time employees worldwide. Our business results depend in part on our ability to successfully manage our human capital resources, including
 attracting, identifying, and retaining key talent. Factors that may affect our ability to attract and retain qualified employees include employee morale, our reputation, competition from other employers, and availability of qualified individuals.
 As of October 31, 2021, none of our employees at any of our worldwide facilities was represented by a union. We consider our employee relations to be good. We believe our commitment to our human capital resources is an important component of our
 mission to deliver superior photomasks and customer care. We provide all employees with the opportunity to share their opinions in open dialogues with our human resources department and senior management. We provide all employees a wide range of
 professional development experiences, both formal and informal. Our formal offerings include tuition reimbursement, leadership development experiences and vocational training. The safety of our employees is a paramount value for us.

We provide mandatory safety trainings in our production facilities, which are designed to focus on empowering our employees with the
 knowledge and tools they need to make safe choices and to minimize risks. Supervisors complete safety management courses as well. In response to COVID-19, we
 implemented significant changes that we determined were in the best interest of our employees and which comply with government orders in all the states and countries where we operate. In an effort to keep our employees safe and to maintain
 operations during COVID-19, we have implemented a number of new health-related measures including the requirement to wear company provided facemasks at all times
 while on company property, temperature taking protocols, increased hygiene, cleaning and sanitizing procedures at all locations, social-distancing, restrictions on visitors to our facilities, and limiting in-person meetings and other gatherings.
 Additionally, we are following government policies and recommendations designed to slow the spread of COVID-19, and for US employees we required vaccinations against COVID-19. However, we are monitoring the actions of federal courts regarding
 mandated vaccinations. Further, the health and wellness of our employees are critical to our success.

9 

Table of Contents 

We provide our employees with access to a variety of innovative, flexible and convenient health and wellness programs. Such programs are designed to support employees' physical and mental health by providing tools and
 resources to help them improve or maintain their health status and encourage engagement in healthy behaviors. Additionally, we provide robust compensation and benefits. In addition to salaries, these programs, which vary by country/region, can
 include annual bonuses, stock-based compensation awards, a 401(k) plan with employee matching opportunities, healthcare and insurance benefits, health savings and flexible spending accounts, paid time off, family leave, family care resources,
 employee assistance programs, and tuition assistance.

ITEM 1A.

RISK FACTORS

Set forth below are discussions of the risk factors we believe can make an investment in our business speculative or risky.

Concentration Related Risk Factors 

Our dependency on the microelectronics industry, which as a whole is volatile, could create volatility in our demand and have a negative material impact on our business.

We sell substantially all of our photomasks to semiconductor or FPD designers, manufacturers and foundries, as well as to other high-performance electronics manufacturers. We believe that the
 demand for photomasks depends primarily on design activity rather than sales volume from products using photomask technologies. Consequently, an increase in semiconductor or FPD sales does not necessarily result in a corresponding increase in
 photomask sales. In addition, the reduced use of customized ICs, a reduction in design complexity, other changes in the technology or methods of manufacturing or designing semiconductors or FPDs, or a slowdown in the introduction of new
 semiconductor or FPD designs could reduce demand for photomasks even if the demand for semiconductors and FPDs increases. Historically, the microelectronics industry has been volatile, with sharp periodic downturns and slowdowns. These negative
 trends have been characterized by, among other things, diminished product demand, excess production capacity, and accelerated erosion of selling prices with a concomitant effect on revenue and profitability.

We depend on a limited number of suppliers for equipment and raw materials and, if those suppliers fail to timely deliver their products to us, we may be unable to fulfill orders from our
 customers, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations.

We rely on a limited number of photomask equipment manufacturers to develop, supply, and repair the equipment we use. These equipment manufacturers usually require lead times of twelve months or
 longer between the order date and the delivery of certain photomask imaging and inspection equipment. The failure of our suppliers to develop or deliver such equipment on a timely basis could have a material adverse effect on our business and
 results of operations. In addition, the manufacturing equipment necessary to produce advanced photomasks could become prohibitively expensive, which could similarly affect us.

We use high-precision quartz photomask blanks, pellicles, and electronic grade chemicals in our manufacturing processes. There are a limited number of suppliers of these raw materials, and we do
 not have long-term contracts with these suppliers. Any delays or quality problems in connection with significant raw materials, particularly photomask blanks, could cause delays in the shipments of photomasks, which could have a material adverse
 effect on our business and results of operations. The fluctuation of foreign currency exchange rates, with respect to prices of equipment and raw materials used in manufacturing, could also have a material adverse effect on our business and results
 of operations.

10 

Table of Contents 

We have been dependent on sales to a limited number of large customers; the loss of any of these customers or a significant reduction in orders from these customers could have a material adverse
 effect on our revenues and results of operations.

Historically, we have sold a significant proportion of photomasks to a limited number of IC and FPD manufacturers. During 2021, 2020 and 2019, our
 two largest customers accounted for 29 , 29 and 31 , respectively, of our revenue. Our five largest customers accounted for 43 , 45 and 46 of our revenue in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively . The loss of a significant customer, a significant reduction or delay in orders from any significant customer (including reductions or delays due to customer departures from recent buying patterns), or an
 unfavorable change in competitive conditions in the semiconductor or FPD industries could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance and business prospects. The consolidation of semiconductor manufacturers, or an economic
 downturn in the semiconductor industry, may increase the likelihood of losing a significant customer and could also have an adverse effect on our financial performance and business prospects. 

Financing Related Risk Factors 

Our cash flows from operations and current holdings of cash may not be adequate for our current and long-term needs.

Our liquidity, as we operate in a high fixed-cost environment, is highly dependent on our revenue volume and the timing of our capital expenditures, which can vary significantly from period to
 period. Depending on conditions in the semiconductor and FPD markets, our cash flows from operations and current holdings of cash may not be adequate to meet our current and long-term needs for capital expenditures, operations, and debt repayments.
 Historically, in certain years, we have used external financing to fund these needs. Due to conditions in the credit markets and covenant restrictions on our existing debt, some financing instruments used by us in the past may not be available.
 Therefore, we cannot provide assurance that additional sources of financing would be available to us on commercially favorable terms, if at all, should our cash requirements exceed our existing cash, operating cash flows, and cash available under
 our credit agreements.

Our credit facility restricts our business activities, limits our ability to obtain additional financing or pay cash dividends, and may obligate us to repay debt before its maturity.

Financial covenants related to our credit facility, which expires in September 2023, include a total leverage ratio, a minimum interest
 coverage ratio, and minimum unrestricted cash balances. Our credit facility may also limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and industry, which may place us at a disadvantage with our competitors. We are
 also subject to covenants that limit our financing flexibility, such as a limit on the amount we can spend to repurchase shares of our common stock. Existing covenant restrictions, and noncompliance with covenants or cross-default provisions
 could limit our ability to draw down on current facilities or our ability to obtain additional debt financing, and limit the amounts of dividends, distributions,
 and redemptions we can pay on our common stock to an annual amount of 50 million. Should we be unable to meet one or more of these covenants, our lenders may require us to repay any outstanding balance prior to the expiration date of our
 agreements. Our ability to comply with the financial and other covenants in our credit agreements may be affected by deteriorating economic or business conditions, or other events. We cannot assure that, under such circumstances, additional
 sources of financing would be available to fund operating requirements or repay any long-term borrowings, to avoid default.

Our operations will continue to require substantial capital expenditures, for which we may be unable to provide or obtain funding.

The manufacture of leading-edge photomasks requires us to make substantial investments in high-end manufacturing
 capability. We expect that we will be required to continue to make substantial capital expenditures to meet the technological demands of our customers and to position us for future growth. Our capital expenditure payments for fiscal 2022 are
 expected to be approximately 100 million, of which approximately 9.7 million was included in Accounts payable and Accrued liabilities on our October 31, 2021 , consolidated balance sheet. We
 cannot provide assurance that we will be able to obtain the additional capital required to fund our operations or capital expenditures on reasonable terms, if at all, or that any such inability will not have a material adverse effect on our
 business and results of operations.

11 

Table of Contents 

Servicing our debt requires a significant amount of cash, and we may not generate sufficient cash flows from our operations to pay our indebtedness.

Our ability to make scheduled payments of debt principal and interest, or to refinance our indebtedness, depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive, and other factors beyond
 our control. Our business may not continue to generate sufficient cash flows from operations to fund operations, service our debt and make necessary capital expenditures. If we are unable to generate such cash flows, we may be required to adopt one
 or more alternatives, such as selling assets, restructuring debt, or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness would depend upon the conditions in the capital
 markets and our financial condition at such time. We may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, which could result in a default on our debt obligations.

Industry and Competitive Related Risk Factors 

Our business depends on managerial and technical personnel, who are in great demand, and our inability to attract and retain qualified employees could adversely affect our business and results of
 operations.

Our success depends, in part, upon key managerial and technical personnel, as well as our ability to continue to attract and retain additional qualified personnel. The loss of certain key personnel
 (for example, our chief executive officer and chief technology officer) could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We cannot offer assurance that we can retain our key managerial and technical employees, or that
 we can attract similar additional employees in the future.

The photomask industry is dependent on the semiconductor and display industries, which are subject to rapid technological change and fluctuations in capacity needs. Consequently, we might fail to
 adequately time our capabilities to market needs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

The photomask industry has been, and we expect it to continue to be, characterized by technological change and evolving industry requirements, which
 recent supply chain regionalization efforts have accelerated. In order to remain competitive, we will be required to continually anticipate, respond to, and scale technologies of increasing complexity in
 both traditional and emerging markets that we serve. In particular, we believe that, as semiconductor geometries continue to become smaller and FPDs become larger or otherwise more advanced, we will be required to manufacture increasingly
 challenging photomasks. Moreover, the demand for photomasks in non-leading-edge nodes may increase beyond our ability to meet our customers requirements within adequate response times. Additionally, the demand for photomasks has been, and could
 in the future be, adversely affected by changes in semiconductor and high-performance electronics fabrication methods that affect the type or quantity of photomasks utilized, such as changes in semiconductor demand that favor field-programmable
 gate arrays and other semiconductor designs that replace application-specific ICs. Furthermore, evidence of the viability and the corresponding market acceptance of alternative methods of transferring IC designs
 onto semiconductor wafers could reduce or eliminate the need for photomasks in the production of semiconductors. As of the end of 2021, one alternative method, direct-write lithography, has not been proven to be a commercially viable
 alternative to photomasks, as it is considered to be too slow for high-volume semiconductor wafer production. However, should direct-write or any other alternative method of transferring IC or FPD designs without the use of photomasks achieve
 market acceptance, and if we are unable to anticipate, respond to, or utilize these or other technological changes, due to resource, technological, or other constraints, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely
 affected. 

The risk of loss of our intellectual property, trade secrets or other sensitive business or customer confidential information or disruption of operations due to cyberattacks or
 data breaches could negatively impact our financial results.

Cyberattacks or data breaches could compromise confidential, business-critical information, cause disruptions in our operations, expose us to potential litigation, or harm our reputation. We have
 important assets, including intellectual property, trade secrets, and other sensitive, business-critical and/or confidential information which may be vulnerable to such incidents. While we have a comprehensive cybersecurity program that is
 continually reviewed, maintained, and upgraded, we cannot assure that we are invulnerable to cyberattacks and data breaches which, if significant, could negatively impact our business and financial results.

12 

Table of Contents 

We may be unable to enforce or defend our ownership and use of proprietary technology, and the utilization of unprotected company developed technology by our competitors could adversely affect our
 business, results of operations, and financial position.

We believe that the success of our business depends more on proprietary technology, information and processes, and know-how than on our patents or trademarks. Much of our proprietary information
 and technology related to manufacturing processes is not patented and may not be patentable. We cannot offer assurance that:

we will be able to adequately protect our technology;

competitors will not independently develop similar technology;

international intellectual property laws will adequately protect our intellectual property rights.

We may become the subject of infringement claims or legal proceedings by third parties with respect to current or future products or processes. Any such claims, with or without merit, or litigation
 to enforce or protect our intellectual property rights that require us to defend against claimed infringements of the rights of others, could result in substantial costs, diversion of resources, and product shipment delays or could force us to
 enter into royalty or license agreements, rather than dispute the merits of these claims. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial position.

We operate in a highly competitive environment, and, should we be unable to meet our customers requirements for product quality, timeliness of delivery or technical capabilities, our revenue could
 be adversely affected.

The photomask industry is highly
 competitive, and most of our customers utilize more than one photomask supplier. Our competitors include Compugraphics International, Ltd., Dai Nippon Printing Co., Ltd (outside of Taiwan and China), Hoya Corporation, LG Innotek Co.,
 Ltd., Shenzhen New Way Photomask Making Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Qingyi Photomask, Ltd., SK-Electronics Co. Ltd., Taiwan Mask Corporation, and Toppan Electronics Products Co., Ltd. We also compete with semiconductor and FPD manufacturers' captive photomask manufacturing operations, some of which market their photomask manufacturing services to outside customers. We expect to face continued
 competition from these and other suppliers in the future. Some of our competitors have substantially greater financial, sales, marketing, or other resources than we do. Also, when producing smaller geometry photomasks, some of our competitors
 may be able to more rapidly develop and produce such masks and achieve higher manufacturing yields than we can. We believe that consistency of product quality, timeliness of delivery, competitive pricing, technical capability and service are
 the principal factors considered by customers when selecting their photomask suppliers. Our inability to meet these competitive requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In the past,
 competition has led to pressure to reduce prices and the need to invest in advanced manufacturing technology, which we believe contributed to the decrease in the number of independent photomask suppliers. These pressures may continue in the
 future. 

Investment Related Risk Factors 

Joint ventures may not operate according to their business plans if our partners fail to fulfill their obligations, which may adversely affect our results of operations and compel us to dedicate
 additional resources to these joint ventures.

The nature of a joint venture requires us to share control in certain areas with unaffiliated third parties. If our
 joint venture partner does not fulfill its obligations, the affected joint venture may not be able to operate in accordance with its business plan. Under such a scenario, our results of operations may be adversely affected , and we may be compelled to increase the level of our resources devoted to the joint venture. Also, differing views among joint venture participants may result in delayed decisions,
 or failures to agree on major issues. If such differences caused a joint venture to deviate from its business plan, our results of operations could be adversely affected.

13 

Table of Contents 

Our expansion into China entails substantial risks.

In 2019, we commenced operations at our two newly constructed manufacturing facilities in China. These investments are subject to substantial risks which may include, but are not limited to: the
 inability to protect our intellectual property rights under Chinese law, which may not offer as high a level of protection as U.S. law; unexpectedly long negotiation periods with Chinese suppliers and customers; quality issues related to materials
 sourced from local vendors; limited access to electricity; unexpectedly high labor costs due to a tight labor supply; and difficulty in repatriating funds and selling or transferring assets. Our investments in China also exposed us to a significant
 additional foreign currency exchange risk, which we had not been subject to in prior years. In addition, as tensions have, from time to time, escalated between the U.S. and China, we believe there is an enhanced risk that our substantial
 investments in China may be subject to unforeseen restrictions, which may include expropriation of the investments by the Chinese government. These and other risks may result in our not realizing a return on, or losing some, or all, of our
 investments in China, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and financial performance.

We may incur unforeseen charges related to possible future facility closures or restructurings.

We cannot provide assurance that there will not be facility closures or restructurings in the near or long term, nor can we assure that we will not incur significant charges should there be any
 future facility closures or restructurings.

We may not be able to consummate future acquisitions or joint ventures or integrate acquisitions into our business, which could result in unanticipated expenses and losses.

As part of our business growth strategy, we have acquired businesses and entered into joint ventures in the past, and we may pursue acquisitions and joint venture opportunities in the future. Our
 future efforts to grow the Company may include expanding into new or related markets or industries. Our ability to implement this component of our growth strategy may be limited by both our ability to identify appropriate acquisition or joint
 venture candidates and our financial resources, including our available cash and borrowing capacity. The expense incurred in consummating acquisitions or entering into joint ventures, the time it takes to integrate an acquisition, or our failure to
 integrate businesses successfully, could result in unanticipated expenses and losses. Furthermore, we may not be able to realize any of the anticipated benefits from acquisitions or joint ventures.

The process of integrating acquired operations into our existing operations may result in unforeseen operating difficulties, and may require significant financial resources that would otherwise be
 available for the ongoing development or expansion of existing operations. Some of the risks associated with the integration of acquisitions include: potential disruption of our ongoing business; distraction of management; unforeseen claims and
 liabilities, including unexpected environmental exposures; unforeseen adjustments, taxes, charges and write-offs; problems enforcing the indemnification obligations of sellers of businesses or joint venture partners for claims and liabilities;
 unexpected losses of customers of, or suppliers to, the acquired business; difficulty in conforming the acquired business standards, processes, procedures and controls with our operations; variability in financial performance arising from the
 implementation of acquisition accounting; inability to coordinate new product and process development; loss of senior managers and other critical personnel; problems with new labor unions; and challenges arising from the increased scope, geographic
 diversity, and complexity of our operations.

Operations Related Risk Factors 

Our quarterly operating results fluctuate significantly and may continue to do so in the future.

We have experienced fluctuations in our quarterly operating results, and we anticipate that such fluctuations will continue and could intensify in the future. Fluctuations in operating results may
 result in volatility in the prices of our common stock and financial instruments linked to its value. Operating results may fluctuate as a result of many factors, including the size and timing of orders and shipments, the loss of significant
 customers, changes in product mix, the flow of customer design releases, technological change, fluctuations in manufacturing yields, the actions of our competitors, and general economic conditions. We operate in a high fixed-cost environment and,
 should our revenues and asset utilization decrease, our operating margins could be negatively impacted.

14 

Table of Contents 

Our customers generally order photomasks on an as-needed basis; thus , our revenue in any quarter is dependent primarily on orders received during that quarter. Since we operate with little backlog, and the rate of new orders may vary significantly from quarter to quarter, our
 capital expenditures and consequential expense levels are, to some extent, based primarily on sales forecasts and technological advancements in photomask manufacturing equipment. Consequently, if anticipated revenues in any quarter do not occur
 when expected, our capital investments could result in underutilized capacity and disproportionately high expense levels, causing operating results to be adversely affected. Due to the foregoing factors, we believe that quarter to quarter
 comparisons of our operating results cannot be relied upon as indicators of future performance. In addition, in future quarters, our operating results could be below guidance we may provide or the expectations of public market analysts and
 investors, which could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock.

Our substantial non-U.S. operations are subject to additional risks.

Revenues from our non-U.S. operations were approximately 84 , 83 and 81 of our total revenues in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. We believe that maintaining significant international operations requires us to have, among other things, a local presence in the geographic markets that we supply. This requires significant investments in financial,
 managerial, operational, and other resources. Since 1996, we have significantly expanded our operations in international markets by acquiring existing businesses in Europe and Asia, and building manufacturing facilities in Taiwan and China. I n
 order to enable us to optimize our investments and other resources, we closely monitor the semiconductor and FPD manufacturing markets for indications of geographic movement and, in conjunction with these efforts, continue to assess the locations
 of our manufacturing facilities. These assessments may result in the opening or closing of facilities.

Operations outside of the United States are subject to inherent risks, including: fluctuations in currency exchange rates; unstable political and economic conditions in various countries; changes
 in economic alliances; unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; compliance with a variety of burdensome foreign laws and regulations; compliance with anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws (such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act); tariffs
 and other trade barriers; difficulties in staffing and managing international operations; and longer accounts receivable collection cycles. In addition: foreign countries may enact other restrictions on foreign trade or investment, including:
 currency exchange controls; trade sanctions which result in our losing access to customers and suppliers; legislation which renders agreements to be difficult to enforce; impositions on the movement of funds or other assets; or we may be subject to
 adverse tax consequences. These factors may have a material adverse effect on our costs or our ability to generate revenues outside of the United States and, consequently, on our business and results of operations.

We could be subject to damages based on claims brought against us by our customers, or lose customers as a result of the failure of our products to meet certain quality specifications.

Our products provide important performance attributes to our customers products. If a product fails to perform in a
 manner consistent with quality specifications, or has a shorter useful life than warrantied, a customer could seek replacement of the product or damages for costs incurred as a result of the product failing to perform, particularly if such
 products are sold under agreements that contain limited performance and life cycle warranties. Our customers often require us to guarantee that our products conform to certain product specifications that they provide. Any failure to comply with
 such specifications could result in claims or legal action. A successful claim, or series of claims, against us could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and could result in a loss of one or more
 customers.

We face risks associated with the use of sophisticated equipment and complex manufacturing processes and technologies. Our inability to effectively
 utilize such equipment and technologies and perform such processes could have a material adverse effect on our business and
 results of operations. 

Our complex manufacturing processes require the use of expensive and technologically sophisticated equipment and materials, and are continually modified in an effort to improve manufacturing yields
 and product quality. Minute impurities, defects, or other difficulties in the manufacturing process can lower manufacturing yields and render products unmarketable. Moreover, the manufacture of leading-edge photomasks is more complex and time
 consuming than manufacturing less advanced photomasks, and their fabrication may result in delays in the manufacture of all levels of photomasks. We have, on occasion, experienced manufacturing difficulties and capacity limitations that have
 delayed our ability to deliver products within the time frames contracted for by our customers. We cannot provide assurance that we will not experience these or other manufacturing difficulties, or be subject to increased costs, which could result
 in a loss of customers or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

15 

Table of Contents 

We have a high level of fixed costs.

Because of the capital-intensive
 nature of the photomask manufacturing business, we have a high level of fixed costs and a high degree of operating leverage. Accordingly, should our sales volumes decline as a result of a decrease in design releases from our customers or for any
 other reason, we may have excess or underutilized production capacity which could significantly impact our operating margins or result in write-offs from asset impairments.

Regulatory Related Risk Factors 

COVID-19 vaccination mandates could adversely affect our ability to attract and maintain employees.

In response to COVID-19, we implemented significant changes that we determined were in the best interest of our employees and which
 comply with government orders in all the states and countries where we operate. In an effort to keep our employees safe and to maintain operations during COVID-19, we have implemented a number of new health-related measures including the
 requirement to wear company provided facemasks at all times while on company property, temperature taking protocols, increased hygiene, cleaning and sanitizing
 procedures at all locations, social-distancing, restrictions on visitors to our facilities, and limiting in-person meetings and other gatherings. Additionally, we are following government policies and recommendations designed to slow the spread
 of COVID-19 and for US employees we required vaccinations against COVID-19. We may not be able to attract or retain employees as a result of this mandate, and though we believe these actions are appropriate and prudent to safeguard our employees,
 contractors, suppliers and customers while allowing us to safely continue operations, we cannot predict how the steps we, our team members, government entities, suppliers or customers take in response to COVID-19 will ultimately impact our
 business, outlook, or results of operations.

Additional taxes could adversely affect our financial results.

Our tax filings are subject to audits by tax authorities in the various jurisdictions in which we do business. These audits may result in assessments of additional taxes that are subsequently
 resolved with the taxing authorities or through the courts. Currently, we believe there are no outstanding assessments whose resolution would result in a material adverse financial result. However, we cannot offer assurances that unasserted or
 potential future assessments would not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.

Our products and technology could be subject to and negatively impacted by the recent expansion of the foreign-produced direct product rule.

In May 2019, the U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau of Industry and Security BIS amended export administration regulations by adding Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. Huawei and certain affiliates to the
 Entity List for actions contrary to the national security and foreign policy interests of the United States, imposing significant new restrictions on export, re-export and transfer of U.S. regulated technologies and products to Huawei. On August
 17, 2020, BIS issued a final rule adding additional Huawei non-U.S. affiliates to the Entity List, confirming the expiration of a temporary general license applicable to Huawei, and amended the foreign-produced direct product rule in a manner that
 represents a significant expansion of its application to Huawei.

Expansion of the foreign-produced direct product rule and additional companies being added to the entity list may adversely affect our business in various ways, including by: increasing the cost of regulatory
 compliance for the export of our products, equipment, services, and technology from the United States and abroad; increasing the time necessary to obtain required authorizations; increasing the risk of monetary fines and other penalties for
 non-compliance, and negatively impacting our customers who may no longer be able to supply their customers and thereby reducing demand for their or our products. Any of these effects could result in lost revenue, additional product costs, increased
 lead times and deployment delays that could harm our business and customer relationships.

16 

Table of Contents 

Our products and technology could be subject to U.S. export control laws and the export control laws of the foreign jurisdictions where we operate.

We are subject to various laws relating to the export of products we manufacture, and the technology related thereto, and our failure to comply with these laws could subject us to substantial
 fines, penalties, and even injunctions, the imposition of which could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business.

We are subject to the export control laws of the United States and the export control laws of the foreign jurisdictions where we operate. On April 28, 2020, the U.S. administration significantly
 expanded the reach of U.S. export controls over certain products and certain countries. The U.S. Department of Commerce has, among other things: expanded license requirements to China, Russia and Venezuela; broadened the list of products covered by
 these expanded license requirements; expanded the definition of military end use created a new reason for control created a new review policy for certain items to certain countries; added substantial electronic export information filing
 requirements; eliminated the license exception for civil end use for certain countries, including China, Russia and Venezuela; and proposed to remove those same countries from the list of those eligible for additional re-exports license exceptions.
 The final rules relating to most of these changes were effective June 29, 2020. Application of these laws may adversely affect our business in various ways, including by regulating the export of our products, equipment, services, and technology
 from the United States and abroad, increasing the time necessary to obtain required authorizations, and the possibility of monetary fines and other penalties for non-compliance.

We may be unprepared for changes to environmental laws and regulations and may incur liabilities arising from environmental matters.

We are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations that impose various environmental controls on, among other things, the discharge of pollutants into the air and water and the handling,
 use, storage, disposal, and cleanup of solid and hazardous wastes. Changes in these laws and regulations may have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations, and inadequate compliance with their requirements could
 give rise to significant liabilities.

If we violate environmental, health or safety laws or regulations, in addition to being required to correct such violations, we can be held liable in administrative, civil, or criminal proceedings,
 and substantial fines and other sanctions could be imposed that could disrupt or limit our operations. Liabilities associated with the investigation and cleanup of hazardous substances, as well as personal injury, property damages or natural
 resource damages arising from the release of, or exposure to, such hazardous substances, may be imposed in many situations without regard to violations of laws or regulations or other fault, and may also be imposed jointly and severally (so that a
 responsible party may be held liable for more than its share of the losses involved, or even the entire loss). Such liabilities may also be imposed on many different entities with a relationship to the hazardous substances at issue, including, for
 example, entities that formerly owned or operated the property affected by the hazardous substances and entities that arranged for the disposal of the hazardous substances at the affected property, as well as entities that currently own or operate
 such property. The nature of our business, including historical operations at our current and former facilities, exposes us to risks of liability under these laws and regulations due to the production, storage, use, transportation and sale of
 materials that can cause contamination or personal injury if released into the environment. Additional information may arise in the future concerning the nature or extent of our liability with respect to identified sites and additional sites that
 may be identified, for which we are alleged to be liable.

General Risk Factors 

Ineffective internal controls could impact our business and operating results.

Our internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of their inherent limitations in detecting human errors, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud; even
 effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. If we: fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, including any failure to implement
 required new or improved controls; otherwise fail to prevent financial reporting misstatements; or experience difficulties in implementing internal controls, our business and operating results could be harmed, and we could fail to meet our
 financial reporting obligations.

17 

Table of Contents 

Our business could be adversely impacted by global or regional catastrophic events.

Our business could be adversely affected by terrorist acts, widespread outbreaks of infectious diseases (such as COVID-19), government responses such as shelter-in-place directives to limit the impact of infectious
 diseases, or the outbreak or escalation of wars, especially in the Asian markets in which we generate a significant portion of our sales and in Japan where we purchase raw materials and capital equipment. Such events in the geographic regions in
 which we do business, including escalations of political tensions and military conflicts within the Korean Peninsula, or between the People s Republic of China and the U.S. or the Republic of China (Taiwan), could have material adverse impacts on
 our revenue, cost and availability of raw materials, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition.

Our production facilities could be damaged or disrupted by natural disasters or labor strikes, either of which could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

A major catastrophe, such as an earthquake or other natural disaster, labor strike, or work stoppage at any of our manufacturing facilities, or a manufacturing facility of our suppliers or
 customers, could result in a prolonged interruption of our business. A disruption resulting from any one of these events could cause significant delays in shipments of our products and the loss of revenue and customers, which could have a material
 adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Our facilities in Taiwan are located in a seismically-active area.

Our sales can be impacted by the health and stability of the general economy, which could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows.

Unfavorable general economic conditions in the U.S. or other countries in which we or our customers conduct business may have the effect of reducing the demand for photomasks. Economic downturns
 may lead to a decrease in demand for end products whose manufacturing processes involve the use of photomasks, which may result in a reduction in new product design and development by semiconductor or FPD manufacturers, and adversely affect our
 results of operations and cash flows.

Technology failures or cyber security breaches could have a material adverse effect on our operations.

We rely on information technology systems to process, transmit, store, and protect electronic information. For example, a significant portion of the communications between our personnel, customers,
 and suppliers depends on information technology. Our information technology systems may be vulnerable to a variety of interruptions due to events beyond our control, including, but not limited to, natural disasters, terrorist attacks,
 telecommunications failures, computer viruses, hackers, and other security issues. Although we have technology and information security processes and disaster recovery plans in place to mitigate our risks to these vulnerabilities, these measures
 may not be adequate to ensure that our operations will not be disrupted, should such an event occur.

The General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), which went into effect in the European Union (EU) on May 25, 2018, applies to the
 collection, use, retention, security, processing, and transfer of personally identifiable information of residents of EU countries. The GDPR created a range of new compliance obligations and imposes significant fines and sanctions for violations.
 It is possible that the GDPR may be interpreted or applied in a manner that is adverse to, or unforeseen by us, including requirements that are inconsistent with our practices, or that we may otherwise fail to construe its requirements in ways
 that are satisfactory to the EU authorities. Upon leaving the E.U. on January 31, 2021, the U.K. enacted a new domestic data privacy law called the U.K. General Data Protection Regulation UK-GDPR ). Although somewhat less restrictive than
 the GDPR, the UK-GDPR is similar to the GDPR with respect to both an entity s 
 obligation to protect personal information and the imposition of significant fines for violations.

Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with the GDPR or the UK-GDPR, or with any applicable regulatory requirements or orders, including but not limited to privacy, data protection,
 information security, or consumer protection related privacy laws and regulations, in one or more jurisdictions within the EU, the U.K. or elsewhere, could: result in proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or individuals;
 subject us to significant fines, penalties, and/or judgments; require us to change our business practices; limit access to our products and services in certain countries, or otherwise adversely affect our business, as we would be at risk to lose
 both customers and revenue, and incur substantial costs.

18 

Table of Contents 

We may, in the future, incur net losses.

Although the Company has been profitable since fiscal 2010, it has, in the past, incurred net losses. We cannot provide assurance that the Company will not incur net losses in the future.

Market Related Risk Factors 

Changes in foreign currency exchange rates could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows.

Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and are reported in U.S. dollars. Our operations have transactions and balances denominated in currencies other than
 the U.S. dollar; primarily the South Korean won, New Taiwan dollar, Japanese yen, Chinese renminbi, euro, Singapore dollar, and the British pound sterling. In 2021, we recorded a net gain from changes in foreign currency exchange rates of 8.0
 million in our statement of income, while our net assets increased by 8.5 million as a result of the translation of foreign currency financial statements to U.S. dollars. Significant foreign currency fluctuations may adversely affect our results
 of operations, financial condition, or cash flows.

Our hedging activity could negatively impact our results of operations and cash flows.

We may enter into derivatives to manage our exposures to interest rate and currency movements. If we do not accurately forecast our results of operations, execute contracts that do not effectively mitigate our economic
 exposures to interest rates and currency rates, elect to not apply hedge accounting (when doing so would have mitigated our losses), or fail to comply with the complex accounting requirements for hedging transactions, our results of operations and
 cash flows could be volatile, as well as negatively impacted.

The market price of our common stock is subject to volatility and could fluctuate widely in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control.

Factors that may influence the price of our common stock include, but are not limited to, the following:

loss of any of our key customers or suppliers;

additions or departures of key personnel;

third party sales of common stock;

our ability to execute our business plan, including but not limited to, our expansion into China;

announcements and consummations of business acquisitions;

operating results that fall below or exceed expectations;

announcements of forecasted earnings or material transactions;

issuances or repurchases of our common stock;

intellectual property disputes;

industry developments;

news or disclosures by competitors or customers;

business combinations, divestitures, or bankruptcies by customers, suppliers, or competitors;

19 

Table of Contents 

economic and other external factors including (but not limited to) recessions, natural disasters, military actions, political instability, or social unrest; and

period to period fluctuations in our financial results.

In addition, securities markets have from time - to - time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may
 also materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Such fluctuations may be the result of imbalances between buy and sell offers, or low trading volume which can magnify the effects of a small number of transactions on the
 price of a stock.

We operate in a global, competitive environment which gives rise to operating and market risk exposure.

We sell our products in a competitive, global environment, and compete worldwide for sales on the basis of product quality, price, technology, and customer service. Sales of
 our products are also subject to federal, state, local, and foreign taxes, laws and regulations, trade agreements, import and export controls, duties, and tariffs. The imposition of additional regulations or controls including export controls,
 duties, tariffs, or changes to bilateral and regional trade agreements, could negatively impact our results of operations.

ITEM 1B.

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

ITEM 2.

PROPERTIES

The following table presents certain information about the Company's photomask manufacturing facilities:

Location

Type of

 Interest

Allen, Texas

Owned

Boise, Idaho

Owned

Brookfield, Connecticut

Owned

Bridgend, Wales

Leased

Cheonan, Korea

Owned

Hefei, China

Owned (1)

Dresden, Germany

Leased

Hsinchu, Taiwan

Owned (1)

Hsinchu, Taiwan

Leased

Taichung, Taiwan

Owned (1)

Xiamen, China

Owned (1)

(1) We own our manufacturing facilities in Hefei, Taichung, Xiamen, and one of our manufacturing facilities in Hsinchu. However, we lease the related land at these sites. We believe our facilities are adequate to support our current and
 near-term requirements.

20 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 3.

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

Please refer to Note 14 in Part II, Item 8 of this report for information on legal proceedings involving the Company.

ITEM 4.

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.

PART II

ITEM 5.

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market ("NASDAQ") under the symbol PLAB. On December 9, 2021, the closing sale price of our common stock, per the NASDAQ Global Select Market, was 17.61. Based on
 available information, we have 253 registered shareholders.

To date, we have not paid any cash dividends on Photronics shares, and, for the foreseeable future, we anticipate that earnings will continue to be retained for use in our business. Further, our credit agreement limits
 the amount that can be paid as cash dividends on Photronics stock.

In September 2020, the Company s board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to 100 million of its common stock, pursuant to a repurchase plan under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Act. Share repurchases under
 the program commenced on September 16, 2020.

21 

Table of Contents 

All of the shares purchased under the program in 2020 were retired prior to the end of 2020, and all of the shares purchased under the program in 2021 were retired prior to the end of the fiscal year. The table below
 presents additional information on shares repurchased during the fourth quarter of 2021.

Total Number of

 Shares Purchased

 (in millions)

Average Price

 Paid

 Per share

Total Number of Shares

 Purchased as Part of

 Publicly Announced

 Program (in millions)

Dollar Value of

 Shares That May

 Yet Be Purchased

 (in millions)

August 2, 2021 August 29, 2021

0.67

13.31

0.67

37.8

August 30, 2021 September 26, 2021

0.02

13.51

0.02

37.6

September 27, 2021 October 31, 2021

0.25

13.42

0.25

34.3

Total

0.94

0.94

Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans

The information regarding our equity compensation required to be disclosed by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K is incorporated by reference from the Photronics, Inc. 2022 Definitive Proxy Statement in Item 12 of Part III
 of this report. The 2022 Definitive Proxy Statement will be filed within 120 days after our fiscal year ended October 31, 2021.

ITEM 6.

[RESERVED]

ITEM 7.

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Overview

We sell substantially all of our photomasks to semiconductor designers and manufacturers, and manufacturers of FPDs. Photomask technology is also being applied to the fabrication of other higher-performance electronic
 products such as photonics, micro-electronic mechanical systems, and certain nanotechnology applications. Our selling cycle is tightly interwoven with the development and release of new semiconductor and display designs and applications,
 particularly as they relate to the semiconductor industry's migration to more advanced product innovation, design methodologies, and fabrication processes. The demand for photomasks primarily depends on design activity rather than sales volumes
 from products manufactured using photomask technologies. Consequently, an increase in semiconductor or display sales does not necessarily result in a corresponding increase in photomask sales. However, the reduced use of customized ICs, reductions
 in design complexity, other changes in the technology or methods of manufacturing or designing semiconductors, or a slowdown in the introduction of new semiconductor or display designs could reduce demand for photomasks even if the demand for
 semiconductors and FPDs increases. Advances in semiconductor, display, and photomask design and production methods that shift the burden of achieving device performance away from lithography could also reduce the demand for photomasks.
 Historically, the microelectronic industry has been volatile, experiencing periodic downturns and slowdowns in design activity. These negative trends have been characterized by, among other things, diminished product demand, excess production
 capacity, and accelerated erosion of selling prices with a concomitant effect on revenue and profitability.

22 

Table of Contents 

We are typically required to fulfill customer orders within a short period of time, sometimes within twenty-four hours. This results in a minimal level of backlog orders, typically one to two weeks of backlog for IC
 photomasks and two to three weeks of backlog for FPD photomasks.

The global semiconductor and FPD industries are driven by end markets which have been closely tied to consumer-driven applications of high-performance devices, including, but not limited to, mobile display devices,
 mobile communications, and computing solutions. While we cannot predict the timing of the industry's transition to volume production of next-generation technology nodes, or the timing of up and down-cycles with precise accuracy, we believe that
 such transitions and cycles will continue into the future, beneficially and adversely affecting our business, financial condition, and operating results as they occur. We believe our ability to remain successful in these environments is dependent
 upon the achievement of our goals of being a service and technology leader and efficient solutions supplier, which we believe should enable us to continually reinvest in our global infrastructure.

We are focused on improving our competitiveness by advancing our technology and reducing costs and, in connection therewith, have invested and plan to continue to invest in manufacturing equipment to serve the high-end
 markets. As we face challenges that require us to make significant improvements in our competitiveness, we continue to evaluate further cost reduction initiatives.

State-of-the-art production for semiconductor masks is considered to be 28 nanometer and smaller for ICs and Generation 10.5+ and AMOLED and LTPS display-based process technologies for FPDs. However, 32 nanometer and
 above geometries for semiconductors and Generation 8 and below (excluding AMOLED and LTPS) process technologies for displays constitute the majority of designs currently being fabricated in volume. At these geometries, we can produce full lines of
 photomasks, and there is no significant technology employed by our competitors that is not available to us. We expect advanced-generation designs to continue to move to production throughout fiscal 2022, and we believe we are well positioned to
 service an increasing volume of this business as a result of our investments in manufacturing processes and technology in the regions where our customers are located.

The photomask industry has been, and is expected to continue to be characterized by technological change and evolving industry standards. In order to remain competitive, we will be required to continually anticipate,
 respond to, and utilize changing technologies. In particular, we believe that, as semiconductor geometries continue to become smaller, and display designs become larger or otherwise more advanced, we will be required to manufacture even more
 complex optically-enhanced reticles, including optical proximity correction and phase-shift photomasks. Additionally, demand for photomasks has been, and could, in the future be adversely affected by changes in high-performance electronics
 fabrication methods that affect the type or quantity of photomasks used, such as changes in semiconductor demand that favor field-programmable gate arrays and other semiconductor designs that replace application-specific ICs, or the use of certain
 chip-stacking methodologies that lessen the emphasis on conventional lithography technology. Furthermore, increased market acceptance of alternative methods of transferring circuit designs onto semiconductor wafers could reduce or eliminate the
 need for photomasks in the production of semiconductors. As of the end of 2021, one alternative method, direct-write lithography, has not been proven to be a commercially viable alternative to photomasks, as it is considered to be too slow for
 high-volume semiconductor wafer production, and we have not experienced a significant loss of revenue as a result of this or other alternative semiconductor design methodologies. However, should direct-write lithography or any other alternative
 method of transferring IC designs to semiconductor wafers without the use of photomasks achieve market acceptance, and we do not anticipate, respond to, or utilize these or other changing technologies due to resource, technological, or other
 constraints, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

Both our revenues and costs have been affected by the increased demand for high-end-technology photomasks that require more advanced manufacturing capabilities, but generally command higher ASPs. Our capital
 expenditure payments were 109.1 million, 70.8 million and 178.3 million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and the depreciation on these purchases has significantly contributed to our cost of goods sold. We intend to continue to make the
 required investments to support the technological demands of our customers that we believe will position the Company for future growth. In support of this effort, we expect capital expenditure payments to be approximately 100 million in fiscal
 year 2022.

23 

Table of Contents 

The manufacture of photomasks for use in fabricating ICs, FPDs, and other related products built using comparable photomask-based process technologies has been, and continues to be, capital intensive. Our employees and
 our integrated global manufacturing network represent a significant portion of our fixed operating cost base. Should our revenue decrease as a result of a decrease in design releases from our customers, we may have excess or underutilized
 production capacity, which could significantly impact our operating margins, or result in write-offs from asset impairments.

Recent Developments

In the second quarter of 2021, under an MLA which we entered into effective October 2020, we entered into a five-year 7.2 million finance lease for a high-end inspection tool. Monthly payments on the lease, which
 commenced in February 2021, are 0.1 million per month. Upon the payment of the fiftieth monthly payment and prior to payment of the fifty-first monthly payment, we may exercise an early buyout option to purchase the tool for 2.4 million. If we do
 not exercise the early buyout option, then at the end of the five-year lease term, the lease shall continue to renew on a month-to-month basis at the same rental terms; at our option, after the original term or any renewal periods, we may return
 the tool, elect to extend the lease, or purchase the tool at its fair market value. Since we are reasonably certain that we will exercise the early buyout option, our lease liability reflects such exercise and we have classified the lease as a
 finance lease. The interest rate implicit in the lease is 1.08 .

In the first quarter of 2021, under an MLA which we entered into effective July 2019, we entered into a five-year 35.5 million finance lease for a high-end lithography tool. Monthly payments on the lease, which
 commenced in January 2021, increased from 0.04 million after the first three months to 0.6 million for the following nine months, to be followed by forty-eight monthly payments of 0.5 million. As of the due date of the forty-eighth monthly
 payment, we may exercise an early buyout option to purchase the tool for 14.1 million. If we do not exercise the early buyout option, then at the end of the five-year lease term, at our option, we may return the tool, elect to extend the lease
 term for a period and a lease payment to be agreed with lessor at the time, or purchase the tool for its then-fair market value as determined by the lessor. Since we are reasonably certain that we will exercise the early buyout option, our lease
 liability reflects such exercise and we have classified the lease as a finance lease. The interest rate implicit in the lease is 1.58 . The lease agreement incorporates the covenants included in our Corporate Credit Agreement, which are detailed in
 Note 9 of Part II, Item 8 of this report, and includes a cross-default provision for any agreement or instrument with an outstanding, committed balance greater than 5.0 million in which we are the indebted party.

In the fourth quarter of 2020, we entered into a MLA with a financing entity for the lease of an inspection tool with a maximum value of 10 million. The tool was delivered during the fourth
 quarter of 2020, and the financing entity made a progress payment to the vendor of 6.5 million in the first quarter of 2021. The progress payment accrued interest at 1.56 payable monthly until the final payment for the tool was made in the second
 quarter of 2021, at which point the 7.2 million lease described above began.

In the fourth quarter of 2020, our Hefei, China, facility was approved to borrow 200 million RMB (approximately 31.3 million, at the balance sheet date) from the China Construction Bank Corporation. This credit
 facility is subject to annual reviews and extension, with the most recent extension allowing us to borrow additional funds set to expire in August 2022. The loan proceeds were used to fund purchases of two lithography tools at the Hefei facility.
 As of October 31, 2021, we had borrowed 135.7 million RMB 21.2 million) against this approval (all of which was then outstanding), and 64.3 million RMB 10.1 million) remained available to borrow. The interest rate on the loan is variable and
 based on the RMB Loan Prime Rate of the National Interbank Funding Center. The borrowings are secured by the Hefei facility, its related land use right, and certain manufacturing equipment. The Hefei Equipment Loan is subject to covenants and
 provisions, certain of which relate to the assets pledged as security for the loan, including covenants for the ratio of total liabilities to total assets and the ratio of current assets to current liabilities, all of which we were in compliance
 with at October 31, 2021.

24 

Table of Contents 

In the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company s board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to 100 million of its common stock, pursuant to a repurchase plan under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Act. Through
 October 31, 2021, we had repurchased 5.6 million shares at a cost of 65.7 million (an average price of 11.64 per share) under this authorization. All shares repurchased in 2020 were retired in 2020, and all shares repurchased in 2021 were retired
 in 2021.

In the first quarter of 2020, we acquired the remaining 0.2 of noncontrolling interests in Photronics Cheonan, Ltd. for 0.6 million.

In the first quarter of 2020, we adopted ASU 2016-02 and all subsequent amendments, collectively codified in Accounting Standards Codification Topic 842 - Leases Topic 842 ). This guidance requires modified
 retrospective adoption, either at the beginning of the earliest period presented or at the beginning of the period of adoption; we elected to apply the guidance at the beginning of the period of adoption, and recognized right-of-use leased assets
 of approximately 6.5 million, and corresponding lease liabilities, which were discounted at our incremental borrowing rates, on our November 1, 2019, consolidated balance sheet to reflect our adoption of the guidance. Our adoption of Topic 842 did
 not affect our cash flows or our ability to comply with covenants under our credit agreements.

In the fourth quarter of 2019, our board of directors declared a dividend of one preferred stock purchase right (a Right ), payable on or about October 1, 2019, for each share of common stock,
 par value 0.01 per share, of the Company outstanding on September 30, 2019, to the stockholders of record on that date. In connection with the distribution of the Rights, we entered into a Section 382 Rights Agreement (the Rights Agreement ),
 dated as of September 23, 2019, between the Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., a federally chartered trust company, as rights agent. The purpose of the Rights Agreement is to deter trading of our common stock that would result in a
 change in control (as defined in Internal Revenue Control Section 382), thereby preserving our future ability to use our historical federal net operating losses and other Tax Attributes (as defined in the Rights Agreement). Each Right entitles
 the registered holder to purchase from the Company one one-thousandth of a share of Series A Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share, at a price of 33.63, subject to adjustment. The Rights, which are described in the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed on September 24, 2019, are in all respects subject to and governed by the provisions of the Rights Agreement. The Rights will expire at the earliest to occur of (i) the date on which our board of directors determines, in its
 sole discretion, that the Rights Agreement is no longer necessary for the preservation of material valuable tax attributes, or the tax attributes have been fully utilized and may no longer be carried forward, and (ii) the close of business on
 September 22, 2022.

In the fourth quarter of 2019, upon our request, a financing entity made an advance payment of 3.5 million to an equipment vendor. We entered into an MLA with this financing entity, which became
 effective in July 2019. The MLA enabled us to request advance payments or other funds to finance equipment to be leased or purchased in the U.S. In connection with this MLA, we had been approved for financing of 35 million for the purchase of a
 high-end lithography tool. Interest on this borrowing was variable and payable monthly at thirty-day LIBOR plus 1 and was to continue to accrue until the borrowing was repaid or, as allowed under the MLA, we entered into a lease for the equipment.
 During the first quarter of 2021, this financing entity made an additional payment of 28 million to the equipment vendor on our behalf and we subsequently entered into the 35.5 million finance lease described above.

In the fourth quarter of 2019, the Company s board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to 100 million of its common stock, pursuant to a repurchase plan under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Act of 1933 (as
 amended). We repurchased 2.5 million shares at a cost of 27.9 million (an average price of 11.34 per share) under this authorization. The repurchase program was terminated on March 20, 2020.

In the second quarter of 2019, we repaid, upon maturity, the entire 57.5 million principal amount of the convertible senior notes we issued in April 2016.

25 

Table of Contents 

In the first quarter of 2019, PDMCX obtained approval to borrow 345.0 million RMB from the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China. From November 2018 through July 2020, PDMCX entered into separate loan agreements (the
 Project Loans for the entire approved amount and, as of October 31, 2021, 255.0 million RMB 39.9 million) remained outstanding. The Project Loans were used to finance certain capital expenditures at the PDMCX facility, and are collateralized
 by liens granted on the land use right, building, and certain equipment located at the facility. The interest rates on the Project Loans are variable (based on the RMB Loan Prime Rate of the National Interbank Funding Center), and interest incurred
 on the loans is eligible for reimbursement through incentives provided by the Xiamen Torch Hi-Tech Industrial Development Zone, which provide for such reimbursements up to a prescribed limit and duration. The Project Loans are subject to covenants
 and provisions, certain of which relate to the assets pledged as security for the loans, all of which we were in compliance with at October 31, 2021.

In the first quarter of 2019, PDMCX obtained approval for revolving, unsecured credit of the equivalent of 25.0 million, pursuant to which PDMCX may enter into separate loan agreements with varying terms to maturity.
 This facility is subject to annual reviews and extension. Unless extended, this facility will expire in October 2022. As of October 31, 2021, PDMCX had 78.0 million RMB 12.2 million) outstanding against the approval. The interest rates are
 variable, based on the RMB Loan Prime Rate of the National Interbank Funding Center. Interest incurred on the loans are eligible for reimbursement through incentives provided by the Xiamen Torch Hi-Tech Industrial Development Zone, which provide
 for such reimbursements up to a prescribed limit and duration.

26 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations

The following tables present selected operating information expressed as a percentage of revenue. The columns may not foot due to rounding.

Three Months Ended

October 31,

 2021

August 1,

 2021

October 31,

 2020

Revenue

100.0

100.0

100.0

Cost of goods sold

71.3

73.4

78.6

Gross profit

28.7

26.6

21.4

Selling, general and administrative expenses

7.9

8.8

8.6

Research and development expenses

2.3

3.1

2.8

Other operating income, net

-

2.1

-

Operating income

18.5

16.7

10.0

Non-operating income (expense), net

2.1

2.2

(1.9

Income before income tax provision

20.6

18.9

8.1

Income tax provision

4.8

4.6

2.3

Net income

15.8

14.3

5.8

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests

4.9

4.3

1.5

Net income attributable to Photronics, Inc. shareholders

10.9

10.0

4.3

Year Ended

October 31,

 2021

October 31,

 2020

October 31,

 2019

Revenue

100.0

100.0

100.0

Cost of goods sold

74.8

77.9

78.1

Gross profit

25.2

22.1

21.9

Selling, general and administrative expenses

8.7

8.8

9.5

Research and development expenses

2.8

2.8

2.9

Other operating income, net

0.5

-

-

Operating income

14.2

10.5

9.5

Non-operating income (expense), net

1.1

(0.4

(0.3

Income before income tax provision

15.4

10.1

9.2

Income tax provision

3.5

3.5

1.9

Net income

11.9

6.6

7.3

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests

3.5

1.1

1.9

Net income attributable to Photronics, Inc. shareholders

8.4

5.5

5.4

Note: All the following
 tabular comparisons, unless otherwise indicated, are for the three months ended October 31, 2021 (Q4 FY21), August 1, 2021 (Q3 FY21) and October 31, 2020 (Q4 FY20), and for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2021 (FY21) and October 31, 2020
 (FY20). Please refer to the MD A in our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K for comparative discussion of our fiscal years ended October 31, 2020 , and October
 31, 2019. Table columns may not foot due to rounding.

Revenue

Our quarterly revenues can be affected by the seasonal purchasing practices of our customers. As a result, demand for our products is typically reduced during the first quarter of our fiscal year
 by the North American, European, and Asian holiday periods, as some of our customers reduce their development and, consequently, their buying activities during those periods.

27 

Table of Contents 

At the beginning of 2020, we changed the threshold for the definition of high-end FPD, from G8 and above and AMOLED display screens, to G10.5 + , AMOLED, and LTPS display screens, to reflect the overall advancement of technology in the FPD industry. Our definition of high-end IC products remained as 28 nanometer or smaller. High-end photomasks typically have
 higher ASPs than mainstream products.

The following tables present changes in revenue disaggregated by product type and geographic origin, in Q4 FY21 and FY21 from revenue in prior reporting periods.

Quarterly Changes in Revenue by Product Type 

Q4 FY21 from Q3 FY21

Q4 FY21 from Q4 FY20

Revenue in

 Q4 FY21

Increase

 (Decrease)

Percent

 Change

Increase

 (Decrease)

Percent

 Change

IC 

High-end 

42.6

0.2

0.5

4.4

11.6

Mainstream

82.9

7.4

9.9

15.1

22.3

Total IC

125.4

7.7

6.5

19.5

18.4

FPD 

High-end 

41.0

0.3

0.8

9.7

30.9

Mainstream

14.9

2.6

21.5

2.8

23.2

Total FPD

55.8

3.0

5.6

12.5

28.8

Total Revenue

181.3

10.6

6.2

32.0

21.4

High-end photomasks typically have higher ASPs than mainstream products.

Quarterly Changes in Revenue by Geographic Origin 

Q4 FY21 from Q3 FY21

Q4 FY21 from Q4 FY20

Revenue in

 Q4 FY21

Increase

 (Decrease)

Percent

 Change

Increase

 (Decrease)

Percent

 Change

Taiwan

69.2

5.3

8.3

12.5

22.1

Korea

37.8

(1.8

(4.5

1.2

3.4

China

38.3

5.7

17.4

17.3

82.6

United States

26.6

1.9

7.6

(0.1

(0.4

Europe

9.0

(0.5

(4.9

1.0

13.0

Other

0.4

0.0

5.4

0.0

(4.6

Total revenue

181.3

10.6

6.2

32.0

21.4

This table disaggregates revenue by the location in which it was earned.

Revenue in Q4 FY21 of 181.3 million increased 6.2 compared with Q3 FY21 and 21.4 from Q4 FY20; on a year-to-date basis, revenue increased 8.9 in FY21, compared with FY20, to 663.8 million.

A 6.5 increase in IC revenue in Q4 FY21, compared with Q3 FY21, was primarily the result of strong demand for mainstream masks, particularly at the most advanced levels. Industry-wide capacity
 constraints led to improved pricing for both high-end and mainstream products that resulted in IC revenue increasing 18.4 in Q4 FY21, compared with Q4 FY20. Increased demand from logic customers and Asia-based foundries were the sources of the
 increase, while demand for memory masks remained stable.

28 

Table of Contents 

FPD revenue increased 5.6 in Q4 FY21, compared with Q3 FY21, and 28.8 in Q4 FY21, compared with Q4 FY20. The increase from Q3 FY21 was primarily the result of increased demand attributable to
 new design releases of mainstream photomasks for liquid crystal displays LCD ), as panel manufacturers began to shift to introducing new designs to maintain or increase market share. This trend, and an increase in demand for AMOLED photomasks
 for displays used in mobile applications, were the primary drivers of the increase from the prior year quarter.

Year-over-Year Changes in Revenue by Product Type 

FY21 from FY20

Revenue in FY21

Increase (Decrease)

Percent

 Change

IC 

High-end 

163.0

6.8

4.4

Mainstream

297.2

34.9

13.3

Total IC

460.2

41.8

10.0

FPD 

High-end 

155.7

16.1

11.5

Mainstream

47.9

(3.8

(7.4

Total FPD

203.6

12.3

6.4

Total Revenue

663.8

54.1

8.9

High-end photomasks typically have higher ASPs than mainstream photomasks.

Year-over-Year Changes in Revenue by Geographic Origin 

FY21 from FY20

Revenue in

 FY21

Increase

 (Decrease)

Percent

 Change

Taiwan

248.6

9.5

4.0

Korea

156.4

3.3

2.2

China

115.7

36.4

45.8

United States

105.0

0.1

0.1

Europe

36.2

4.7

15.0

Other

1.8

0.1

3.6

Total Revenue

663.8

54.1

8.9

This table disaggregates revenue by the location in which it was earned.

Revenue increased 8.9 in YTD FY21, compared with YTD FY20, to 663.8 million. IC revenue increased 10.0 , due to both
 improved pricing for mainstream photomasks, and improved pricing and increased demand for high-end masks at the largest node levels. We believe that the increased demand for high-end photomasks at the largest node levels may be indicative of a
 trend towards chipmakers differentiating their products through the design of application specific integrated circuits ASIC ), in lieu of migrating to smaller tech-node photomasks. FPD revenue increased 6.4 from YTD FY20, due to both
 increased demand and improved pricing for AMOLED photomasks and, to a lesser extent, LTPS photomasks. 

29 

Table of Contents 

Gross Margin

Percent Change

Q4 FY21

Q3 FY21

Q4 FY20

Q4 FY21 

 from Q3 

 FY21

Q4 FY21 

 from Q4 

 FY20

Gross profit

51.9

45.3

31.9

14.6

62.9

Gross margin

28.7

26.6

21.4

Gross margin increased by 2.1 percentage points in Q4 FY21, from Q3 FY21, primarily as a result of the increase in revenue from the prior quarter. Material costs increased 3.4 from the prior
 quarter, but decreased, as a percentage of revenue, by 80 basis points. Labor costs decreased 0.3 and fell 70 basis points, as a percentage of revenue. Equipment and other overhead costs increased 4.3 , but decreased 60 basis points as a
 percentage of revenue, with higher outsourced manufacturing costs, partially offset by decreased equipment maintenance costs, most significantly contributing to the net cost increase.

Gross margin increased by 7.3 percentage points in Q4 FY21, from Q4 FY20, primarily as a result of the increase in revenue from the prior year quarter. Material costs increased 14.7 from the
 prior year quarter, but decreased 160 basis points, as a percentage of revenue. Labor costs increased 10.9 from the prior year quarter, but fell 100 basis points as a percent of revenue, while equipment and other overhead costs rose 6.3 , but
 fell 460 basis points, as a percentage of revenue. Increased outsourced manufacturing costs and equipment service contract costs were the most significant contributors to the rise in equipment and other overhead costs.

FY21 

FY20

Percent Change 

 FY21 from FY20

Gross profit

167.0

134.7

24.1

Gross margin

25.2

22.1

Gross margin increased by 3.1 percentage points in YTD FY21, from YTD FY20, primarily as a result of the increase in revenue from the prior year period. Material costs increased 6.2 from the
 prior year period, but decreased 70 basis points as a percentage of revenue. Labor costs increased 10.7 from the prior year, but rose only 10 basis points when compared to revenue. Equipment and other overhead costs increased by 1.2 , but
 decreased 250 basis points as a percentage of revenue, with increased equipment service contract costs most significantly contributing to the overall cost increase.

As we operate in a high fixed cost environment, increases or decreases in our revenues and capacity utilization will generally positively or negatively impact our gross margin.

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

Selling, general and administrative expenses were 14.3 million in Q4 FY21, compared with 15.1 million in Q3 FY21, and 12.8 million in Q4 FY20. The decrease from Q3 FY21 was primarily the result of decreased professional fees of 0.3 million and compensation and related expenses of 0.2 million, and the increase from the prior year quarter was primarily the
 result of increased compensation and related expenses of 1.7 million and increased export duties (primarily incurred in Asia) of 0.2 million; these increases were partially offset by decreased professional fees of 0.9 million. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 3.9 million, or 7.4 , in YTD FY21, from YTD FY20, primarily due to an increase in compensation and related expenses of 3.9 million. 

30 

Table of Contents 

Research and Development Expenses

Research and development expenses, which primarily consist of development and qualification efforts related to high-end process
 technologies for high-end IC and FPD applications, were 4.1 million in Q4 FY21, compared with 5.3 million in Q3 FY21; the decrease was primarily caused by a decline in development activities in the U.S. Research and development expenses in
 Q4 FY21 were unchanged from Q4 FY20. On a year-to-date basis, research and development expenses increased 1.3 million, primarily due to increased development
 activities in the U.S. exceeding a decline in such activities at our China-based FPD facility.

Other Operating Income, Net

In the third quarter of 2021, we recorded a 3.5 million gain on the trade-in of a lithography tool with a tool vendor as partial compensation for a more advanced tool.

Non-Operating Income (Expense)

Q4 FY21

Q3 FY21

Q4 FY20

Foreign currency transactions impact, net

4.3

4.3

(2.2

Interest expense, net

(1.0

(1.1

(0.8

Interest income and other income, net

0.5

0.5

0.1

Total other income (expense)

3.8

3.7

(2.9

Non-operating income and expense was essentially unchanged in Q4 FY21 from Q3 FY21, primarily due to favorable movements of the RMB against the U.S. dollar offsetting unfavorable
 movements of the South Korean won against the U.S. dollar, and interest expense, net decreasing due to our reduced loan and finance lease balances. Non-operating income and expense changed favorably from a loss of 2.9 million in Q4 FY20 to
 income of 3.8 million in Q4 FY21. The 6.7 million favorable change was primarily due to favorable movements of the New Taiwan dollar and the South Korean won against the U.S. dollar, which were partially offset by unfavorable movements of the
 RMB against the U.S. dollar. 

FY21

FY20

Foreign currency transactions impact, net

8.0

(0.5

Interest expense, net

(1.7

(2.4

Interest income and other income, net

1.2

0.5

Total other income (expense)

7.5

(2.3

Non-operating income and expense increased 9.8 million in YTD FY21, compared with YTD FY20, primarily due to favorable movements of the South Korean won and the RMB against the
 U.S. dollar. Interest expense, net decreased year over year, due to a lower weighted-average interest rate on our debt, which offset a year over year increase in our average debt balance. 

Income Tax Provision

Q4 FY21

Q3 FY21

Q4 FY20

Income tax provision

8.7

7.8

3.5

Effective income tax rate

23.3

24.4

28.8

The effective income tax rates are sensitive to the jurisdictional mix of our earnings, due, in part, to the non-recognition of tax provisions and benefits on losses in jurisdictions with valuation allowances.

31 

Table of Contents 

The effective income tax rate decreased slightly in Q4 FY21, compared with Q3 FY21, primarily due to changes in the period-to-period
 mix of jurisdictional earnings. The effective income tax rate decrease in Q4 FY21, compared with Q4 FY20, is primarily due to the benefits of investment credits in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions in Q4 FY21, as well as changes in the jurisdictional mix of earnings.

FY21

FY20 

Income tax provision

23.2

21.3

Effective income tax rate

22.7

34.5

The decrease in the effective income tax rate on a full-year basis in FY21, compared with FY20, is primarily due to the establishment of a valuation allowance for a loss carryforward in a non-U.S. jurisdiction in
 YTD-FY20, as well as changes in the jurisdictional mix of earnings.

We consider all available evidence when evaluating the potential future realization of deferred tax assets, and when, based on the weight of all available evidence, we determine that it is more likely than not that
 some portion or all of our deferred tax assets will not be realized, we reduce our deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance. We also regularly assess the potential outcomes of ongoing and future tax examinations and, accordingly, have
 recorded accruals for such contingencies. Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits as of October 31, 2021 and October 31, 2020, are 3.8 million and 2.0 million respectively, recorded in Other
 liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rates.

Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests was 8.8 million in Q4 FY21, compared with 7.3 million in Q3 FY21, and 2.1 million in Q4 FY20. On a year-to-date basis, net income attributable to noncontrolling
 interests increased 16.8 million from 6.5 million in YTD FY20 to 23.4 million in YTD FY21. All of these increases resulted from improved net income at both our Taiwan-based and China-based IC facilities.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Cash and cash equivalents totaled 276.7 million and 278.7 million as of October 31, 2021 and October 31, 2020, respectively. As of the most recent balance sheet date, total cash and cash equivalents included 216.5
 million held by foreign subsidiaries. Our primary sources of liquidity are our cash on hand, cash we generate from operations, and borrowing capacity we have available from financial institutions. Our
 corporate credit agreement has a 50 million borrowing limit, with an expansion capacity to 100 million. Although we have not accessed funds under our corporate credit facility since 2011, it continues to afford us financial flexibility. In
 addition, in China, we currently have approximately 22.9 million of borrowing capacity to support local operations. Please refer to Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our current borrowing capacity.

We continually evaluate alternatives for efficiently funding our capital expenditures and ongoing operations. These reviews may result in our engagement in a variety of financing transactions, in the transfer of cash among subsidiaries, and/or the repatriation of cash to the U.S. The transfer of funds among subsidiaries could be subject to
 foreign withholding taxes; in certain jurisdictions, repatriation of these funds to the U.S. may subject them to U.S. state income taxes and/or local country withholding taxes. We believe that our liquidity,
 including available financing, is sufficient to meet our requirements through the next twelve months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. Through the utilization of our existing liquidity, cash we generate from operations, and
 (potentially) our borrowing capacity under our financing arrangements, we plan to continue to invest in our business, with our investments targeted to align with our customers technology road maps. In addition, we stand ready to invest in
 mergers, acquisitions, or strategic partnerships, should the right opportunity be available. 

We estimate capital expenditures for our fiscal year 2022 will be approximately 100 million; these investments will be targeted towards high-end and
 mainstream point tools that will increase our operating capacity and efficiency, and enable us to support our customers near-term demands. As of
 October 31, 2021, we had outstanding capital commitments of approximately 73.7 million and recognized liabilities related to capital equipment purchases of approximately 9.7 million. Although payment timing could vary, primarily as a result
 of the timing of tool installation and testing, we currently estimate that we will fund 61.4 million of our total 83.4 million committed and recognized obligations for capital expenditures over the next twelve months. Please refer to Notes
 9 and 14 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information on our lease liabilities and unrecognized commitments , respectively . 

32 

Table of Contents 

In September 2020, the Company s board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to 100 million of its common stock, pursuant to a repurchase plan under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Act. This authorization does not obligate the Company to repurchase any dollar amount or number of shares of common stock. As of October 31, 2021, there was approximately 34.3 million remaining under that authorization.
 Depending on market conditions, we may utilize some or the entire remaining approved amount to reacquire additional shares.

Cash Flows

Year Ended

October 31, 

 2021

October 31, 

 2020

October 31, 

 2019

Net cash provided by operating activities

150.8

143.0

68.4

Net cash used in investing activities

(103.5

(65.7

(151.4

Net cash used in financing activities

(53.9

(16.0

(42.1

Operating Activities : Net cash provided by operating activities reflects net
 income adjusted for certain non-cash items, including depreciation and amortization, share-based compensation, and the effects of changes in operating assets and liabilities. Net cash provided by operating activities increased by 7.7 million
 in 2021, compared with 2020, due to increased net income and share based compensation, partially offset by lower depreciation and other noncash adjustments and net changes in working capital, predominantly in Asia. 

Investing Activities : Net cash flows used in investing activities primarily
 consisted of purchases of property, plant and equipment. Purchases of property, plant and equipment were 109.1 million in 2021, compared with 70.8 million in 2020, as we increased our tool purchases in the current year, primarily in
 response to market demands in Asia. 

Financing Activities : Net cash flows used in financing activities primarily
 consist of share repurchases, proceeds from and repayments of debt, and contributions from and distributions to noncontrolling interests. Net cash used in financing activities increased by 37.9 million in 2021, compared with 2020, due to
 increased share repurchases of 13.9 million, an excess of the change in distributions to, as compared with contributions from, noncontrolling interests of 11.0 million, and increased debt repayments of 13.0 million. 

In January 2018, Photronics, through its wholly owned Singapore subsidiary, and DNP, through its wholly owned subsidiary DNP Asia Pacific PTE, Ltd. entered into a joint venture under which DNP
 obtained a 49.99 interest in our IC business in Xiamen, China. The joint venture, which we refer to as PDMCX, was established to develop and manufacture photomasks for leading edge and advanced generation semiconductors. Under the joint
 venture s operating agreement, DNP is afforded, under certain circumstances, the right to put its interest in PDMCX to Photronics. These circumstances include disputes regarding the strategic direction of PDMCX that may arise after the initial
 two-year term of the operating agreement that cannot be resolved between the two parties. As of the date of issuance of this report, DNP had not indicated its intention to exercise this right. In addition, both Photronics and DNP have the option
 to purchase, or put, their interest from, or to, the other party, should their ownership interest fall below 20 for a period of more than six consecutive months. Under all such circumstances, the sales of ownership interests would be at the
 exiting party s ownership percentage of the joint venture s net book value, with closing to take place within three business days of obtaining required approvals and clearance. Should DNP exercise an option to put their, or purchase our, interest
 in PDMCX we may, depending on the relationship of the fair and book value of PDMCX s net assets, incur a loss. As of October 31, 2021, Photronics and DNP each had net investments in PDMCX of approximately 64.0 million.

33 

Table of Contents 

Business Outlook

Our current business outlook and guidance was provided in our Full Year and Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2021 Results earnings call, and related slide deck. These can be
 accessed in the investor section of our website - www.photronics.com. 

Our future results of operations and the other forward-looking statements contained in this filing and in our Full Year and Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2021 Results earnings call and presentation involve a number of risks
 and uncertainties, some of which are discussed in Part I, Item 1A of this report. A number of other unforeseeable factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations.

Critical Accounting Estimates

Our consolidated financial statements are based on the selection and application of accounting policies, which require management to make significant estimates and assumptions. We believe the following to be the more
 critical areas that require judgment when applying our accounting policies:

Revenue Recognition : Application of GAAP related to the measurement and recognition of revenue requires us to
 make judgments and estimates. Specifically, t he determination of whether revenues related to our revenue contracts should be recognized over time or at a point in time, as these determinations impact
 the timing and amount of our reported revenues and net income. Other significant judgments include the estimation of the point in the manufacturing process at which we are entitled to receive
 payment, as well as the progress of the job order to completion in order to determine the amount of arrangement consideration earned for contractual revenue recognized over time. 

Property, Plant and Equipment : Significant judgment and assumptions are employed when we establish estimated useful lives, depreciation periods and
 when depreciation should begin on such assets as this evaluation can significantly impact our gross margin and research and development expenses. Significant judgement is also required when we periodically review property, plant and
 equipment for any potential impairment in carrying values, whenever events such as a significant industry downturn, plant closures, technological obsolescence, or other change in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may
 not be recoverable as the recoverability assessment requires us to forecast future cash flows related to these assets; this evaluation can significantly impact our gross margin and operating expense. 

Leases : Significant judgement is applied in the determination of whether an arrangement is, or contains, a lease and, in certain instances, whether the
 lease should be classified as an operating lease or a finance lease, which can impact the timing and classification of lease costs. 

Contingencies : We are subject to the possibility of losses from various contingencies. Significant judgment is necessary to estimate the probability
 and amount of a loss, if any, from such contingencies. An accrual is made when it is probable that a liability has been incurred or an asset has been impaired and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. In accounting for the
 resolution of contingencies, significant judgment may be necessary to estimate amounts pertaining to periods prior to the resolution that are charged to operations in the period of resolution and amounts related to future periods. 

Income Taxes : Our annual tax rate is determined based on our income and the jurisdictions where it is earned, statutory tax rates, and the tax impacts
 of items treated differently for tax purposes than for financial reporting purposes. Also inherent in determining our annual tax rate are judgments and assumptions regarding the recoverability of certain deferred tax balances, and our
 ability to uphold certain tax positions. We are subject to complex tax laws, in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions, and the manner in which they apply can be open to interpretation. Realization of deferred tax assets is
 dependent upon generating sufficient taxable income in the appropriate jurisdiction in future periods, which involves business plans, planning opportunities, and expectations about future outcomes. Our assessment relies on estimates and
 assumptions, and may involve a series of complex judgments about future events. 

34 

Table of Contents 

There are a number of estimates and assumptions inherent in calculating the various components of our tax provision. Future events such as changes in tax legislation,
 geographic mix of earnings, completion of tax audits or earnings repatriation plans could have an impact on those estimates and our effective tax rate.

Please refer to Notes 3, 8, 9, 12 and 14 to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 for additional information related to these critical accounting estimates and our other significant accounting
 policies.

Effect of Recent Accounting Pronouncements

See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 21 Recent Accounting Pronouncements for recent accounting pronouncements that may affect our financial
 reporting.

ITEM 7A.

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk

We conduct business in several major currencies throughout our worldwide operations, and our financial performance may be affected by fluctuations in the exchange rates of these currencies. Changes in exchange rates
 can positively or negatively affect our reported revenue, operating income, assets, liabilities, and equity. The functional currencies of our Asian subsidiaries are the South Korean won, the New Taiwan dollar, the Chinese renminbi and the
 Singapore dollar. The functional currencies of our European subsidiaries are the British pound and the euro. In addition, we engage in transactions and have exposures to the Japanese yen.

We attempt to minimize our risk of foreign currency transaction losses by producing products in the same country in which the products are sold (thereby generating revenues and incurring expenses in the same
 currency), and by managing our working capital. However, in some instances, we sell products in a currency other than the functional currency of the country where it was produced, or purchase products in a currency that differs from the
 functional currency of the purchasing entity. In addition, to the extent practicable, we attempt to reduce our exposure to foreign currency exchange fluctuations by converting cash and cash equivalents into the functional currency of the
 subsidiary which holds the cash. We may also enter into derivative contracts to mitigate our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations when we have a significant purchase obligation or significant receivable denominated in a currency that differs
 from the functional currency of the transacting subsidiary. We do not enter into derivatives for speculative purposes. There can be no assurance that this approach will protect us from the need to recognize significant foreign currency
 transaction gains and losses, especially in the event of a significant adverse movement in the value of any foreign currency in which we conduct business against any of our functional currencies, including the U.S. dollar.

Our primary net foreign currency exposures as of October 31, 2021, included the South Korean won, the Japanese yen, the New Taiwan
 dollar, the Chinese renminbi, the Singapore dollar, the British pound sterling, and the euro. As of October 31, 2021, a 10 adverse movement in the value of these currencies against the functional currencies of our subsidiaries would have
 resulted in a net unrealized pre-tax loss of 35.2 million, which represents an increase of 3.3 million from the same movement as of October 31, 2020. The increase in foreign currency rate change risk is primarily the result of increased net
 exposures of the New Taiwan dollar and the RMB against the U.S. dollar. We do not believe that a 10 change in the exchange rates of other non-U.S. dollar currencies would have had a material effect on our October 31, 2021 , consolidated financial statements.

Interest Rate Risk

A 10 adverse movement in the interest rates on our variable rate borrowings would not have had a material effect on our October 31, 2021, consolidated financial statements.

35 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

37

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

39 

Consolidated Statements of Income 

40

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

41

Consolidated Statements of Equity 

42

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

43

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

44

36 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Photronics, Inc.

Opinions on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Photronics, Inc. (the "Company") as of October 31, 2021, and October 31,
 2020, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 31, 2021, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15
 (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of October 31, 2021, and October 31, 2020, and the results of
 its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the
 Company's internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our
 report dated December 17, 2021, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

Basis for Opinions

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
 Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
 rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to
 obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial
 statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also
 included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

Critical Audit Matter

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was
 communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
 communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit
 matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

Revenue Contracts with Customers Refer to Note 8 to the financial statements

Critical Audit Matter Description

The Company recognizes revenue over time for in-process production orders that have not shipped for contracts with customers for which it
 has an enforceable right to bill and collect consideration, inclusive of a reasonable profit, in the event the in-process orders are cancelled by the customers. This results in the Company recording a corresponding contract asset as of period end
 for these contracts. Significant judgment is exercised by the Company in determining the amount of revenue to recognize for these contracts and the corresponding contract asset, specifically in estimating the point within the production cycle at
 which the production orders stand in relation to the Company s enforceable right within the contract. Pursuant to these contracts, the contract asset associated with revenue recognized over time as of October 31, 2021, was 9.9 million.

37 

Table of Contents 

We identified the determination of revenue recognized over time for in-process productions orders as of October 31, 2021 as a critical
 auditing matter because of the significant estimates and assumptions management makes in determining the amount of revenue to recognize for these contracts. This required a high degree of audit judgment and an increased extent of effort when
 performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s determination of the progress point of in-process orders and the amount of revenue recognized over time and the corresponding contract asset as of October 31, 2021.

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

Our audit procedures related to the Company s determination of the progress point of in-process orders and resulting revenue recognized
 over time and corresponding contract asset as of October 31, 2021 included the following:

- We tested the operating effectiveness of controls over management s determination of the point in the production process and
 correlation to stated contractual rights.

- We tested the mathematical accuracy of management s calculations of revenue and the associated timing of revenue recognized in the
 consolidated financial statements.

- We selected a sample of in-process production orders as of October 31, 2021, and performed the following procedures for each selection:

- Obtained and read the contract.

- Physically observed existence of the in-process production order.

- Tested management s identification of significant contract terms and resulting revenue recognition for the in-process production order.

- Tested management estimate of the production point for the in-process order and corresponding revenue recognition and contract asset
 based on the Company s enforceable right within the contract.

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP

Boston, Massachusetts

December 17, 2021

We have served as the Company s auditor since 1991.

38 

Table of Contents 

PHOTRONICS, INC.

Consolidated Balance Sheets

(in thousands, except per share amounts)

October 31 ,

 2021 

October 31 ,

 2020 

ASSETS

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

Accounts receivable, net of allowance of in 2021 and in 2020 

Inventories

Other current assets

Total current assets

Property, plant and equipment, net

Intangible assets, net

Deferred income taxes

Other assets

Total assets

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY

Current liabilities:

Short-term debt

Current portion of long-term debt

Accounts payable

Accrued liabilities

Total current liabilities

Long-term debt

Other liabilities

Total liabilities

Commitments and contingencies

Equity:

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at October 31, 2021 ,
 and shares issued and outstanding at October 31, 2020 

Additional paid-in capital

Retained earnings

Accumulated other comprehensive income

Total Photronics, Inc. shareholders' equity

Noncontrolling interests

Total equity

Total liabilities and equity

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

39 

Table of Contents 

PHOTRONICS, INC.

Consolidated Statements of Income

(in thousands, except per share amounts)

Year Ended

October 31 ,

 2021 

October 31 ,

 2020 

October 31 ,

 2019 

Revenue

Cost of goods sold

Gross profit

Operating expenses:

Selling, general and administrative

Research and development

Total operating expenses

Other operating income, net 

Operating income

Non-operating income (expense):

Foreign currency transactions impacts, net

Interest expense, net 

Interest income and other income, net

Income before income tax provision

Income tax provision

Net income

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests

Net income attributable to Photronics, Inc. shareholders

Earnings per share:

Basic

Diluted

Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding:

Basic

Diluted

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

40 

Table of Contents 

PHOTRONICS, INC.

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income

(in thousands)

Year Ended

October 31,

 2021

October 31,

 2020

October 31,

 2019

Net income

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax of :

Foreign currency translation adjustments

Other

Net other comprehensive income (loss)

Comprehensive income

Less: comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests

Comprehensive income attributable to Photronics, Inc. shareholders

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

41 

Table of Contents 

PHOTRONICS, INC.

Consolidated Statements of Equity

Years Ended October 31, 2021, October 31, 2020 and October 31, 2019

(in thousands)

Photronics, Inc. Shareholders

Common Stock

Additional

 Paid-In

Retained 

Treasury

Accumulated

 Other

 Comprehensive

Non-

 Controlling

Total

Shares

Amount

Capital

Earnings

Stock

Income (Loss)

Interests

Equity

Balance at October 31, 2019

Adoption of ASU 2014-09

-

Adoption of ASU 2016-16

-

Net income

-

Other comprehensive (loss) income

-

Shares issued under equity plans 

Share-based compensation expense

-

Contribution from noncontrolling interest

-

Dividends to noncontrolling interest

-

Repurchase of common stock of subsidiary

-

Purchases of treasury stock

Retirement of treasury stock

Balance at October 31, 2019 

Net income

-

Other comprehensive income

-

Shares issued under equity plans 

Share-based compensation expense

-

Contribution from noncontrolling interest

-

Dividends to noncontrolling interest

-

Repurchase of common stock of subsidiary

-

Purchases of treasury stock

Retirement of treasury stock

Balance at October 31, 2020 

Net income 

- 

Other comprehensive income 

- 

Shares issued under equity plans 

Share-based compensation expense

- 

Dividends to noncontrolling interest 

- 

Purchases of treasury stock

Retirement of treasury stock

Balance at October 31, 2021 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

42 

Table of Contents 

PHOTRONICS, INC.

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

(in thousands)

Year Ended

October 31,

 2021

October 31,

 2020

October 31,

 2019

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

Depreciation and amortization of property, plant and equipment

Amortization of intangible assets

Share-based compensation

Deferred income taxes

Changes in assets, liabilities, and other:

Accounts receivable

Inventories

Other current assets

Accounts payable, accrued liabilities and other

Net cash provided by operating activities

Cash flows from investing activities:

Purchases of property, plant and equipment

Government incentives

Purchases of intangible assets

Other

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash flows from financing activities:

Proceeds from debt

Purchases of treasury stock

Repayments of debt

Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests

Proceeds from share-based arrangements

Contributions from noncontrolling interests

Other

Net cash used in financing activities

Effects of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash

Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of year

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of year

Less: Ending restricted cash 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash information:

Accrual for property, plant and equipment purchased during year

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

43 

Table of Contents 

PHOTRONICS, INC.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Years Ended October 31, 2021, October 31, 2020 and October 31, 2019

(in thousands, except share amounts)

manufacturing facilities, which are located in Taiwan ), Korea , the United States ), Europe ), and China ). Our FPD facility in
 Hefei, China, commenced production in the second quarter of 2019, and our IC facility in Xiamen, China, commenced production in the third quarter of 2019.

44 

Table of Contents 

Work in process

Finished goods

to 
 years, machinery and equipment over to 
 years, and furniture, fixtures, and office equipment over to years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the life of the lease or the estimated useful life of the improvement, whichever is less. We employ judgment and assumptions when we
 establish estimated useful lives and depreciation periods, as well as when we periodically review property, plant, and equipment for any potential impairment in carrying values, whenever events such as a significant industry downturn, plant closures,
 technological obsolescence, or other change in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable.

45 

Table of Contents 

to years, using the straight-line method or another method that more fairly represents the utilization of the assets.

million and million are included in Other assets on our October 31, 2021 and October 31,
 2020, consolidated balance sheets, respectively. The restrictions on these amounts are primarily related to land lease agreements and customs requirements.

46 

Table of Contents 

million are included in Other current assets , and contract liabilities of million and million are included in Accrued liabilities and Other
 liabilities , respectively, in our October 31, 2021, consolidated balance sheet.
 Our October 31, 2020, condensed consolidated balance sheet includes contract assets of million, included in Other current assets , and contract liabilities of and million, included in Accrued liabilities and Other
 liabilities , respectively . We did t impair any contract assets in 2021, 2020, or 2019 . In 2021, 2020, and 2019 , we
 recognized revenue of million, million, and million, respectively, from the settlement of contract liabilities that existed at the beginning of those years. 

, depending on both the geographic market in which the
 transaction occurs and our payment agreements with specific customers. In the event that our evaluation of a customer s business prospects and financial condition indicate that the customer presents a collectability risk, we modify terms of sale,
 which may require payment in advance of performance. At the time of adoption, we elected the practical expedient allowed under ASC Topic 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers Topic 606 that permits us not to adjust a contract s promised
 amount of consideration to reflect a financing component when the period between when we transfer control of goods or services to customers and when we are paid is one year or less.

47 

Table of Contents 

million of ROU assets and million of lease liabilities on our opening 2020 balance sheet. At the time of transition, we elected a number of practical expedients offered by the guidance,
 which are described in Note 9. The following discussion is germane to our accounting for leases under Topic 842 . 

48 

Table of Contents 

49 

Table of Contents 

50 

Table of Contents 

Contract assets

Prepaid expenses

Prepaid and refundable income taxes

Other

Buildings and improvements

Machinery and equipment

Leasehold improvements

Furniture, fixtures and office equipment

Construction in progress

Accumulated depreciation and amortization

million, million and million for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

Accumulated amortization

million gain on the trade-in of a lithography tool with a tool vendor as partial compensation for a more advanced tool.

Software and other

October 31,
 2020 

Technology license agreement

Customer relationships

Software and other

51 

Table of Contents 

million, million and million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

. 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter

interest in our IC business in Xiamen, China. The joint venture, which
 we refer to as PDMCX , was established to develop and manufacture photomasks for leading-edge and advanced-generation semiconductors. We entered into this joint venture to enable us to compete more effectively for the merchant photomask business in
 China, and to benefit from the additional resources and investment that DNP provides to enable us to offer advanced-process technology to our customers. gain or loss was recorded upon the formation of this joint
 venture. 

million. In 2020, in combination with local financing obtained by PDMCX, Photronics and DNP had fulfilled their investment obligations under the Agreement. As discussed in
 Note 7, liens were granted to the local financing entity on property, plant and equipment with an October 31, 2021, total carrying value of 
 million, as collateral for the loans.

term of the
 Agreement that cannot be resolved between the two parties. As of the date of issuance of these financial statements, DNP had not indicated its intention to exercise this right. In addition, both Photronics and DNP have the option to purchase, or put,
 their interest from, or to, the other party, should their ownership interest fall below percent for a period of more than six consecutive months. Under all such circumstances, the sales of ownership interests would be at the exiting party s ownership percentage of the joint
 venture s net book value, with closing to take place within three business days of obtaining required approvals and clearance.

million, ) million and ) million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. General creditors of PDMCX do not have recourse to the assets of Photronics (other than the assets of PDMCX), and our maximum
 exposure to loss from PDMCX at October 31, 2021, was million.

variable interest we held during the current and prior year periods, we had the obligation to absorb losses, and the right to receive benefits, that could potentially be
 significant to PDMCX.

52 

Table of Contents 

Noncurrent assets

Total assets

Current liabilities

Noncurrent liabilities

Total liabilities

Net assets

Income taxes

Contract liabilities

Property, plant, and equipment

Value added and other taxes

Operating leases 

Contract manufacturing

Telecommunications and utilities

Professional fees 

Inventory

Other

Accrued liabilities

53 

Table of Contents 

million, and million as of
 October 31, 2021, and October 31, 2020, respectively. The 2020 amount represents an advance payment, under an MLA, to fund equipment purchased or leased in the U.S., and short duration borrowings in Xiamen, China, to fund operations. See below
 for further information. The weighted-average interest rate on our short-term debt as of October 31, 2020, was . Interest
 payments, including capitalized interest of million in both 2021 and 2020, were million in 2021, million in 2020, and million in 2019. 

Months 13 24

Months 25 36

Months 37 48

Months 49 60

Long-term debt

Interest rate at balance sheet date

- 

(3) 

Basis spread on interest rates

- 

N/A

Interest rate reset

Quarterly

Monthly/Annually

Annually

N/A

Maturity date

December 2025 

July 2023 

September 2025 

(3) 

Periodic payment amount

(1) 

(3) 

Periodic payment frequency

(2) 

Loan collateral (carrying amount)

N/A

(4) 

percent of the approved million RMB loan principal; last five installments will each be for percent of the approved
 loan principal. 

Months 13 24

Months 25 36

Months 37 48

Months 49 60

Thereafter

Long-term debt

Interest rate at balance sheet date

- 

Basis spread on interest rates

- 

Loan collateral (carrying amount)

N/A

million RMB from the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China. From November 2018 through July 2020, PDMCX entered into separate loan agreements (the Project Loans for the entire approved amount and, as of
 October 31, 2021, million RMB 
 million) remained outstanding. The Project Loans were used to finance certain capital expenditures at the PDMCX facility, and are collateralized by liens granted on the land use right, building, and certain equipment located at the facility. The
 interest rates on the Project Loans are variable (based on the RMB Loan Prime Rate of the National Interbank Funding Center), and interest incurred on the loans is eligible for reimbursement through incentives provided by the Xiamen Torch Hi-Tech
 Industrial Development Zone, which provide for such reimbursements up to a prescribed limit and duration. The Project Loans are subject to covenants and provisions, certain of which relate to the assets pledged as security for the loan, all of
 which we were in compliance with at October 31, 2021.

million, pursuant to which PDMCX may enter into separate loan agreements with varying terms to maturity. This facility is subject to annual reviews and extension. Unless
 extended, this facility will expire in October 2022 . As of October 31, 2021, PDMCX had million RMB million) outstanding against the
 approval. The interest rates are variable, based on the RMB Loan Prime Rate of the National Interbank Funding Center. Interest incurred on the loans are eligible for reimbursement through incentives provided by the Xiamen Torch Hi-Tech Industrial
 Development Zone, which provide for such reimbursements up to a prescribed limit and duration.

million RMB (approximately million, at the balance
 sheet date) from the China Construction Bank Corporation. This credit facility is subject to annual reviews and extension, with the most recent extension allowing us to borrow additional funds set to expire in August 2022 . The loan proceeds were used to fund purchases of lithography tools at the Hefei facility. As of October 31, 2021, we had borrowed million RMB
 million) against this approval (all of which was then outstanding), and million RMB million) remained available to borrow.
 The interest rate on the loan is variable and based on the RMB Loan Prime Rate of the National Interbank Funding Center. The borrowings are secured by the Hefei facility, its related land use right, and certain manufacturing equipment. The Hefei
 Equipment Loan is subject to covenants and provisions, certain of which relate to the assets pledged as security for the loan, including covenants for the ratio of total liabilities to total assets and the ratio of current assets to current
 liabilities, all of which we were in compliance with at October 31, 2021.

million finance lease for
 a high-end inspection tool and, in December 2020, under an MLA which we entered into effective July 2019, we entered into a million
 lease for a high-end lithography tool. Upon entering into the latter lease, our prior million short-term obligation to the lessor
 became a portion of the lease liability. See Note 9 for additional information on these leases.

amended and restated credit agreement (the Credit Agreement ), which has a million borrowing limit, with an expansion capacity to million. The Credit Agreement is secured by substantially all of our assets located in the United States and certain of the common stock we own in certain foreign subsidiaries. The Credit Agreement includes
 covenants around minimum interest coverage ratio, total leverage ratio, and minimum unrestricted cash balance (all of which we were in compliance with at October 31, 2021), and limits the amount of cash dividends, distributions, and redemptions
 we can pay on our common stock to an aggregate annual amount of million. The interest rate on the Credit Agreement at October 31, 2021) is based on our total leverage ratio at LIBOR plus a spread, as defined in the Credit Agreement.We had outstanding borrowings against the Credit Agreement at October 31, 2021. 

54 

Table of Contents 

Mainstream

Total IC

FPD 

High-end

Mainstream

Total FPD

Korea

China

United States

Europe

Other

At a point in time

million. In conjunction with this, we recorded lease
 liabilities, which had been discounted at our incremental borrowing rates, of million. The impact of our adoption of Topic
 842 on our current and deferred income taxes was immaterial.

million finance lease for a high-end inspection tool. Monthly payments on the lease, which commenced in February 2021, are million per month. Upon the payment of the fiftieth monthly payment and prior to payment of the fifty-first monthly payment, we may exercise an early
 buyout option to purchase the tool for million. If we do not exercise the early buyout option, then at the end of the lease term, the lease shall continue to renew on a month-to-month basis at the same rental; at our option, after the original term or any
 renewal periods, we may return the tool, elect to extend the lease, or purchase the tool at its fair market value. Since we are reasonably certain that we will exercise the early buyout option, our lease liability reflects such exercise and we have
 classified the lease as a finance lease. The interest rate implicit in the lease is .

million finance lease for a high-end lithography
 tool. Monthly payments on the lease, which commenced in January 2021, increased from million during the first three months to million for the following nine months, to be followed by forty-eight monthly payments of million. As of the due date of the forty-eighth monthly payment, we may exercise an early buyout option to purchase the tool for million. If we do not exercise the early buyout option, then at the end of the 
 lease term, at our option, we may return the tool, elect to extend the lease term for a period and a lease payment to be agreed with lessor at the time, or purchase the tool for its then-fair market value as determined by the lessor. Since we are
 reasonably certain that we will exercise the early buyout option, our lease liability reflects such exercise and we have classified the lease as a finance lease. The interest rate implicit in the lease is . The lease agreement incorporates the covenants included in our Corporate Credit Agreement, which are detailed in Note 7, and includes a cross-default provision for any
 agreement or instrument with an outstanding, committed balance greater than million in which we are the indebted party.

55 

Table of Contents 

ROU Assets Finance Leases 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Lease Liabilities Operating Leases 

Accrued liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Lease Liabilities Finance Leases 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Long-term debt 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter

Total lease payments

Imputed interest

Lease liabilities

Short-term lease costs

Variable lease costs

Interest on lease liabilities

Amortization of ROU assets

Finance leases

-

Operating cash flows used for finance leases

Financing cash flows used for finance leases

ROU assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations

ROU assets obtained in exchange for finance lease obligations

million shares. Awards may be granted to officers, employees, directors, consultants, advisors, and independent contractors of Photronics or its
 subsidiaries. In the event of a change in control (as defined in the Plan), the vesting of awards may be accelerated. The Plan, aspects of which are more fully described below, prohibits further awards from being issued under prior plans. 

Selling, general and administrative

Research and development

Total expense incurred

Income tax benefits of share-based compensation (in millions)

Share-based compensation cost capitalized

56 

Table of Contents 

Weighted-average amortization period (in years)

. The fair values of the awards are determined on the date of grant, based on the closing stock price of our common stock. As of October 31, 2021, there were shares of restricted stock outstanding.

Granted

Vested

Cancelled

Outstanding at October 31 , 2021 

Expected to vest as of October 31,
 2021

Weighted-average grant-date fair value of awards (in dollars per share)

Fair value of awards for which restrictions lapsed

and
 have a contractual term. All incentive and non-qualified stock option grants must have an exercise price no less than the market
 value of the underlying common stock on the date of grant. The grant-date fair values of options are based on closing prices of our common stock on the dates of grant and are calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Expected
 volatility is based on the historical volatility of our common stock. We use historical option exercise behavior and employee termination data to estimate expected term, which represents the period of time that options granted are expected to remain
 outstanding. The risk-free rate of return for the estimated term of an option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the date of grant.

stock option awards granted during 2021 and 2020. The weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted during 2019 was . 

Risk-free rate of return

Dividend yield

Expected term

years

57 

Table of Contents 

Granted

Exercised

Cancelled and forfeited

Outstanding at October 31 , 2021 

years

Exercisable at October 31 , 2021 

years

Expected to vest as of October 31 , 2021 

years

Cash received from option exercises

of the lower of the closing
 market price at the commencement or ending date of the Plan year (which is approximately from
 the commencement date) . We recognize the ESPP expense over that same period. As of October 31, 2021, the maximum number of shares of common stock approved by our shareholders to be purchased under the ESPP was million shares, of which approximately 
 million shares had been issued through October 31, 2021. As of October 31, 2021, less than million shares, with unrecognized compensation cost of less than million (all of which will be recognized in the first
 quarter of fiscal 2022) were subject to outstanding subscriptions.

of service and are years of age or older. Under the terms of the 401(k) Plan, employees may contribute up to of their salary, subject to certain maximum amounts, which will be matched by the Company at of
 the employee's contributions that are not in excess of of the employee's compensation. Employee and employer contributions vest
 immediately upon contribution. The total employer contributions for all of our defined contribution plans were million, million and million in 2021, 2020
 and 2019, respectively.

58 

Table of Contents 

Foreign

59 

Table of Contents 

State

Foreign

Deferred:

Federal

State

Foreign

Total

Changes in valuation allowances

Foreign tax rate differentials

Tax credits

Uncertain tax positions, including reserves, settlements and resolutions

Income tax holiday

Other, net

Effective tax rate

60 

Table of Contents 

primarily due to loss jurisdiction pre-tax losses not being benefited due to valuation allowances, non-U.S. pre-tax income being taxed at higher statutory rates in the
 non-U.S. jurisdictions, and investment credits in foreign jurisdictions.

primarily due to loss jurisdiction pre-tax losses not being benefited due to valuation allowances, non-U.S. pre-tax income being taxed at higher statutory rates in the non-U.S.
 jurisdictions (partially offset by the benefits of a tax holiday), and investment credits in foreign jurisdictions.

due

to the recognition of a benefit related to previously unrecognized tax positions, loss jurisdiction pre-tax losses being benefited at higher statutory rates than pre-tax income in income jurisdictions was taxed, changes in deferred tax asset
 valuation allowance, the benefits of a tax holiday, and investment credits in foreign jurisdictions.

tax holiday in Taiwan that expired on . This tax holiday reduced foreign taxes by million and million in 2020 and
 2019, respectively, with a two cents per share impact in 2019, and an immaterial per share effect in 2020.

61 

Table of Contents 

Reserves not currently deductible

Tax credit carryforwards

Share-based compensation

Property, plant and equipment

Lease liabilities 

Other

Valuation allowances

Deferred income tax liabilities:

ROU assets 

Net deferred income tax assets

Classification 

Deferred income tax assets

Other liabilities

62 

Table of Contents 

2029 -Indefinite

State

2022 -Indefinite

Foreign

2024 - 2031 

63 

Table of Contents 

2024 - 2041 

State

2022 - 2035 

Additions (reductions) for tax positions in prior years

Additions based on current year tax positions

Settlements

Lapses of statutes of limitations

Balance at end of year before interest and penalties

Interest and penalties

Balance at end of year including interest and penalties

million, million, and million, respectively, that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rates. We include any applicable interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in our income tax provision. The
 amounts reflected in the table above include settlements of non-U.S. audits. 

million. Resolution of these uncertain tax positions may result from either or both the lapses of statutes of limitations and tax settlements. The
 Company is no longer subject to tax authority examinations in the U.S., major foreign, or state tax jurisdictions for years prior to fiscal year 2016.

million, million and million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Cash
 received as refunds of income taxes paid in prior years amounted to million in 2021, million in 2020, and an immaterial amount in 2019.

64 

Table of Contents 

Effect of dilutive securities:

Interest expense on convertible notes, net of tax

Earnings used for diluted earnings per share

Weighted-average common shares computations:

Weighted-average common shares used for basic earnings per share

Effect of dilutive securities:

Share-based payment awards

Convertible notes

Potentially dilutive common shares

Weighted-average common shares used for diluted earnings per share

Basic earnings per share

Diluted earnings per share

Total potentially dilutive shares excluded

million for the purchase of capital equipment. The amounts below do not include our commitments under our debt and lease arrangements, which are
 presented in Notes 7 and 9, respectively.

65 

Table of Contents 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter

Total

for the years ended October 31, 2021 and October 31, 2020.

Other comprehensive income (loss)

Less: other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests

Balance at October 31, 2021 

Other comprehensive loss

Less: other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests

Balance at October 31, 2020 

66 

Table of Contents 

and 
 of our net accounts receivable, respectively, and, as of October 31, 2021, another customer accounted for of our net accounts
 receivable balance. One customer accounted for , and , of our revenue in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and another
 customer accounted for , 
 and of our revenue in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

Taiwan

United States

Korea

Europe and Other

consulting agreement with DEMA Associates, LLC, of

which the chairman of our board of directors is a member, for million per year. In 2019, we incurred expenses for services provided by this entity of million. Effective March 9, 2020, the agreement
 was amended to reduce the consideration under the contract to million per year for its remaining term; in 2021 and 2020, we incurred
 expenses for services provided by this entity of million and million, respectively.

million, million and million, in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. As of
 October 31, 2021 and October 31, 2020, we had accounts receivable of million and million, respectively, from this customer.

t have any assets or liabilities measured at fair value, on a
 recurring or a nonrecurring basis, at October 31, 2021 or October 31, 2020.

million of its common stock, pursuant to a repurchase plan under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Act. The company commenced repurchasing shares under this authorization on .

67 

Table of Contents 

million of its common stock, pursuant to a repurchase plan under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Act. The share repurchase
 program commenced on , and was terminated on . 

million of its common stock, to have been executed in open-market transactions or in accordance with a repurchase plan under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Act. The share
 repurchase program commenced on , and was terminated on .

Cost of shares repurchased

Average price paid per share

, or approximately million , million and million , respectively, were paid to noncontrolling
 interests.

68 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9.

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.

ITEM 9A.

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of October 31, 2021. We have established and
 currently maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act, designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the
 Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our
 chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and
 procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost- benefit relationship of
 possible controls and procedures. Based on an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of October 31, 2021, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and
 procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level.

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and
 with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting based on criteria
 established in the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
 that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2021, based on the criteria set forth by the COSO. Management, under the supervision and with the participation
 of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of October 31, 2021.

The Company s independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche LLP, has audited the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2021, as stated in
 their report on page 70 of this Form 10-K.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Remediation of Material Weakness

To address the previously reported material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting discussed in Part II, Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
 to our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2020 , we changed organizational reporting structures, designed and implemented new controls and tools to
 ensure that personnel with the appropriate level of authority and competence monitor, review and approve the types of transactions that gave rise to the material weakness. Based on the actions taken, as well as the evaluation of the design and
 operating effectiveness of the new controls, we determined that the previously reported material weakness has been remediated as of October 31, 2021.

69 

Table of Contents 

Other than the remediation of the material weakness discussed above, there were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting during 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
 materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Photronics, Inc.

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Photronics, Inc. (the Company as of October 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control 
 Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal
 control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated
 financial statements as of and for the year ended October 31, 2021, of the Company and our report dated December 17 , 2021, expressed an unqualified opinion on
 those financial statements.

Basis for Opinion

The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the
 accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered
 with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial
 reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating
 effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
 and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
 accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
 of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
 that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP

Boston, Massachusetts

December 17 , 2021

70 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9B.

OTHER INFORMATION

None.

ITEM 9C.

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTION

Not applicable.

PART III

ITEM 10.

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The information as to Directors required by Items 401, 405 and 407(c)(3)(d)(4) and (d)(5) of Regulation S-K is set forth in our 2022 Definitive Proxy Statement which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K under the caption PROPOSAL 1 - ELECTION OF DIRECTORS, DELINQUENT SECTION 16(A) REPORTS and in the third
 paragraph under the caption MEETINGS AND COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD , and is incorporated in this report by reference. The information as to Executive Officers is included in our 2022 Definitive Proxy Statement under the caption EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 and is incorporated in this report by reference.

We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, chief financial officer or principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. A copy of the code of ethics may be obtained,
 free of charge, by writing to the executive vice president, general counsel of Photronics, Inc. at 15 Secor Road, Brookfield, Connecticut 06804.

ITEM 11.

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The information required by Item 402 of Regulation S-K and paragraph (e)(4) and (e)(5) of Item 407 is set forth in our 2022 Definitive Proxy Statement under the captions EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION , CERTAIN AGREEMENTS ,
 DIRECTORS COMPENSATION , COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION and COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION , respectively, and is incorporated in this report by reference.

ITEM 12.

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K is set forth in our 2022 Definitive Proxy Statement under the caption EQUITY
 COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION and is incorporated in this report by reference. The information required by Item 403 of Regulation S-K is set forth in our 2022
 Definitive Proxy Statement under the caption OWNERSHIP OF COMMON STOCK BY DIRECTORS, OFFICERS AND CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS , and is incorporated in this report by reference.

ITEM 13.

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information required by Items 404 and Item 407(a) of Regulation S-K is set forth in our 2022 Definitive Proxy Statement under the captions MEETINGS AND COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD and RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS ,
 respectively, and is incorporated in this report by reference.

71 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 14.

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

The information required by Item 9(e) of Rule 14a-101 of the Exchange Act is set forth in our 2022 Definitive Proxy Statement under the captions Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees and AUDIT COMMITTEE
 REPORT , and is incorporated in this report by reference.

PART IV

ITEM 15.

EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

The following documents are filed as part of this report:

Page
 No.

1.

Financial Statements: See INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for a list of financial statements filed as part of this report. 

36

2.

Financial Statement Schedules

All schedules are omitted because they are immaterial or not applicable.

3.

Exhibit Index 

73 

72 

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Incorporated by Reference

Filed or

 Furnished

 Herewith

Exhibit

 Number

Description

Form

Exhibit

Filing

 Date

3.1 

Certificate of Incorporation as amended July 9, 1986, April 9, 1990, March 16, 1995, November 13, 1997, April 15, 2002 and June 20, 2005

10-K

3.1

12/23/2019

3.2 

Amended and Restated By-laws of the Company dated as of September 7, 2016

8-K

3.2

9/13/2016

4.1 

Description of Securities of the Company

10-K

4.1

12/20/2019

4.2 

Certificate of Amendment with Respect to Series A Preferred Stock, dated September 24, 2019

8-K

3.1

9/24/2019

10.1 

The Company s 1992 Employee Stock Purchase Plan

10-K

10.1

12/20/2017

10.2 

Amendment to the Employee Stock Purchase Plan as of March 24, 2004 + 

10-K

10.2

1/6/2017

10.3 

Amendment to the Employee Stock Purchase Plan as of April 8, 2010 + 

10-K

10.4

1/7/2016

10.4 

Amendment to the Employee Stock Purchase Plan as of March 28, 2012 + 

10-K

10.4

12/21/2018

10.5 

Amendment to the Employee Stock Plan as of December 18, 2019 

10-K

10.5

12/23/2019

10.6 

2016 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan + 

DEF 14A

2/29/2016

10.7 

The Company s 2007 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan + 

DEF 14A

2/23/2007

10.8 

Amendment to the 2007 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan as of April 8, 2010 + 

10-K

10.7 

1/7/2016 

10.9 

Amendment to the 2007 Long Term Equity Incentive Plan as of April 11, 2014 + 

10-K

10.7 

12/23/2019 

10.10 

2011 Executive Incentive Compensation Plan effective as of November 1, 2010 + 

10-K

10.9 

1/6/2015 

10.11 

Joint Venture Framework Agreement dated November 20, 2013, between the Company and Dai Nippon Printing Co., Ltd. # 

10-K/A

10.19

7/8/2015

10.12 

Joint Venture Operating Agreement dated November 20, 2013, between the Company and Dai Nippon Printing Co., Ltd. # 

10-K/A

10.20

7/8/2015

10.13 

Outsourcing Agreement dated November 20, 2013, among the Company, Dai Nippon Printing Co., Ltd and Photronics Semiconductor Mask Corporation # 

10-K/A

10.21

7/8/2015

73 

Table of Contents 

10.14 

License Agreement dated November 20, 2013, between the Company and Photronics Semiconductor Mask Corporation # 

10-K/A

10.22

7/8/2015

10.15 

License Agreement dated November 20, 2013, between Dai Nippon Printing Co., Ltd and Photronics Semiconductor Mask Corporation # 

10-K/A

10.23

7/8/2015

10.16 

Margin Agreement dated November 20, 2013, among the Company, Dai Nippon Printing Co., Ltd and Photronics Semiconductor Mask Corporation#

10-K/A

10.24

7/8/2015

10.17 

Merger Agreement dated November 20, 2013, between Photronics Semiconductor Mask Corporation and DNP Photomask Technology Taiwan Co., Ltd. # 

10-K/A

10.25

7/8/2015

10.18 

Executive Employment Agreement between the Company and Christopher J. Progler, Vice President, Chief Technology Officer dated September 10, 2007 + 

10-K

10.18

12/23/2019

10.19 

Executive Employment Agreement between the Company and Peter S. Kirlin dated May 4, 2015 + 

10-Q

10.28

9/9/2015

10.20 

Executive Employment Agreement between the Company and Richelle E. Burr dated May 21, 2010 + 

10-K

10.30

1/7/2016

10.21 

Executive Employment Agreement between the Company and John P. Jordan dated September 5, 2017 + 

10-K

10.31

12/20/2017

10.22 

Employment Agreement dated March 9, 2020, between Photronics Dai Nippon Mask Corporation and Frank Lee

10-Q

10.36

3/11/2020

10.23 

Consulting Agreement between the Company and DEMA Associates, LLC dated January 20, 2018

10-Q

10.37

3/11/2020

10.24 

Amendment dated March 9, 2020, between DEMA Associates, LLC and the Company

10-Q

10.37

3/11/2020

10.25 

Form of Amendment to Executive Employment Agreement dated March 16, 2012+

10-K

10.23

12/23/2019

10.26 

Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September 27, 2018, among Photronics, Inc. the Foreign Subsidiary Borrower Party Thereto, the Lender Party Thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as
 Administrative and Collateral Agent and Bank of America, N.A. as syndication agent

10-K

10.24

12/21/2018

10.27 

Third Amended and Restated Security Agreement entered into as of September 27, 2018, by and among Photronics, Inc., the subsidiaries of the Company and JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A

10-K

10.25

12/21/2018

10.28 

Fixed Asset Loan Agreement between Photronics DNP Mask Corporation Xiamen and Industrial and Commercial Bank China Limited Xiamen Xiang an Branch

10-K

10.26

12/21/2018

10.29 

Working Capital Loan Agreement between Industrial and Commercial Bureau China Limited Xiamen Xiang an Branch and Photronics DNP Mask Corporation Xiamen effective as of November 7, 2018

10-K

10.27

12/21/2018

10.30 

Investment Agreement between Xiamen Torch Hi-Tech Industrial Development Zone Management Committee and Photronics Singapore Pte. Ltd.

10-Q

10.35

9/2/2016

74 

Table of Contents 

10.31 

Amendment No. 1 to the Investment Agreement between Xiamen Torch Hi-Tech Industrial Development Zone Management Committee and Photronics Singapore Pte, Ltd. #

10-Q

10.29

12/23/2019

10.32 

Contribution Agreement dated May 16, 2017 among Dai Nippon Printing Co., Ltd. DNP), DNP Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. DNP Asia Pacific ), Photronics, Inc. Photronics ), Photronics Singapore Pte. Ltd.,
 Photronics Singapore ), and Xiamen American Japan Photronics Mask Co., Ltd. PDMCX )#

10-Q/A

10.26

12/19/2017

10.33 

Joint Venture Operating Agreement dated May 16, 2017, among Photronics, Photronics Singapore, DNP, and DNP Asia Pacific#

10-Q/A

10.27

12/19/2017

10.34 

Outsourcing Agreement dated May 16, 2017, among Photronics, DNP, Photronics DNP Photomask Corporation PDMC and PDMCX#

10-Q/A

10.28

12/19/2017

10.35 

Amended and Restated License Agreement dated May 16, 2017 between DNP and PDMC#

10-Q/A

10.29

12/19/2017

10.36 

Investment Cooperation Agreement between Hefei State Hi-tech Industry Development Zone and Photronics UK, Ltd.

10-K

10.42

12/20/2017

10.37 

Section 382 Rights Agreement, dated September 23, 2019, between Photronics, Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. as rights agent

8-K

4.1

9/24/2019

10.38 

Master Lease Agreement dated October 12, 2020, between TD Equipment Finance and the Company

10-K

10.38

1/15/2021

10.39 

Fixed Asset Loan Contract dated October 1, 2020, Hefei Photronics Mask Corporation and China Construction Bank Corporation

10-K

10.39

1/15/2021

10.40 

Maximum Mortgage Contract dated October 1, 2020 between Photronics Mask Corporation Hefei and China Construction Bank Corporation Hefei Shusshan Branch

10-K

10.40

1/15/2021

21 

List of Subsidiaries of the Company

10-K

21

12/17/2021

23.1 

Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

10-K

23.1

12/17/2021

31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

10-K

31.1

12/17/2021

31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

10-K

32.2

12/17/2021

32.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

10-K

32.1

12/17/2021

32.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

10-K

32.2

12/17/2021

75 

Table of Contents 

101.INS

Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

10-K

101.INS

101.SCH

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

10-K

101.SCH

101.CAL

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

10-K

101.CAL

101.DEF

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

10-K

101.DEF

101.LAB

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

10-K

101.LAB

101.PRE

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document

10-K

101.PRE

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)

X 

+ 

Represents a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

#

Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

The Company will provide a copy of any exhibit upon receipt of a written request for the particular exhibit or exhibits desired. All requests should be addressed to the Company s general counsel at the address of
 the Company s principal executive offices.

ITEM 16.

FORM 10-K SUMMARY

Not applicable.

76 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

PHOTRONICS, INC.

(Registrant)

By

/s/ John P. Jordan 

By

/s/ Eric Rivera 

John P. Jordan

 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer

 (Principal Financial Officer)

Eric Rivera

 Vice President, Corporate Controller

 (Principal Accounting Officer)

December 17, 2021

December 17, 2021

Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

By

/s/ Peter S. Kirlin 

Peter S. Kirlin

 Chief Executive Officer

 Director

 (Principal Executive Officer)

December 17, 2021

By

/s/ John P. Jordan 

John P. Jordan

 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer

 (Principal Financial Officer)

December 17, 2021

By

/s/ Eric Rivera 

Eric Rivera

 Vice President, Corporate Controller

 (Principal Accounting Officer)

December 17, 2021

By

/s/ Constantine S. Macricostas 

Constantine S. Macricostas

 Chairman of the Board

December 17, 2021

By

/s/ Walter M. Fiederowicz 

Walter M. Fiederowicz

 Director

December 17, 2021

By

/s/ Daniel Liao 

Daniel Liao

 Director

December 17, 2021

By

/s/ George Macricostas 

George Macricostas

 Director

December 17, 2021

By

/s/ Mary Paladino 

Mary Paladino

 Director

December 17, 2021

By

/s/ Mitchell G. Tyson 

Mitchell G. Tyson

 Director

December 17, 2021

77 

<EX-21>
 2
 brhc10031689_ex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

Exhibit 21 

SUBSIDIARIES OF PHOTRONICS, INC. 

State or Jurisdiction of 

 Incorporation or 

 Organization

Align-Rite International, Ltd.

(United Kingdom)

Photronics (Wales) Limited

(United Kingdom)

Photronics California, Inc.

(California, USA)

Photronics Idaho, Inc.

(Idaho, USA)

Photronics Texas Allen, Inc.

(Texas, USA)

Photronics MZD, GmbH

(Germany)

Photronics Advanced Mask Corporation

(Taiwan, R.O.C.)

Photronics DNP Mask Corporation (1) 

(Taiwan, R.O.C.)

PDMC Shanghai, Ltd.

(Shanghai, P.R.C.)

Photronics Singapore Pte, Ltd.

(Singapore)

Xiamen American Japan Photronics Mask Co., Ltd. (1) 

(Xiamen, P.R.C.)

Photronics UK, Ltd.

(United Kingdom)

Photronics Mask Corporation Hefei (2) 

(Hefei, P.R.C.)

Photronics Cheonan Co., Ltd.

(Republic of Korea)

Photronics Mask Corporation Hefei (2) 

(Hefei, P.R.C.)

PKLT Co., Ltd.

(Taiwan, R.O.C.)

Note: Entities directly owned by subsidiaries of Photronics, Inc. are indented and listed below their immediate parent. Ownership is 100 unless otherwise indicated.

(1) 
 
 50.01 owned by Photronics, Inc. and 49.99 owned by Dai Nippon Printing Co., Ltd.

(2) 
 
 64.00 owned by Photronics UK, Ltd. and 36.00 owned by Photronics Cheonan Co., Ltd.

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 brhc10031689_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration
 Statement Nos. 333-252486, 333-169296, 333-169295, 333-151763, 333-197890 and 333-217676 on Form S-8 of our report dated December 17, 2021 , relating to the consolidated financial statements and
 financial statement schedule of Photronics, Inc., and the effectiveness of Photronics, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Photronics, Inc. for the year ended October 31, 2021. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP

 Boston, Massachusetts

 December 17, 2021

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 brhc10031689_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1

I, Peter S. Kirlin, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Photronics, Inc.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
 misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
 for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a) 
 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b) 
 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
 the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c) 
 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
 by this annual report based on such evaluation; and

d) 
 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
 (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) 
 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
 financial information; and

b) 
 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

/s/ PETER S. KIRLIN

Peter S. Kirlin

Chief Executive Officer

December 17, 2021

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 brhc10031689_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2

I, John P. Jordan, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Photronics, Inc.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
 misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
 for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a) 
 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b) 
 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
 the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c) 
 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
 by this annual report based on such evaluation; and

d) 
 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
 (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) 
 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
 report financial information; and

b) 
 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

/s/ JOHN P. JORDAN

John P. Jordan

Chief Financial Officer

December 17, 2021 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 brhc10031689_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1

I, Peter S. Kirlin, Chief Executive Officer of Photronics, Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that:

1. 
 
 the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended October 31, 2021 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2. 
 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

/s/ PETER S. KIRLIN

Peter S. Kirlin 

Chief Executive Officer 

December 17, 2021 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 brhc10031689_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2

I, John P. Jordan, Chief Financial Officer of Photronics, Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that:

1. 
 
 the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended October 31, 2021 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2. 
 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

/s/ JOHN P. JORDAN

John P. Jordan 

Chief Financial Officer 

December 17, 2021 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 plab-20211031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 plab-20211031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 plab-20211031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 plab-20211031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 plab-20211031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

