<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211109_10-K_edgar_data_1667313_0001213900-21-057733.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5151830</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>302414</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>438660</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1333994</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1804863</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1131975</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-21-057733.hdr.sgml : 20211109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211109161543
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-21-057733
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		98
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Zedge, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001667313
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				263199071
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37782
		FILM NUMBER:		211392373

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1178 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1450, 3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		330-577-3424

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1178 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1450, 3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-21-057733.txt : 20211109

10-K
 1
 f10k2021_zedgeinc.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

Annual
Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

for the Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2021 

or 

Transition
Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Commission File Number: 1-37782 

Zedge, Inc. 

 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

Delaware 
 
 26-3199071 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of 
Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

1178 Broadway, 3rd Floor #1450, New York, NY 
 
 10001 
 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(330) 577-3424 

 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code) 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of each exchange on 
which registered 
 
 Class B common stock, par value 0.01 per share 
 
 ZDGE 
 
 NYSE American 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

 None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to
Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of
 large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth
company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on
and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting stock held
by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the adjusted closing price on January 29, 2021 (the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter) of the Class B common stock of 7.27 per share, as reported on the New York Stock Exchange,
was approximately 80.1 million. 

As of November 5, 2021, the registrant had outstanding 524,775 shares
of Class A common stock and 13,861,289 shares of Class B common stock. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

The definitive proxy statement relating to the registrant s Annual
Meeting of Stockholders, to be held January 12, 2022, is incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K to the extent described
therein. 

Index 

Zedge, Inc. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 
 1 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 7 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 26 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 26 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 26 

PART II 
 
 27 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 27 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data. 
 28 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 28 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks. 
 39 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 39 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 39 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 39 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 40 

PART III 
 
 41 

Item 10. 
 Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant, and Corporate Governance 
 41 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 41 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 41 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 41 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 41 

PART IV 
 
 42 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 42 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 43 

SIGNATURES 
 
 44 

i 

PART I 

As used in this Annual Report, unless the context otherwise requires,
the terms the Company, Zedge, we, us, and our refer to Zedge, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries, collectively. Our fiscal year runs from August 1 through July 31. Each reference to a fiscal
year in this Annual Report refers to the fiscal year ending in the calendar year indicated (for example, fiscal 2021 refers to the fiscal
year ended July 31, 2021). 

Item 1. Business 

Company Overview 

We own a portfolio of leading digital consumer brands that serve 43
million monthly active users across the globe. Our portfolio consists of Zedge Ringtones and Wallpapers, Shortz, and as of the beginning
of August of 2021 Emojipedia. 

We operate a state-of-the-art digital publishing platform that powers
Zedge Ringtones and Wallpapers, available in the Google Play store and App Store, which offers an easy, entertaining and immersive way
for end-users to engage with our rich and diverse catalogue of wallpapers, video wallpapers, ringtones, notification sounds on Android
and wallpapers, video wallpapers, ringtones and custom icon packs on iOS. We secure our content from amateur and professional artists,
and also from emerging and major brands. Artists have the ability to easily launch a virtual storefront in our Zedge app where they can
market and sell their content to our user base. That same platform powers an entertainment app called Shortz Chat Stories
by Zedge , which is focused on serialized, short-form, fiction stories, as a beta that runs on our publishing platform. Over the
past year, we have been expanding our content catalogue, started testing audio versions of a selected number of stories, materially improved
our ability to measure all types of engagement within the app, and invested a modest budget in paid user acquisition. Finally, in August
of 2021, we acquired Emojipedia, the leading source of all things emoji. 

Our Zedge app has been installed approximately 511 million times, and
at July 31, 2021, boasted approximately 34 million monthly active users, or MAU. MAU is a key performance indicator that captures the
number of unique users that used our Zedge app during the final 30 days of the relevant period. Our Zedge app has consistently ranked
as one of the most popular free apps in the Google Play store in the United States. Historically, we have not made a material investment
in paid user acquisition for our Zedge app. 

Our Zedge app s success stems from its ability to meet consumer
demand for a rich and diverse catalogue of both long-tail and popular content in a fun, intuitive and user-friendly fashion that aligns
with their interest in expressing their essence in a bespoke manner, to offer reliable search and discovery capabilities and to make relevant
content recommendations to our users. To this end, we invest heavily in both product design and development and the underlying technology
required to satisfy both our Zedge app s users and content contributors expectations. Our Zedge app contains both
user-generated and licensed, third-party content to achieve these goals. 

In March 2018, we launched Zedge Premium, a marketplace within our
Zedge app where professional creators and brands market, distribute and sell their digital content to our consumers. At launch, Zedge
Premium was a walled garden a separate section of the app which users needed to proactively choose to enter. In 2021,
we embedded Zedge Premium content throughout the app making it far more prominent. We also introduced a new content type on iOS: custom
icon packs. Over time, we expect that Zedge Premium will contribute to a virtuous cycle whereby it drives new consumers into our Zedge
app resulting in more artist payouts, which in turn makes the platform more attractive for artists and brands looking to expand their
reach and increase their income. 

In January 2019, we started offering freemium Zedge app Android users
the ability to convert into paying subscribers for, amongst other things, the ability to remove unsolicited advertisements from our Zedge
app. As of July 31, 2021, we had approximately 752,000 active paid subscribers. In fiscal 2022, we expect to launch subscriptions on iOS. 

In December 2019, we completed the beta launch of Shortz 
our new entertainment app offering serialized, short-form fiction rendered in a text-message format and more recently as audio productions
available across both Android and iOS, and focusing on users in the United States, the United Kingdom and Canada and it is now available
globally. New stories are added to the app each week, and as the content catalog expands, we are regularly improving content discovery
in order to guide users to the stories that will most interest them and improve engagement. 

On August 1, 2021, we acquired Emojipedia, the world s leading
authority dedicated to providing up to date and well-researched emoji definitions, information, and news as well as World Emoji Day and
the annual World Emoji Awards, and Emojitracker, which provides real time visualization of all emoji symbols used on Twitter. Emojipedia
receives approximately 50 million monthly page views and has approximately 9 million monthly active users of which approximately 50 are
located in well-developed markets. It is the top resource for all things emoji, offering insights into data and cultural trends. As a
voting member of the Unicode Consortium, the standards body responsible for approving new emojis, Emojipedia works alongside major emoji
creators including Apple, Google, Facebook and Twitter. 

1 

Over the past several years, our Zedge app has experienced a continuing
decline in its MAU as well as a shift in the regional customer make-up with MAU in emerging markets representing an increasing portion
of our user base. As of July 31, 2021, users in emerging markets represented 75 of our MAU compared to 70 a year prior. This shift has
negatively impacted revenue because advertising rates in emerging markets are materially lower than in well-developed markets. In the
fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, users in emerging markets grew by 16.1 while users in well-developed economies declined 11.5 when compared
to the same period in fiscal 2020. As of July 31, 2021, approximately 42 of our Zedge app s user base was located in North America
(20 and Europe (including Eastern Europe, 22 ), compared with 50 (North America, 24 and Europe 26 as of July 31, 2020. The remaining
58 of the user base was primarily located in emerging markets with 25 located in India. 

MAU growth is tightly coupled with new user growth. Historically, our
relatively high ranking in the Google Play store has been one of the primary drivers for securing new users. Although still an important
factor, we now also dedicate resources to growth initiatives, both organic and paid. In fiscal 2022, we expect to increase our paid user
acquisition spend while monitoring results to ensure that the investment is yielding a positive return on investment. With time, we believe
that we can change our growth dynamic in well-developed markets. Aside from targeted growth initiatives, we need to continually improve
the core user experience, test different mechanisms and content verticals that may spur growth and capitalize on the role that Zedge Premium
artists can have on driving new users into the Zedge platform. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted our Zedge app s new user growth.
According to Gartner, a leading research and advisory company, new smartphone sales declined 10.5 in calendar year 2020 as a result of
the pandemic, negatively impacting new user growth, especially in well-developed markets. As of September 1, 2021, Gartner reported that
worldwide smartphone sales grew by 10.8 year over year in the second quarter of calendar year 2021 despite supply constraints relating
to COVID-19 component shortages and production disruptions; however, it is still unclear what the impact on user growth will be as vaccines
become more available globally and as precautions like social distancing start to wane. The pandemic and measures implement to promote
social distancing had a modest positive impact on user engagement. 

During the quarter and fiscal year ended July 31, 2021, we generated
approximately 81 and 80 , respectively, of our revenues from selling our Zedge app s advertising inventory to advertising networks,
advertising exchanges, and direct arrangements with advertisers. Advertising networks and advertising exchanges are third-party technology
platforms that facilitate the buying and selling of media advertising inventory from multiple ad networks. The price of advertising inventory
is fixed on an advertising network whereas the price for inventory is determined through real-time bidding on an advertising exchange.
Advertisers are attracted to our Zedge app because of its sizable user base. 

In our Zedge Premium marketplace, the content owner sets the price
and the user can purchase the content by paying for it with Zedge Credits, our closed virtual currency. A user can earn Zedge Credits
when taking specific actions such as watching a rewarded video or taking a survey. Alternatively, users can buy Zedge Credits via an in-app
purchase. If a user purchases Zedge Credits, Google Play or App Store keeps up to 30 of the purchase price with the remainder being paid
to us. When a user purchases Zedge Premium content, the artist or brand receives 70 of the actual value of the Zedge Credits used to
buy the content item as a royalty and we retain the remaining 30 as our fee, which we recognize as revenue. As Zedge Premium matures
and expands, we expect to also diversify our revenue source mix. 

In January 2019, we started offering paid subscriptions to our Android
users which amongst other things removed unsolicited advertisements from our Zedge app. During the first 12 months after a customer s
sign up for the subscription-based product, Google retains up to 30 as a fee, which decreases to 15 from month 13 and beyond. As of
July 31, 2021, we had approximately 752,000 active subscribers, 90 of which had subscribed on an annual basis. Since inception in January
2019, subscriptions have generated approximately 6.7 million in gross revenue. 

During fiscal 2021, we generated revenues of 19.6 million and an income
from operations of 7.8 million, compared to revenues of 9.5 million and a loss from operations of 0.4 million in fiscal 2020. 

During fiscal 2021, advertisements from MoPub (owned by Twitter) represented
30 of our revenue, advertisements from Google represented 22 of our revenues and advertisements from Facebook represented 12 of our
revenues, as compared with 29 , 26 and 7 , respectively, during fiscal 2020. 

2 

Recent Developments 

In March 2018, we launched Zedge Premium, a marketplace within our
Zedge app where professional creators and brands market, distribute and sell their digital content to our consumers. Since launching Zedge
Premium, we have made and continue making material investments in optimizing our Zedge app s homepage design in order to maximize
exposure to premium content with the goal of driving sales. Over time, we expect that Zedge Premium will contribute to a virtuous cycle
whereby it drives new consumers into our Zedge app resulting in more artist payouts, which in turn makes the platform more attractive
for artists and brands looking to expand their reach and increase their income. 

In January 2019, we started offering paid subscriptions which, amongst
other things, removed unsolicited advertisements from our Zedge app. As of July 31, 2021, we had approximately 752,000 active subscribers.
Our plans call for further optimizing the offer based on user type, geography and price point as well as value adds including content
bundles and rewards. 

In December 2019, we completed the beta launch of Shortz 
our new entertainment app offering serialized, short-form fiction delivered in a text-message format across both Android and iOS, focusing
on users in the United States, the United Kingdom and Canada and it is now available globally. 

On August 1, 2021. we acquired Emojipedia, the world s leading
authority dedicated to providing up to date and well-researched emoji definitions, information, and news as well as World Emoji Day and
the annual World Emoji Awards, and Emojitracker, which provides real time visualization of all emoji symbols used on Twitter. Emojipedia
receives approximately 50 million monthly page views and has approximately 9 million monthly active users of which approximately 50 are
located in well-developed markets. It is the top resource for all things emoji, offering insights into data and cultural trends. As a
voting member of the Unicode Consortium, the standards body responsible for approving new emojis, Emojipedia works alongside major emoji
creators including Apple, Google, Facebook and Twitter. 

Our Competitive Advantages 

We believe that the following competitive strengths will drive the
growth of our business: 

Large, global customer base. We benefit from our Zedge app having a large customer base. As of July 31, 2021, we had approximately
34 million MAU of which approximately 20 were in North America and 22 were in Europe (including Eastern Europe), which provide preferred
monetization opportunities since these regions provide attractive demographics to advertisers. To serve a global user base, the Android
version of our Zedge app is available in 17 languages. Our Zedge app s global footprint helps us to secure a highly diverse portfolio
of content addressing various customer tastes and preferences. In addition, our Zedge app s customer base attracts advertisers seeking
customers that have adequate disposable income to purchase their products and services. Our Zedge app s large customer base is also
a draw to artists and brands looking to market their content to a critical mass of users. 

Leading global provider of mobile personalization content . We offer our Zedge app globally, enabling users to easily personalize
their mobile phones with a wide variety of free, high-quality ringtones, wallpapers, notification sounds, video wallpapers and app icons.
We believe that our Zedge app is well positioned for continued leadership in the personalization space. 

High-quality product . We believe that our Zedge app provides our customers with a high-quality product and superior user experience.
We prioritize our customers needs and believe that this focus is critical for our long-term growth and expansion. We invest significant
resources in product development, design and usability of our Zedge app. We beta test product enhancements extensively and closely monitor
customer feedback to ensure that we meet our Zedge app s user needs. We believe that our Zedge app s high user ranking validates
our product-oriented focus. As of July 31, 2021, our Zedge app enjoyed a lifetime average user rating of 4.6 stars out of a maximum of
5 stars in the Google Play store. 

Employees . We have a team of highly experienced professionals that take pride and ownership in their work product. Our diverse
employee base is passionate about our Zedge app and its mission to serve as a medium for self-expression and entertainment. Our culture
is founded on respect and empowerment which are critical in light of us having offices in three different countries. We strive to create
an environment where our employees can be autonomous and creative. 

Management team . We have an experienced management team that has a deep knowledge of the mobile app landscape and is highly
focused on execution. Our core management team possesses a solid understanding of the mobile app industry, product design and development,
operations and monetization. Collectively, our management team has proven ability in building and scaling a business and pursuing opportunity
with a manageable risk profile. 

3 

Large and diverse content catalogue . Our Zedge app offers a large and diverse catalogue of content including wallpapers, ringtones,
notification sounds and, more recently, video wallpapers and app icons. With artists and contributors spanning the globe, our Zedge app
has assembled a vast array of content to meet the needs of its users. 

Technology and infrastructure . The Zedge app has a scalable technology and infrastructure that reliably serves tens of millions
of MAU. We use a combination of off-the-shelf and proprietary technologies and infrastructure solutions in the Zedge app that scale efficiently
to meet the needs of its large customer base. 

Competition 

Our Zedge app faces competition across many different fronts including: 

Mobile personalization products . Generally, our Zedge app competes with other developers mobile apps for an end-user s
screen time. More specifically, ringtones, wallpapers, notification sounds, and video are a commodity, and many smaller apps and websites
offer this content both free and for a fee. We believe that our Zedge app has a competitive advantage due to its: 

large user base; 

one-stop shop approach which avails customers of ringtones, wallpapers, notification sounds, and video wallpapers within
the same Android app; 

modular approach that allows the customer to selectively choose what they would like to personalize without handing over the core
elements of the native operating system to a third party and overwhelming the user with a myriad of complex options; 

large content catalogue; 

proprietary recommendation engine; and 

market ranking and longevity. 

Advertisers . We face significant competition for advertising spend on our Zedge app from both digital media providers and traditional
media outlets, including television, radio and print, many of which have significantly more resources than us. 

Content creators . There are many websites and mobile apps that focus on offering content creators an eco-system in which they
can market and sell their digital art. Yet, we are not aware of many that as of July 31, 2021 had access to an embedded customer base
with approximately 34 million MAU, which we believe makes our Zedge app more attractive to many content creators. 

Rapid-Paced and Changing World of Mobile App Development. The mobile app eco-system changes quickly and regularly with new
apps capturing massive audiences competing for consumer s time, mindshare and money. This is an ongoing competitive threat requiring
us to do our best to adapt as necessary to remain relevant and meaningful. 

Our Strategy 

We believe that mobile phone users enjoy personalizing their phones
with mobile personalization content. Our Zedge app provide consumers, globally, with a rich array of high-quality personalization content
used to express their essence, individuality, and voice in an easy, entertaining and immersive fashion. Professional artists, individual
creators and brands turn to our Zedge platform for marketing and distributing their content to our consumers. Our Zedge app currently
offers a rich and diverse catalogue of wallpapers, video wallpapers, ringtones, notification sounds on Android and wallpapers, video wallpapers,
app icons and ringtones, on iOS. In the future, we may offer new content verticals and enhanced features in our Zedge app. 

To date, our Zedge app has been installed approximately 511 million
times as of July 31, 2021 and has consistently ranked in the top free apps in the Google Play store in the United States. The overwhelming
majority of our Zedge app s downloads have been organic in nature without our investing in paid user-acquisition campaigns. Our
Zedge app continues to serve as a low-cost user acquisition channel. 

Our vision calls for utilizing our Zedge app s digital publishing
platform to not only continue being one of the world s leading mobile personalization content apps but to also use this platform
to publish new stand-alone apps that extend our value proposition in entertainment and possibly other verticals. We have engineered the
platform to support an array of digital content enabling us to launch new apps with relative ease and speed. We want to capitalize on
our Zedge app s existing large install base as well as organic search traffic across the web and in the app stores as a low-cost
user acquisition channel for these new entertainment apps. Our goal is to ensure that these new apps are equally valuable and viable across
both Android and iOS. 

4 

If we execute our vision, we would build a network of apps which can
be used for cross-promotional purposes. We identified the entertainment market as our focal point for new apps because we believe that
apps in that market: 

generally overlap well with the demographic of our Zedge app s existing customer base; 

enjoy a higher frequency of use when compared to our Zedge app enabling the potential for both a subscription and ad-based monetization
model; and 

allow for us to attract new users who may not be interested in our Zedge app s personalization content. 

In fiscal 2020 we introduced the Shortz Chat Stories
by Zedge app, as a beta. It is our first foray in the entertainment vertical and is dedicated to offering Chat Stories, 
which are serialized, short-form fiction rendered in a text-message format and more recently as mini-podcasts. 

Our Zedge app s strong position as a leading platform for personalization
content that consumers use to express their essence, individuality, and voice in an easy, entertaining and immersive fashion remains critical
to our business. In order to maintain this position, we are concentrating our efforts on the following goals: 

Continue growing our Zedge app s user base, globally . We expect to continue devoting resources to grow our Zedge app s
user base by: 

studying its users needs and enhancing our app to meet those needs; 

developing and offering new features and services in the Zedge app that are relevant to new users interested in personalized digital
content; 

Investing in paid user acquisition campaigns that we believe can yield profitable customers, primarily in well-developed markets;
and 

expanding our Zedge app s reach by collaborating with strategic partners. 

Improve our Zedge app s monetization . We will continue exploring additional monetization methods for our Zedge app, including
in-app purchases, one-of-a-kind and limited-edition content, subscription models, e-commerce, new advertising products and brand sponsorships.
We believe that our Zedge app s large and expanding customer base is an attractive medium for advertisers, brands and artists and
that this will result in new monetization opportunities for our Zedge app over time as well as an appealing audience to promote our new
apps. 

Ongoing product and technology investment in our Zedge app . We plan to make continued, selected investments in product feature
sets and functionalities of our Zedge app in order to both maintain its userbase and attract new users and artists and position its content
contributors for optimal success in achieving their marketing and sales goals. Some of these initiatives include ongoing investment in
our Zedge app s search and discovery, content recommendations, supporting new content verticals, improving our Zedge app s
self-serve platform, and connecting creators with relevant end users via our Zedge app. 

Leverage first-party data and usage insights . We plan to utilize first-party data and usage insights to optimize the product
by offering personalized recommendations and content feeds, improved search and content discovery, and optimized pricing. 

Building our Zedge app into a best-of-breed platform for artists and creators . Our goal is to build our Zedge app into a platform
that artists view as prioritizing their needs ahead of other platforms and addressing all aspects of their marketing and revenue generation
goals including, but not limited to, ease in managing their virtual storefront, promotion, education, reporting and distribution. 

Increase our marketing efforts for our Zedge app . Historically, we haven t invested materially in marketing initiatives
for our Zedge app. Going forward, we envision the need to better promote our Zedge app and to amplify our Zedge app s value proposition
to artists and individual creators. We envisage these creators and influencers and brands self-promoting their availability on our Zedge
app in order to extend their reach, generating incremental income and drive more end-user traffic to our platform. Furthermore, we also
plan to scale up paid user acquisition focusing on users that we believe can yield profitable customers and also continue to invest in
app store optimization, search, marketing automation, social marketing and community management in order to retain and expand our Zedge
app s customer base. 

5 

Diversify our revenue by developing and offering new apps . Historically, the vast majority of our revenue has been derived
from our Zedge app. Without losing focus on our Zedge app, we plan to diversify our revenue by developing and offering new apps that will
leverage our technology and management team. For example, in December 2019, we completed the beta launch of Shortz our new
entertainment app offering serialized, short-form fiction delivered in a text-message format across both Android and iOS and in August
of 2021 we acquired Emojipedia, the world s leading authority dedicated to providing up to date and well-researched emoji definitions,
information, and news. We expect Emojipedia will contribute to diversifying our portfolio of digital brands, revenue generators, and customer
base. 

Selectively pursue strategic investments, partnerships and acquisitions . On a selective basis, we will look to invest in, partner
with or purchase entities that can provide synergistic growth opportunities for our Zedge app and otherwise. For example, on August 1,
2021 we acquired Emojipedia, the world s leading authority dedicated to providing up to date and well-researched emoji definitions,
information, and news as well as World Emoji Day and the annual World Emoji Awards, and Emojitracker, which provides real time visualization
of all emoji symbols used on Twitter. Emojipedia does not offer a mobile app and we expect to test offering their content via an in-app
experience and capitalizing on our userbase base of close to 35 million monthly active users. We plan to leverage our understanding of
web based businesses and the smartphone industry to pursue additional opportunities that we believe can impact our business in a materially
positive fashion. 

Our History 

In 2003, Tom Arnoy, Kenneth Sundnes and Paul Shaw launched a consumer
website at www.zedge.net that people used to upload and download ringtones. 

In December 2006, IDT Corporation acquired 90 of Zedge. Zedge Holdings,
Inc. was incorporated in Delaware in 2008, and our name was changed to Zedge, Inc. in 2016. 

In 2009, we introduced the Android version of our Zedge app. The Zedge
app provided ease-of-use by negating the need for customers to first download a ringtone or wallpaper to their computer and then upload
that content to their mobile phone. 

We launched the iOS version of our Zedge app in 2013, followed by launch
of the Windows Mobile Zedge app in 2014. 

During 2014 and 2015, our Zedge app introduced app icons, social sharing
features and marketing automation capabilities, and expanded the number of languages supported. 

In 2016, IDT Corporation spun off our stock to its stockholders, and
our Class B Common Stock was listed on the NYSE American with the ticker symbol ZDGE . 

In March 2018, we completed the launch of Zedge Premium, our marketplace
that is part of the Zedge app where artists and brands can market, distribute and sell to our users their digital content, including wallpapers,
ringtones, video wallpapers and stickers . 

In January 2019, we started testing a subscription-based product on
the Android version of our Zedge app, whereby users could prepay a monthly or yearly fee to remove unsolicited ads when using our Zedge
app. As of July 31, 2021, we had approximately 752,000 active paid subscribers. 

In December 2019, we completed the beta launch of Shortz ,
our new entertainment app offering serialized, short-form fiction delivered in a text-message format across both Android and iOS, focusing
on users in the United States, the United Kingdom and Canada and it is now available globally. 

In August 2020, Jonathan Reich was promoted to Chief Executive Officer
and Yi Tsai was promoted to Chief Financial Officer. 

On August 1, 2021, we acquired Emojipedia, the world s leading
authority dedicated to providing up-to-date and well-researched emoji definitions, information, and news as well as World Emoji Day and
the annual World Emoji Awards, and Emojitracker, which provides real time visualization of all emoji symbols used on Twitter. 

6 

Our Technology 

Our Zedge app is powered by a scalable distributed platform that is
comprised of both open source and proprietary technologies centered on content management and discovery, web and app development, data
mining and analytics, deep learning, mobile content/device compatibility, advertising and reporting. We have built a robust platform that
allows us to ideate, test, and launch where warranted by the outcome and we have embraced machine learning throughout our technology stack
in order to improve content recommendations and relevancy. From an end user s perspective, our Zedge app s platform minimizes
response latency while maximizing content relevancy and discoverability. We optimize our platform by utilizing systems, algorithms and
heuristics that organize our Zedge app s content based upon real user data and that renders the content in a relevant fashion. Our
infrastructure provides a fully redundant production environment in a cloud-hosted, virtual-server environment. 

Intellectual Property 

Our trademarks, copyrights, domain names, proprietary technology, knowhow
and other intellectual property are vital to our success. We seek to protect our intellectual property rights by relying on federal, state
and common law rights in the United States and other countries, as well as contractual restrictions. We enter into confidentiality and
nondisclosure agreements with our employees and business partners. The agreements we enter into with our employees also provide that all
software, inventions, developments, works of authorship and trade secrets created by them during the course of their employment are our
property. 

We have been granted trademark protection for Zedge in
the United States, European Union, United Kingdom, India and Canada and for Tonesync in the European Union and the United
Kingdom, and We Make Phones Personal and Shortz Chat Stories by Zedge in the United States. We also
have applied for trademark protection for Tattoo your phone and Zedge, Everything You in the United States,
and have obtained a copyright registration for our flagship app, Zedge. In addition, we have registered, amongst others, the following
domain names: www.zedge.net and www.zedge.com. 

On August 1, 2021, we acquired Emojipedia. As part of this acquisition,
we acquired trademark registrations for Emojipedia in the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom, China and
Australia, and trademark registrations for World Emoji Day in the United States and United Kingdom. We also acquired the
following domain name registrations: www.emojipedia.com and www.emojipedia.org. 

Employees 

As of July 31, 2021, we had 51 full-time and 2 part-time employees. 

Facilities 

As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic we ceased having a physical office
in the United States in 2020. Yet, we still address commercial operations including accounting and finance, and business development from
the New York area. In 2021, we moved into a smaller Trondheim, Norway facility, with approximately 3,800 square feet of space, accommodates
our product, design and technology teams and is under lease through March 2024. We also lease a satellite development center in Vilnius,
Lithuania. Our servers are hosted in leased data centers in different geographic locations in the United States. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Our business, operating results or financial condition could be
materially adversely affected by any of the following risks associated with any one of our businesses, as well as the other risks highlighted
elsewhere in this document, particularly the discussions about competition. The trading price of our Class B common stock could decline
due to any of these risks. 

If our digital brands including our Zedge app and Emojipedia
fail to attract advertisers or if its advertisers reduce their spending with us, our revenues, profitability and prospects may be materially
and adversely affected. 

In fiscal 2021, approximately 80 of our revenues were generated from
our Zedge app selling advertising inventory. We anticipate that our growth and profitability will continue to depend on our ability to
sell our advertising inventory. Companies that advertise with us may choose to utilize other advertising channels or may reduce or eliminate
their marketing altogether for a variety of reasons, many of which are out of our control, including, without limitation, if the demand
for mobile phone personalization industry declines or otherwise falls out of favor with advertisers or consumers. 

If the size of the digital advertising market does not increase from
current levels, or if our Zedge app and/or Emojipedia website are unable to capture and retain a sufficient share of that market, our
ability to maintain or increase our current level of advertising revenues and our revenues, profitability and prospects could be materially
and adversely affected. 

7 

The digital advertising market may deteriorate or develop more
slowly than expected, which could materially harm our business and results of operations. 

We generate substantial majority of our revenue from our Zedge app
and from our Emojipedia website selling advertising inventory. We anticipate that our growth and profitability will continue to depend
on our ability to sell advertising inventory across our digital brands. 

Mobile connected devices, especially smartphones, are a relatively
new advertising medium. Advertisers have historically spent a smaller portion of their advertising budgets on mobile media as compared
to traditional advertising methods, such as television, newspapers, radio and billboards, or online advertising over the internet, such
as placing banner ads on websites. 

Future demand and market acceptance for mobile advertising is uncertain.
Many advertisers still have limited experience with mobile advertising and may continue to devote larger portions of their advertising
budgets to more traditional offline or online personal computer-based advertising, instead of shifting additional advertising resources
to mobile advertising. 

Further, our advertisers ability to effectively target their
advertising to our user s interests may be negatively impacted by the degree to which our privacy control measures that we have
implemented or may implement in the future in connection with regulations, regulatory actions, the user experience, or otherwise, and
our advertising revenue may decrease or otherwise be curtailed as a result. Changes to operating systems practices and policies,
such as Apple s deprecating the Identifier for Advertisers IDFA and Google s expected deprecation of tracking
cookies may also reduce the quantity and quality of the data and metrics that can be collected or used by us and our partners.
These limitations may adversely affect our advertisers ability to effectively target advertisements and measure their performance,
which could reduce the demand and pricing for our advertising products and harm our business. As such, our digital property s current
and potential advertiser clients may ultimately find digital advertising to be less effective than traditional advertising media or marketing
methods or other technologies for promoting their products and services, and they may even reduce their spending on mobile advertising
from current levels as a result or for other reasons. 

If the market for mobile advertising deteriorates, or develops more
slowly than we expect, we may not be able to increase our revenues or our revenues and profitability could decline materially. 

We may not be successful in diversifying our revenue mix to
reduce our significant dependence on third-party advertisers. 

In fiscal 2021, approximately 80 of our revenues were generated from
our Zedge app selling advertising inventory. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in diversifying our revenue mix by identifying
new revenue drivers that complement our advertising-heavy business. Although we have had initial success in converting freemium users
into paid subscribers, starting with zero in January 2019 and ending fiscal 2021 with approximately 752,000, there is no guarantee that
we will continue growing at this pace or how many of our current subscribers will remain as paying subscribers. To date, Zedge Premium
has taken longer to scale than we originally anticipated, and we have not experienced the success that we anticipated by selling print-on-demand
merchandise which sells at a higher price unit price than the other digital goods that we offer. We previously thought that certain marketers
would embrace our platform as a critical distribution medium enabling us to secure a recurring set of advertisers willing to pay for sponsorships,
but this has not yet occurred and may not occur. Finally, Android users are prone to spend less money in apps than iOS users. Even if
our new initiatives are successful with our Android users, we may not able to replicate that success on iOS, especially since we have
fewer iOS users. 

Our revenues may fluctuate materially due to increases and decreases
of new mobile device sales, over which we have no control. 

Our revenue may be materially negatively impacted by a decrease or
slowdown in new mobile device sales. Demand for mobile devices correlates to installs of the Zedge app and associated usage and revenue
generation. 

Initially the COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted our Zedge app s
new user growth. New smartphone sales suffered as a result of retail business closures, negatively impacting new user growth, especially
in well-developed markets. Assuming the retail business rebounds from the COVID-19 pandemic, we expect that our Zedge app s new
user growth will also recover and we will benefit accordingly but there can no assurance of such rebound or new user growth. 

If new mobile device sales decrease or slowdown, our Zedge app will
experience fewer installations which will negatively impact our revenue and operations. 

8 

If mobile connected devices, their operating systems or content
distribution channels develop in ways that violate policies of Google Play or the App Store, prevent users from downloading our Zedge
app or block advertising from being delivered to our Zedge app s users, our ability to grow our revenues, profitability and prospects
may be materially and adversely affected. 

Our business model depends upon the continued compatibility between
our Zedge app and the major mobile operating systems. Third parties with whom we do not have any formal relationships control the design
of mobile devices and operating systems. These parties frequently introduce new devices, and from time to time they may introduce new
operating systems or modify existing ones. Network carriers, including but not limited to Verizon, AT T or T-Mobile, may also impact
the ability to download apps or access specified content on mobile devices. 

We rely upon third-party distribution platforms, including the Google
Play store and Apple s App Store, for distribution of our Zedge app. The Google Play store and Apple s App Store are global
application distribution platforms and the main distribution channels for our Zedge app. As such, the promotion, distribution and operation
of our Zedge app are subject to the respective distribution platforms standard terms and policies for application developers, which
are very broad and subject to frequent changes and interpretation. Furthermore, the distribution platforms may not enforce their standard
terms and policies for application developers consistently and uniformly across all applications and with all publishers. 

For example, in September 2019, our Zedge app was temporarily removed
from Google Play because they asserted that the Zedge app violated their malicious behavior policy. As a result, prospective Android users
were prevented from installing our Zedge app, freemium users were unable to convert into paying subscribers and existing users we unable
to purchase Zedge Credits. Shortly after the notice was issued, two of our major advertising suppliers ceased serving advertisements to
our Zedge app. In addition, Google Play sent a notification to users that had the problematic version of the app on their phone recommending
that they uninstall it. We identified the source of the problem as buggy code from a long-term, third-party advertising partner s
standard technology integration in our app. We corrected the problem by removing the offensive code, releasing a new version of our app
and our Zedge app was reinstated after approximately 72 hours and concurrently the two major advertising suppliers resumed purchasing
our advertising inventory. We estimate the immediate financial impact of the suspension resulted in approximately 100,000 in lost revenue
and a material decline in MAU with the majority of uninstalls in emerging markets. 

In addition, if any of these providers were to limit or disable advertising
on their platforms, devices or operating systems, either because of technological constraints or because a maker of these devices, developer
of these operating systems or owner of these distribution platforms wished to impair our ability to serve ads on them, our Zedge app s
ability to generate revenues could be significantly harmed. Also, technologies may be developed that can block the display of our Zedge
app s ads. Most of our revenues are derived from fees paid to us by our Zedge app s advertisers in connection with the display
of ads. As a result, ad-blocking technology could materially adversely affect our business, revenues and profitability. 

Certain material functions related to our business depend on
a single supplier to carry out our business, and the inability to do business with this supplier could have a materially adverse effect
on our business and financial results. 

We depend on Google and its affiliated companies for multiple material
functions related to our business, including advertising on our Zedge app and certain cloud services, and we expect to expand the services
provided by Google in fiscal 2022. If the services of Google that we depend on were unavailable, or available only in decreased capacity
or at less advantageous terms, this could result in interruptions to our ability to provide certain services, could cause reduction in
service and/or quality as the function is transitioned to an alternate provider, if an alternate provider is available, or could increase
our cost, which we may not be able to pass along to customers. Accordingly, any of these events could materially and negatively impact
our business, our revenues, our profits, and our relationships with customers. 

If technologies designed to block the display of advertisements
or if in the future web browsers limit or block behavioral targeting technologies. our revenues may be adversely affected. 

Our apps and Emojipedia may suffer negative consequences, including
a material reduction of revenue, with mass adoption of website ad blocking technologies or other technologies that limit the ability to
personalize advertisements, including, without limitation, if the price for this advertising inventory declines. 

Although we had positive cash flow from operating activities
and net earnings in fiscal 2021, we had previously incurred, and may once again incur, net losses and experience negative cash flow from
operating activities in the future and may not be able to obtain additional capital in a timely manner or on acceptable terms, or at all. 

Our net income in fiscal 2021 was 8.2 million compared to net loss
of 0.6 million in and fiscal 2020. Our ability to maintain profitability and positive cash flow from operating activities depends on
various factors, including but not limited to, the acceptance of our products and services by mobile phone and internet users, the growth
and maintenance of our user base, our ability to maintain existing and obtain new advertisers, our ability to grow our revenues, the success
of Zedge Premium and paid subscriptions, and the effectiveness of our new product initiatives, selling and marketing activities as well
as control our costs and expenses. We may not be able to sustain profitability or positive cash flow from operating activities, and any
such positive cash flow may not be sufficient to satisfy our anticipated capital expenditures and other cash needs. As such, we may not
be able to fund our operating expenses and expenditures out of cash flows, which would require us to utilize debt or equity financing
which we may not be able to secure or which we may only secure on terms that are not favorable, which, which may result in significant
dilution or voluntary or involuntary dissolution or liquidation proceeding of us and a total loss of your investment. 

9 

Our limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate
our business and prospects and may increase your investment risk. 

We have only a limited operating history upon which you can evaluate
our business and prospects. Although we experienced impressive year-over-year revenue growth of 107 in fiscal 2021 our growth in fiscal
2020 was moderate and even declined in fiscal 2019. As part of the nascent mobile advertising industry, we will encounter risks and difficulties
frequently encountered by early-stage companies in rapidly evolving industries, including the need to: 

maintain our reputation and build trust with our advertiser and developer clients; 

offer competitive pricing to both advertisers and developers; 

maintain and expand our network of advertising space through which we deliver mobile advertising campaigns; 

deliver advertising results that are superior to those that advertisers or developers could achieve directly or through the use of
competing providers or technologies; 

continue to develop and upgrade the technologies that enable us to provide mobile advertising services; 

respond to evolving government regulations relating to the internet, telecommunications, privacy, direct marketing and advertising
aspects of our business; 

identify, attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel; and 

manage our expanding operations. 

If we do not successfully address any or all of these risks, our business,
revenues and profitability could be materially adversely affected. 

If we fail to maintain and enhance our various brands, or if
we incur excessive expenses in this effort, our business, results of operations and prospects may be materially and adversely affected. 

We believe that maintaining and enhancing our brand and reputation
important to the success of our business. Historically, we have not made material investments in this effort. We believe that a well-recognized
and respected brand is important to increasing the number of users and enhancing our attractiveness to advertisers and business partners.
Brand recognition and enhancement may directly affect our ability to maintain our market position. 

Many factors, some of which are beyond our control, are important to
maintaining and enhancing our various brands and may negatively impact our brand and reputation if not properly managed, such as our ability
to: 

maintain an easy and reliable user experience as user preferences evolve and as our brands expand into new service categories and
new service lines; 

remain relevant to users with a plethora of other content offerings and entertainment platforms; 

increase brand awareness among existing and potential users, advertisers and content providers through various marketing and promotional
activities; 

adopt new technologies or adapt its products and services to meet user needs or emerging industry standards; and 

distinguish it from the competition and maintain this distinction. 

In the future, we may conduct various marketing and brand promotion
activities to expand our brand. Some of these may require material investment. We cannot assure you, however, that these activities will
be successful or that we will be able to achieve the brand promotion effect we expect. In addition, any negative publicity in relation
to our mobile internet products, websites or services could harm our brand and reputation. 

10 

We have received, and expect to continue to receive, complaints from
users regarding the quality of our products and services. If our users complaints are not addressed to their satisfaction, our
reputation and our market position could be significantly harmed, which may materially and adversely affect our business, revenues and
profitability. 

We may not be able to continually meet our users demands
and retain or expand our user base, and our revenues, profitability and prospects may be materially and adversely affected. 

Although we constantly monitor and research our users demands,
we may be unable to meet them on an ongoing basis or anticipate future user needs. A decrease in the number of users engaging with our
products and services may have a material and adverse effect on our ability to sell advertising and on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. In order to attract and retain users and remain competitive, we must continue to innovate our products and
services, improve user experience, and implement new technologies and functionalities. 

The internet business is characterized by constant changes, including
but not limited to rapid technological evolution, continual shifts in user demands, frequent introductions of new products and services
and constant emergence of new industry standards and practices. As a result, our Zedge users may leave us for our competitors products
and services more quickly than in other sectors. Thus, our success will depend, in part, on our ability to respond to these changes in
a timely and cost-effective basis, including improving and marketing our existing products and services and developing and pricing new
products and services in response to evolving user needs. Our ability to successfully retain or expand our user base will depend on our
ability to achieve the following, among others: 

anticipate and effectively respond to the growing number of internet users in general and our users in particular; 

attract, retain and motivate talented application designers, product managers and engineers who have experience developing personalization
products or other mobile internet products and services; 

effectively market our existing and new mobile internet products in response to evolving user needs; 

develop in a timely fashion and launch new products and features, and develop and launch other internet products cost-effectively; 

funnel our existing users and prospects into new products that we develop, independent of our current product suite, and convert them
into recurring users of these new products; 

successfully recruit new artists, individual creators and brands that offer their content to our Zedge app s users; 

attract and retain writers and actors for Shortz; 

further improve our Zedge app platform to provide a compelling and optimal user experience through integration of products and services
provided by existing and new third-party developers or business partners; and 

continue to provide quality content to attract and retain our users and advertisers. 

We cannot assure you that our existing products and services, including
our Zedge app and Emojipedia, will remain sufficiently popular with our users. We may be unsuccessful in adding compelling new enhancements;
products and services to further diversify these product offerings. Unexpected technical, commercial or operational problems could delay
or prevent the introduction of one or more of our new products or services to our users. Moreover, we cannot be sure that any of our new
products and services, including Zedge Premium, our subscription offering, Shortz or Emojipedia, will achieve widespread market acceptance
or generate incremental revenue the way our existing Zedge app s products and services have. If we fail to continue to achieve sufficient
user satisfaction through our products or services or if our products and services fail to meet our expectation to maintain and expand
our user base, our business, results of operations and financial condition will be materially and adversely affected. 

Our marketplace for premium content, called Zedge Premium, may
not yield the strategic goals and objectives that we envision, and our revenues, profitability and prospects may be materially and adversely
negatively affected. 

Our marketplace where we charge our users for premium content in our
Zedge app is called Zedge Premium. Although we believe that Zedge Premium will act as an important driver in helping our Zedge app become
a leading platform for professional artists, individual creators and brands looking to distribute their work to consumers looking for
an easy, entertaining and unique way to express their voice, individuality and essence, it s premature to conclude this as being
the case. 

11 

Zedge Premium s gross transaction revenue has been growing slowly,
but it is still too early to state with conviction that Zedge Premium will have a materially positive impact on our business. In order
to do so, we still need, among other things, to: 

demonstrate that a critical mass of artists, individual creators and brands will offer their content to our Zedge app s users; 

continue to add new premium content verticals, with ample content in each vertical, to secure end-user demand and consumption; 

continue to ensure that our Zedge app is building best-of-breed tools for content contributors in Zedge Premium that, amongst other
things, meet their needs with respect to marketing, distribution, monetization, reporting, support, and ease of use; 

continue to develop a wide array of monetization mechanisms for Zedge Premium in order to optimize revenue generation; 

successfully market to the creative community and secure their adoption of our Zedge Premium platform as a must-have in their omnichannel
distribution mix; 

establish that Zedge Premium can be valuable to a sufficient number of creators in achieving their marketing and monetization objectives;
and 

continue to offer an excellent and differentiated consumer experience in Zedge Premium, including all end-user facing attributes ranging
from the user interface to customer support. 

If Zedge Premium fails to yield the strategic goals and objectives
that we envision, our business, results of operations and financial condition will be materially and adversely affected. 

Our Zedge app s user base is heavily weighted to the Android
operating system and our revenues and profitability may suffer if the market demand for Android smartphones decreases. 

Our Zedge app s user base is heavily weighted to smartphones
running the Android operating system, which constituted approximately 96 of its MAU as of July 31, 2021, and most of our revenues for
fiscal 2021. Any significant downturn in the overall demand for Android smartphones or the use of Android smartphones could significantly
and adversely affect the demand for our Zedge app and would materially affect our revenues. 

Although the Android smartphone market has grown rapidly in recent
years, it is uncertain whether the Android smartphone market will continue growing at a similar rate in the future. In addition, due to
the constantly evolving nature of the smartphone industry, another operating system for smartphones may eclipse the Android operating
system and result in a decline in its popularity, which would likely adversely affect our Zedge app s popularity. To the extent
that our Zedge app continues to be operated on Android smartphones and to the extent that our future revenues substantially depend on
the use and sales of Android smartphones, our business and financial results would be vulnerable to any downturns in the Android smartphone
market. 

We may not be able to effectively manage our growth or implement
our future business strategies, in which case our business and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

Our continued success depends on our ability to grow each of the properties
in our brand portfolio. 

We may not be capable of growing our Zedge apps organically, attract
new artists and establish cooperation with strategic partners. Our Zedge app has experienced periods of rapid growth and expansion that
has placed, and continues to place, significant strain on our management and resources. We cannot assure you that these periods will recur
or be sustainable. We believe that continued growth of our Zedge app will depend on our ability to develop and enhance its products and
services, attract new artists and individual creators, grow its user base, retain existing users, continue developing innovative technologies
in response to user demand, increase brand awareness through marketing and promotional activities, react to changes in market trends,
expand into new market segments, attract new advertisers, retain existing advertisers and take advantage of the growth in the relevant
markets. We cannot assure you that our Zedge app will achieve any or all of the above. 

We may not be successful in increasing the number of users that engage
with Emojipedia, maintain our relationship with various content partners like Google, Twitter and Apple or sustain our high rankings with
the leading search engines including Google. We believe the Emojipedia s continued success depends on our ability to invest in product
initiatives like localization, provide newsworthy and value-added information and capture the changes that are taking place in the industry
in a timely fashion. In the event that we are not successful in some or all of these areas we may not be able to retain our customers
and advertisers. 

12 

We may need to invest in paid user acquisition in order to grow our
Zedge s customer base. However, we may not be able to secure new users at scale with a positive return on investment. Even if we
can secure new profitable customers these new customers may be seasonal and/or unsustainable. 

To manage our Zedge app s growth and for us to attain and maintain
profitability, we will also need to further expand, train, manage and motivate our workforce and manage our relationships with users,
consultants, business partners and advertisers. We anticipate that we will need to implement a variety of enhanced and upgraded operational
and financial systems, procedures and controls, including the improvement of our accounting and other internal management systems. All
of these endeavors involve risks and will require substantial management efforts and skills and additional expenditures. 

Our Zedge app and Emojipedia currently enjoy a global customer base.
This geographic diversification may raise the level of difficulty in managing their future growth and profitability. We cannot assure
you that our current and planned personnel, systems, procedures and controls will be adequate to support our future operations. In addition,
we cannot assure you that we will be able to effectively manage our growth or implement our future business strategies effectively, and
failure to do so may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

During the past five years, we have experienced a shift in our Zedge
app s regional customer make-up with MAU increasing in the emerging markets and decreasing in the well-developed markets. In fiscal
2021, our Zedge app s users in the emerging markets grew by 16.1 while its users in the well-developed regions declined 11.5 when
compared to fiscal 2020. India comprised 25 of our MAU as of July 31, 2021. This shift has negatively impacted revenues because the well-developed
markets command materially higher advertising rates when compared to those in the emerging markets. Although we are investing in reversing
this trend, we may not be successful in this effort which may result in lower revenues and profitability. 

Our products may contain errors, flaws or failures that may only become
apparent after their release, especially in updates to our Zedge app. From time to time, we receive user feedback in connection with errors,
flaws or failures and such errors, flaws or failures may also come to our attention during our internal testing process. We generally
have been able to resolve such errors, flaws or failures in a timely manner, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to detect and
resolve all of them effectively or in a timely manner. Errors, flaws or failures in our services and products, including our Zedge app,
may adversely affect user experience and cause our users to stop using our services and products, which could materially and adversely
affect our business and results of operations. 

We may not be able to convert freemium users into paying subscribers
or maintain paying subscribers for more than a year. 

Much of our growth in our Zedge s app s MAU since January
2019 is attributable to offering a paid subscription option which is weighted to securing annual prepaid subscriptions. In addition, approximately,
45 of annual subscribers have renewed their subscription for a second year while approximately 60 of those subscribers have renewed
their subscription for a third year. Depending on the success of our product, the evolution of subscriptions and items beyond our control
users may opt not to convert into paying subscribers and/or paying subscribers may choose not to renew their subscriptions. Either of
these would adversely impact the business. During the second half of fiscal 2021, active subscription numbers were flat as new subscriptions
were offset by cancellations during the period. This trend may continue into future periods. 

We do not have long-term agreements with our advertisers, and
we may be unable to retain existing advertisers, attract new advertisers or replace departing advertisers with advertisers that can provide
comparable revenues to us, in which case our business and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

In fiscal 2021, approximately 80 of our revenues were generated from
our Zedge app selling advertising inventory. We anticipate that our growth and profitability will continue to depend on our ability to
effectively sell and optimize our advertising inventory. Our success requires us to maintain and expand our current advertiser relationships
and to develop new relationships. 

Our contracts with our Zedge app s and Emojipedia s advertising
partners generally do not include long-term obligations requiring them to purchase our inventory and are cancelable upon short or no notice
and without penalty. Furthermore, the majority of our advertisers buy our inventory via third-party platforms and bidding exchanges that
own the relationship with the advertiser. As a result, we may have limited visibility as to our future advertising revenue streams. 

We cannot assure you that advertisers will continue to purchase our
inventory, or that we will be able to replace, in a timely or effective manner, departing advertisers with new advertisers that generate
comparable revenue. If one or more major advertisers representing a significant portion of our business decide to materially reduce its
advertising spend with us or cease purchasing our Zedge app s advertising inventory, our revenues and profitability could be significantly
reduced. 

13 

Furthermore, MoPub, a fully owned division of Twitter, has been our
ad mediation platform for the past ten years and is in the process of being purchased by AppLovin a provider of advanced tools for mobile
app developers to grow their businesses by automating and optimizing the marketing and monetization of their apps. In the event that this
transaction closes it is possible that MoPub s mediation platform will be deprecated requiring us to migrate to a different mediation
platform. This will not only require resource and time investment, which may slow down are ability to deliver other product initiatives
but may also negatively impact the demand for and pricing of our advertising inventory. 

Our products face competition in all aspects of its business.
If our Zedge app fails to compete effectively or if its reputation is damaged, our business, financial condition and results of operations
may be materially and adversely affected. 

Although our Zedge app is currently a leading platform for smartphone
personalization end Emojipedia is a leading provider for emoji related content and information, we cannot guarantee that either of these
properties will be able to maintain their leadership position. Both of these properties face potential competition from other internet
companies, app developers and smartphone manufacturers, and new market entrants may also emerge. If we are not able to differentiate our
products from that of our competitors, drive value for our customers, and/or effectively align our resources with our goals and objectives,
we may not be able to compete effectively against our competitors. Our failure to compete effectively against any of the foregoing competitive
threats could materially and adversely harm our business. Increased competition may result in new products and offerings which may in
turn require us to take actions to retain and attract our users and advertisers in such a fashion which would lower our gross margins.
If we fail to compete effectively, our market share would decrease and our results from operations, revenues and profits would be materially
and adversely affected. 

Our Zedge app in the midst of expanding beyond mobile phone personalization
and focusing on becoming a distribution platform for professional artists, individual creators and brands interested in offering their
content to consumers that are looking for an easy, entertaining and unique way of using this content to express their voice, individuality
and essence. We aspire to have our Zedge app be the destination that smartphone users turn to when looking for mobile optimized, digital
content. If we are unsuccessful in meeting our goal, our brand may suffer resulting in diluting our value proposition, losing MAU and
having lower revenues and profits. 

If we are not able to effectively compete in any aspect of our business
or if our reputation is harmed by rumors or allegations regarding our business or business practices, our overall user base may decline,
making it less attractive to advertisers. We may be required to spend additional resources to further increase our brand recognition and
promote our products and services, and such additional spending could adversely affect our profitability. 

If we fail to keep up with rapid technological changes in the
internet and smartphone industries and adapt our products and services accordingly, our results of operations and future growth may be
adversely affected. 

The internet and smartphone industries are characterized by rapid and
innovative technological changes. Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to respond to fast changing technologies, adapt
our products and services to evolving industry standards and improve the performance, functionality and reliability of our products and
services. Our failure to continue to adapt to such changes could harm our business. If we are slow to develop products and services that
are compatible with smartphones, or if the products and services we develop are not widely accepted and used by smartphone users, we may
not be able to capture a significant share of this important market. In addition, the widespread adoption of new internet, networking
or telecommunications technologies or other technological changes for smartphones could require substantial expenditures to modify or
adapt our products, services or infrastructure. If we fail to keep up with rapid and innovative technological changes to remain competitive,
our future growth may be materially and adversely affected and our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

14 

Our international operations and availability expose us to additional
risks that could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

In addition to uncertainty about our ability to continue expanding
and monetizing internationally, there are additional risks inherent in doing business internationally, including: 

tariffs, trade barriers, customs classifications and changes in trade regulations. For example, in May 2019, the United Stated banned
U.S. companies from doing business with Huawei, a major smartphone manufacturer, the result of which is that our Zedge app will not be
available on new Huawei phones, and in 2020 the United States threatened to ban TikTok from the U.S. market; 

difficulties in developing, staffing, and simultaneously managing foreign operations as a result of distance, language, and cultural
differences; 

stringent local labor laws and regulations; 

strict and unclear laws around data privacy; 

longer payment cycles; 

credit risk and higher levels of payment fraud; 

profit repatriation restrictions and foreign currency exchange restrictions; 

political or social unrest, economic instability, repression, or human rights issues; 

geopolitical events, including natural disasters, acts of war and terrorism; 

import or export regulations; 

compliance with U.S. laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and local laws prohibiting bribery and corrupt payments to government
officials; 

antitrust and competition regulations; 

potentially adverse tax developments; 

seasonal volatility in business activity and local economic conditions; 

economic uncertainties relating to European sovereign and other debt; 

laws, regulations, licensing requirements, and business practices that favor local competitors or prohibit foreign ownership or investments; 

laws, regulations or rulings that block or limit access to our products; 

different, uncertain or more stringent user protection, content, data protection, privacy, intellectual property and other laws; and 

risks related to other government regulation, required compliance with local laws or lack of legal precedent. 

We are subject to numerous and sometimes conflicting U.S. and foreign
laws and regulations that increase our cost of doing business. Violations of these complex laws and regulations that apply to our international
operations could result in damages, awards, fines, litigation, criminal actions, sanctions, or penalties against us, our officers or our
employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business and our ability to offer products and services, and damage to our reputation. Although
we have implemented policies and procedures designed to promote compliance with these laws, there can be no assurance that our employees,
contractors, or agents will not violate our policies or that our policies will be sufficient. These risks inherent in our international
operations and expansion increase our costs of doing business internationally and could result in material harm to our business, operating
results, and financial condition. 

15 

Companies and governmental agencies may restrict access to our
website or mobile apps, or the internet generally, which could lead to the loss or slower growth of our user base, in which case our business
and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

In order to grow our business, users need to access the internet and,
in particular, our digital products. Companies and governmental agencies could block access to our websites and apps or the internet generally.
For example, in 2013 the Indian courts issued orders restraining internet service providers from providing access to various internet
domains including ours. Access to our Zedge app through any mode was blocked in many parts of India from February 2013 until August 2019
as discussed more fully in the Legal Proceedings section below and there can be no guaranties that this will not recur or happen elsewhere.
If companies or governmental entities block or limit access to our Zedge app or otherwise adopt policies restricting access to our advertiser s
products and services our business could be negatively impacted resulting in a loss or slow-down of user growth and/or revenues. 

Our core values of focusing on our users and acting for the
long-term may conflict with the short-term interests of our business. 

One of our core values is a focus on our users experience, which
we believe is essential to our success and serves the best, long-term interests of us and our stockholders. Therefore, we have made, in
the past and/or may make in the future, significant investments or changes in strategy that we think will benefit our users, even if our
decision negatively impacts our operating results in the short term. In addition, our philosophy of prioritizing our users may cause disagreements
or negatively impact our relationships with advertisers or other third parties. Our decisions may not result in the long-term benefits
that we expect, in which case the success of our business and operating results could be materially harmed. 

We had a material weakness in our internal control over financial
reporting as of July 31, 2021, and if we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls over financial reporting we may not
be able to accurately report our financial results, and current and potential stockholders may lose confidence in our financial reporting
which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock. 

We are required to establish and maintain adequate internal controls
over financial reporting that provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Likewise, we are required, on a quarterly basis, to
evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and to disclose any changes and material weaknesses in those internal controls. A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. 

In this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2021,
we reported that we had a material weakness related to the valuation allowance against deferred tax assets (see Item 9A Control and
Procedures in this Annual Report on Form 10-K). Notwithstanding the material weakness described above, we have performed additional
analyses and other procedures to enable management to conclude that our financial statements included in this Form 10-K fairly present,
in all material respects, our financial condition and results of operations as of and for the year ended July 31, 2021. Remediation of
these weaknesses had not yet been completed, and therefore these deficiencies continued to exist as of November 3, 2021. Management and
our Audit Committee will monitor remedial measures and the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures. 

While we aim to work diligently to ensure a robust internal control
that is devoid of significant deficiencies and material weaknesses, given the complexity of the accounting rules, we may, in the future,
identify additional significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over
financial reporting. Any failure to maintain or implement required new or improved controls, or any difficulties we encounter in their
implementation, could result in additional significant deficiencies or material weaknesses, cause us to fail to meet our periodic reporting
obligations or result in material misstatements in our financial statements. Any such failure could also adversely affect the results
of periodic management evaluations and annual auditor attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting required under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated under Section 404. The existence of a
material weakness could result in errors in our financial statements that could result in a restatement of financial statements, cause
us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, leading to
a decline in our stock price. See Item 9A Controls and Procedures for a further discussion of our assessment of our internal controls
over financial reporting. 

Although we believe that our remediation efforts will strengthen our
internal controls over financial reporting and address the concern that gave rise to the material weakness as of July 31, 2021, we cannot
be certain that our expanded knowledge and revised internal control practices will ensure that we maintain adequate internal control over
our financial reporting in future periods. Any failure to maintain such internal controls could adversely impact our ability to report
our financial results on a timely and accurate basis. If our financial statements are not accurate, investors may not have a complete
understanding of our operations. Likewise, if our financial statements are not filed on a timely basis as required by the Securities and
Exchange Commission and The New York Stock Exchange, we could face severe consequences from those authorities. In either case, there could
result a material adverse effect on our business. Inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported
financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock. 

Legal proceedings or allegations of impropriety could have a
material adverse impact on our reputation, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 

We have been, and may be in the future, subject to allegations or lawsuits
by entities claiming that we engage in unethical, fraudulent or otherwise inappropriate business practices. Any such lawsuit or allegation,
with or without merit, or any perceived unfair, unethical, fraudulent or inappropriate business practice by us or perceived wrong-doing
by any key member of our management team could harm our reputation and user base and distract our management from our day-to-day operations.
We cannot assure you that we will not be subject to lawsuits or allegations in the future. When we can make a reasonable estimate of the
liability relating to pending litigation and determine that an adverse liability resulting from such litigation is probable, we will record
a related contingent liability. As additional information becomes available, we will assess the potential liability and revise estimates
as appropriate. 

In fiscal years 2020 and 2021, we did not record any contingent liabilities
relating to pending litigation. When we record or revise our estimates of contingent liabilities in the future, the amount of our estimates
may be inaccurate due to the inherent uncertainties relating to litigation. In addition, the outcomes of actions we institute against
third parties may not be successful or favorable to us. Litigations and allegations against us may also generate negative publicity that
significantly harms our reputation, which may materially and adversely affect our user base and our ability to attract publishers and
advertisers. In addition to the related cost, managing and defending litigation and related indemnity obligations can significantly divert
management s and the board of directors attention from operating our business. We may also need to pay damages or settle
the litigation with a substantial amount of cash or equity. All of these could have a material adverse impact on our business, results
of operation and cash flows. 

16 

A variety of new and existing U.S. and foreign government laws
and regulations could subject us to claims, judgments, monetary liabilities and other remedies, and to limitations on our business practices,
in which case our business and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

We are subject to numerous U.S. and foreign laws and regulations covering
a wide variety of subject matters. New laws and regulations, changes in existing laws and regulations or the interpretation of them, our
introduction of new products, or an extension of our business into new areas, could increase our future compliance costs, make our products
and services less attractive to our users, or cause us to change or limit our business practices. We may incur substantial expenses to
comply with laws and regulations or defend against a claim that we have not complied with them. Further, any failure on our part to comply
with any relevant laws or regulations may subject us to significant civil or criminal liabilities, penalties, taxes, fees, costs and negative
publicity. 

The application of existing domestic and international laws and regulations
to us relating to issues such as user privacy and data protection, security, defamation, pricing, advertising, taxation, gambling, sweepstakes,
promotions, consumer protection, accessibility, content regulation, quality of services, law enforcement demands, telecommunications,
mobile, and intellectual property ownership and infringement in many instances is unclear or unsettled. Further, the application to us
or our subsidiaries of existing laws regulating or requiring licenses for certain businesses of our advertisers can be unclear. U.S. export
control laws and regulations also impose requirements and restrictions on exports to certain nations and persons and on our business.
Internationally, we may also be subject to laws regulating our activities in foreign countries and to foreign laws and regulations that
are inconsistent from country to country. 

On July 16, 2020, rulings from the Court of Justice of the European
Union invalidated the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield as a lawful means for transferring personal data from the European Economic Area, or the
EEA, or the United Kingdom to the United States The court upheld that the Standard Contractual Clauses, or SCCs, can act as a valid transfer
mechanism for personal data transfer, but that additional measures may be required to ensure adequate protection of personal data. To
rely on SCCs, a data exporter must verify that the jurisdiction in which the data importer is based offers adequate protection for personal
data. Data exporters may also need to put in place additional measures to deal with any risks associated with data transfer, such as technical
controls and additional contractual obligations on how to manage onward transfers and compelled disclosures to public authorities. Undertaking
such assessments and implementing additional measures could restrict our business operations and require us to incur additional costs
for compliance. 

Following the United Kingdom s exit from the EU, the provisions
of the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679, or GDPR, have been incorporated directly into UK law as the UK GDPR .
In practice, there is little change to the core data protection principles, rights and obligations under UK data protection law. On June
28 2021, the EU approved the United Kingdom s adequacy decision, meaning data can continue to flow between the United Kingdom and
EEA as it did prior to Brexit, in most circumstances. There is a possibility that the United Kingdom may adopt regulations that diverge
from the EU and that require a different compliance regime and that carry different penalties in the event of a breach which could increase
our future compliance costs. 

In addition to the actual and potential changes to laws and regulations
described elsewhere in these Risk Factors, compliance with privacy and data security regulations, particularly within the EU, is likely
to require ongoing investment and changes in how we operate. For example, in May 2018 the EU implemented the GDPR, whose goal is to provide
a uniform standard for data protection and privacy for all individuals in the EU and EEA, including both end-users and employees. GDPR
compliance required us to invest a considerable amount of resources in fiscal 2018 in addition to adopting new operational procedures
in order to assure ongoing compliance. In 2018, California passed the California Consumer Privacy Act, or CCPA, which is a privacy law
that provides consumers significant rights over the use of their personal information, including the right to object to the sale 
of their personal information. Amendments to the CCPA under the California Privacy Rights Act which will take effect in 2023 expand some
of the CCPA rights to residents to restrict the use of certain information. These rights may restrict our ability to use personal information
in connection with our business operations. The CCPA also provides a private right of action for security breaches. Colorado and Virginia
have passed privacy bills similar to the CCPA which will go into effect in 2023. Washington, Massachusetts and other states have introduced
privacy bills and the U.S. Congress is debating federal privacy legislation, which if passed, may restrict our business operations and
require us to incur additional costs for compliance. While we carefully consider the compliance mandates of the GDPR and CCPA, it is possible
that these obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict
with other rules or our business practices. 

In addition, the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, or DMCA, has provisions
that limit, but do not necessarily eliminate, our liability for hosting user-generated materials that infringe copyrights, so long as
we comply with the statutory requirements in the DMCA. Also, Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act, or CDA, provides immunity
from liability for providers of an interactive computer service who publish defamatory information provided by users of the service. While
the immunity provisions of the DMCA and the CDA are well established, there are regular cases seeking to limit the application of such
immunity. Various U.S. and international laws restrict the distribution of materials considered harmful to children and impose additional
restrictions on the ability of online services to collect information from minors. In the area of data protection, every state has passed
a law requiring notification, and at times, the provision of identity theft protection, to users when there is a security breach for personal
data. We face similar risks and costs as our products and services are offered in international markets and may be subject to additional
regulations. 

In many, but not all, territories outside of the United States there
are laws similar to the DMCA which exempt us from copyright infringement liability that may arise due to hosting user-uploaded materials.
In some countries, particularly in Europe and the APAC region, these laws are being readjusted and new - at times burdensome - constraints
are being imposed onto service providers. 

17 

In June 2019, the European Union s Directive on Copyright in
the Digital Single Market, or the Directive, came into effect, and each of the European Union s member were supposed to have implemented
the Directive by June 2021. To date seven EU Member States (including Germany, the Netherlands, Croatia, Malta, France, Italy and Hungary) .

Directive Article 17 removes the shield of the current hosting
exemption , enshrined in the E-Commerce Directive, and replaces it with a principle of full liability where online content
sharing service providers OCSSPs are concerned. This means that OCSSPs will be liable for copyright-protected material
uploaded by users and must obtain authorization (i.e., a licence) from the relevant rightsholders. However, Article 17 effectively creates
a new liability exemption regime for OCSSPs (albeit a more onerous one than is currently provided by the E-Commerce Directive) under which
OCSSPs will not be liable for the copyright-protected works that they communicate to the public provided that they cooperate with rightholders
by: 

making best efforts to obtain the necessary authorization (i.e., a licence); 

expeditiously taking down or disabling access to content upon receiving a sufficiently substantiated notice to do so by rightholders
(i.e., similar to the existing notice and take-down requirements); 

making best efforts to prevent future uploads of content in respect of which they have received a notice from rightholders pursuant
to the previous requirement (i.e., a notice and stay down requirement); and 

making best efforts, in accordance with high industry standards of professional diligence, to ensure the unavailability of specific
works in respect of which rightsholders have provided the relevant and necessary information . 

The article also extends any
licenses granted to OCSSPs to their users, as long as those users are not acting on
a commercial basis . 

Although we have invested and continue to invest in systems and resources,
which are intended to ensure that we are compliant with the requirements of the GDPR. CCPA, DMCA, the Directive and other U.S. and international
laws relating to, among other things, materials that infringe on copyrights and contain other objectionable content, our systems may not
be sufficient or we may unintentionally err and fail to comply with these laws and regulations which could expose us to claims, judgments,
monetary liabilities and other remedies, and to limitations on our business practices which could materially adversely affect our business
and financial results. 

If we are unable to license, acquire or otherwise obtain access
to compelling content and services at reasonable cost or if we do not develop or commission compelling content of our own, the number
of users of our Zedge app may not grow as anticipated, or may decline, or users level of engagement with our Zedge app may decline,
all or any of which could materially harm our business and operating results. 

Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to aggregate and
host compelling content and deliver that content to our users via our products. We achieve this when users upload their own user-generated
content to our Zedge app, when artists, individual creators and brands upload their licensed content to our Zedge app, or when we create
content or enter into business partnerships with content owners and distribute this content on our Zedge app. For Shortz, we typically
commissioning the content by paying a small upfront fee and sharing in the future revenues with the author of that content. In Emojipedia s
case, we usually receive new emojis from the content owner while paying authors to write articles on our blog. 

18 

We believe that users value high-quality content. As such, we may need
to make substantial payments to third parties from whom we license or acquire such content or from whom we have create this content on
our behalf. Our ability to maintain and build relationships with such third-party providers may become important to our success. As competition
for compelling content increases both domestically and internationally, our partners may alter business terms under which they avail their
content and services to us and potential providers may not offer their content or services to us at all, or may offer them on terms that
are not agreeable to us. A change in these commercial terms could harm our operating results and financial condition. Further, much of
the content that we acquire may only be available on a non-exclusive basis allowing competitors the ability of offering this content to
our disadvantage. 

We may be subject to intellectual property infringement claims or other
allegations, which could require us to pay substantial statutory penalties or other damages and fines, remove relevant content, enter
into license agreements which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or could result in our being barred from third-party
distribution platforms, which could harm our business and competitive position. 

There may be owners of technology patents, copyrights, trademarks,
trade secrets and content, who assert claims against us. If a claim of infringement is brought against us, we may be required to pay substantial
penalties or other damages and fines, remove relevant content, enter into license agreements that may not be available on commercially
reasonable terms or at all or be barred from any of the third-party distribution platforms. Even though the allegations or claims could
be baseless, our defense against any of these allegations or claims would be both costly and time-consuming and could significantly divert
the efforts and resources of our management and other personnel. 

If we are unable to attract and retain highly qualified employees,
we may not be able to grow effectively. 

Our ability to compete and grow depends in large part on the efforts
and talents of our employees. Such employees, particularly product managers, designers and engineers, are in high demand, and we devote
significant resources to identifying, hiring, training, successfully integrating and retaining these employees. The loss of employees
or the inability to hire additional skilled employees as necessary could result in significant disruptions to our business, and the integration
of replacement personnel could be time-consuming and expensive and cause additional disruptions to our business. 

At the end of the first quarter of fiscal 2017, we implemented a modest
reduction in workforce, primarily in Norway. This action may have impacted employee morale and led, or may lead, to higher rates of voluntary
attrition compared to prior years. If we are unable to retain and attract qualified employees, particularly in critical areas of operations
such as engineering, we may not achieve our strategic goals and our business and operations could be harmed. 

In August of 2018 we opened a development center in Vilnius, Lithuania
in order to diversify our talent pool with a qualified and more affordable talent base. If we are unable to recruit and retain well qualified
candidates at an attractive rate or manage them well, our business will struggle to meet its development goals and objectives. We were
successful in ramping up the recruitment and hiring in fiscal 2020 and ended the fiscal year with a team of 16 engineers product managers,
operations professionals and designers. In August 2020, we moved to a serviced office space which provides maximum flexibility during
the pandemic. In March 2021 our Trondheim, Norway office executed a new lease for a smaller location which we moved into in April. In
fiscal 2021 we adopted a remote-first work policy that enables employees to work from home unless they are needed in the
office. This policy has been well received by employees. 

We believe that two critical components of our success are our ability
to retain our best people by preserving our culture and maintaining competitive compensation practices. As we continue to grow rapidly,
and we develop the infrastructure of a public company, we may find it difficult to maintain our entrepreneurial, execution-focused culture.
In addition, some of our employees are able to receive material proceeds from sales of our equity in the public markets, which may reduce
their motivation to continue to work for us. 

19 

We may not be able to prevent others from unauthorized use of
our intellectual property, which could materially harm our business and competitive position. 

We regard our trademarks, service marks, patents, domain names, trade
secrets, proprietary technologies and similar intellectual property as critical to our success, and we rely on trademark and patent law,
trade secret protection and confidentiality and license agreements with our employees and others to protect our proprietary right. As
of July 31, 2021, we have registered, amongst others, the following domain names: www.zedge.net and www.zedge.com. In addition, we have
been granted trademark protection for Zedge in the United States, European Union, United Kingdom, India, and Canada and
for Tonesync in the European Union and the United Kingdom, and We Make Phones Personal and Shortz 
Chat Stories by Zedge in the United States, and have obtained a copyright registration for our flagship app, Zedge. In addition,
we have registered, amongst others, the following domain names: www.zedge.net and www.zedge.com. 

On August 1, 2021, we acquired Emojipedia. As part of this acquisition,
we acquired trademark registrations for Emojipedia in the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom, China and
Australia, and trademark registrations for World Emoji Day in the United States and United Kingdom. We also acquired the
following domain name registrations: www.emojipedia.com and www.emojipedia.org. 

Monitoring unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights is
difficult and costly, and we cannot be certain that we can effectively prevent misappropriation of our intellectual property, particularly
in countries where the laws may not protect our proprietary rights as fully as in the United States. From time to time, we may have to
resort to litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, which could result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources
and may not be successful. 

In addition, it is often difficult to create and enforce intellectual
property rights in certain international markets. Patents, trademarks and service marks may also be invalidated, circumvented, or challenged.
Trade secrets are difficult to protect, and our trade secrets may be leaked or otherwise become known or be independently discovered by
others. Confidentiality agreements may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any breach. Even where adequate and relevant
laws exist it may not be possible to obtain swift and equitable enforcement of such laws, or to obtain enforcement of a court judgment
or an arbitration award delivered in another jurisdiction, and accordingly, we may not be able to effectively protect our intellectual
property rights or enforce agreements in such countries 

We rely on third parties to provide the technologies necessary
to deliver content, advertising, and services to our users, and any change in the licensing terms, costs, availability, or acceptance
of these formats and technologies could materially adversely affect our business. 

Our service and hosting providers may experience downtime from time
to time, which may negatively affect our brand and user perception of the reliability of our service. Any scheduled or unscheduled interruption
of our Zedge app could result in an immediate, and possibly substantial, loss of revenues. Although we seek to reduce the possibility
of disruptions or other outages, our websites and apps may be disrupted by problems relating either to our own technology or third-party
technology that is used for them. Our systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from telecommunication failures, power loss,
computer attacks or viruses, earthquakes, floods, fires, terrorist attacks and similar events. Parts of our system are not fully redundant
or backed up, and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Despite any precaution we may take, the
occurrence of a natural disaster or other unanticipated problems at our hosting facilities could result in lengthy interruptions in the
availability of our products. Any interruption in the ability of users to access our websites or apps could reduce our future revenues,
harm our future profits, subject us to regulatory scrutiny and lead users to seek alternative internet mobile products. 

There can be no assurance that these providers will continue licensing
their technologies or intellectual property to us on reasonable terms, or at all. Providers may change the fees they charge users or otherwise
change their business model in a manner that slows the widespread acceptance of their technologies. Any change in the licensing terms,
costs, availability, or user acceptance of these technologies could materially and adversely affect our business, revenues and profitability. 

20 

In October 2021 AppLovin a provider of advanced tools for mobile app
developers to grow their businesses by automating and optimizing the marketing and monetization of their apps announced that subject to
regulatory approval that they were purchasing MoPub, a fully owned division of Twitter. MoPub has been our ad mediation platform for the
past ten years. In the event that this transaction closes it is possible that MoPub s mediation platform will be deprecated requiring
us to migrate to a different mediation platform. This will not only require resource and time investment, which may slow down are ability
to deliver other product initiatives but may also negatively impact the demand for and pricing of our advertising inventory potentially
resulting in lower revenue. 

We use open source software in our platform that may subject
our technology to general release or require us to re-engineer our solutions, which may cause materially harm to our business. 

We use open source software in connection with our services. From time
to time, companies that incorporate open source software into their products have faced claims challenging the ownership of open source
software and/or compliance with open source license terms. Therefore, we could be subject to lawsuits by parties claiming ownership of
what we believe to be open source software or noncompliance with open source licensing terms. Some open source software licenses require
users who distribute or make available open source software as part of their software to publicly disclose all or part of the source code
to such software and/or make available any derivative works of the open source code on unfavorable terms or at no cost. While we monitor
our use of open source software and try to ensure that none is used in a manner that would require us to disclose the source code or that
would otherwise breach the terms of an open source agreement, such use could nevertheless occur and we may be required to release our
proprietary source code, pay damages for breach of contract, re-engineer our applications, discontinue use in the event re-engineering
cannot be accomplished on a timely basis or take other remedial action that may divert resources away from our development efforts, any
of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. 

Our business depends on our ability to collect and use data
to deliver relevant content and advertisements, and any limitation on the collection and use of this data could significantly diminish
the value of our services and cause us to lose clients and revenues. 

When one uses our products and services, including our Zedge app, we
may collect both personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable data about the user. This may include but is not limited to the
user s name, telephone number, email address, web cookies, Facebook and other login credentials, phone model, operating system,
location, Android Advertising ID, the collection of apps running on the user s mobile device as well as information relating to
their interaction with advertisements appearing within our products. Often we use some of this data to provide a better experience for
the user by delivering both relevant content and advertisements. In addition, we use some of this data for advertising reporting purposes. 

Although our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service provide extensive
details about how we use customer data our clients may decide not to allow us to collect some or all of this data or may limit our use
of this data. Any limitation on our ability to collect data about user behavior and app interactions would likely make it more difficult
for us to deliver germane content to our users and effective mobile advertising campaigns that meet the demands of our advertisers. 

21 

Our contracts with advertisers generally permit us to aggregate data
from advertising campaigns, yet these clients might nonetheless request that we discontinue using data obtained from their campaigns that
have already been aggregated with other clients campaign data. It would be difficult, if not impossible, to comply with these requests,
and these kinds of requests could also cause us to invest significant amounts of resources. Interruptions, failures or defects in our
data collection, mining, analysis and storage systems, as well as privacy concerns and regulatory restrictions regarding the collection
of data, could also limit our ability to aggregate and analyze mobile device user data from our clients advertising campaigns.
If that happens, we may not be able to optimize the placement of advertising for the benefit of our advertiser clients, which could make
our services less valuable, and, as a result, we may lose clients and our revenues may materially decline. 

Concerns about collection and use of personal data could damage
our reputation and deter current and potential users from using our products and services, which could have material adverse effects on
our business and results of operations. 

Concerns about products with regard to the collection, use or disclosure
of personal information or other privacy-related matters, even if unfounded, could damage our reputation and results of operations. We
apply strict management and protection of user-provided data and only use this data as described in our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
While we strive to comply with our Privacy Policy as well as all applicable data protection laws and regulations, including GDPR and soon
to be the CCPA, any failure or perceived failure to comply may result in proceedings or actions against us by government entities or others,
and could damage our reputation. User and regulatory attitudes towards privacy are evolving, and future regulatory or user concerns about
the extent to which personal information is used or shared with advertisers or others may adversely affect our ability to share certain
data with advertisers, which may limit certain methods of targeted advertising. In addition, new regulatory requirements or orders or
other federal, state or international privacy or consumer protection-related laws and regulations or proceedings or actions against us
by governmental entities or others (e.g., class action privacy litigation) could result in us having to change our business practices,
increase our costs and adversely affect our business. For instance, U.S. courts have begun to define a level of reasonable security that
is required when maintaining personal information, and such requirements could both increase our cost of operations and subject us to
liability for failure to maintain such levels of security. 

Data collection, privacy and security have become the subject of increasing
public concern. If internet and mobile customers were to reduce their use of our products, and services as a result of these concerns,
our business could be harmed. As noted above, we are also subject to the possibility of security breaches, which themselves may result
in a violation of these laws. 

Concerns about the security of personal data could also lead to a decline
in general usage of our products and services, which could lead to lower user numbers. A significant reduction in user numbers could
have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Activities of our advertiser clients could damage our reputation
or give rise to legal claims against us. 

Our advertisers may not comply with federal, state and local laws,
including, but not limited to, laws and regulations relating to mobile communications. Failure of our clients to comply with federal,
state or local laws or our policies could damage our reputation and expose us to liability under these laws. We may also be liable to
third parties for content in the advertisements we deliver if the artwork, text or other content involved violates copyrights, trademarks
or other intellectual property rights of third parties or if the content is defamatory, unfair and deceptive, or otherwise in violation
of applicable laws. Although we generally receive assurance from our advertising partners that their advertisements are lawful and that
they have the right to use any copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual property included in an advertisement, and although we are
normally indemnified by the advertisers, a third party or regulatory authority may still file a claim against us. Any such claims could
be costly and time consuming to defend and could also hurt our reputation within the mobile advertising industry. Further, if we are exposed
to legal liability, we could be required to pay substantial fines or penalties, redesign our business methods, discontinue some of our
services or otherwise expend significant resources. 

Security breaches or computer virus attacks could have a material
adverse effect on our business prospects and results of operations. 

Any significant breach of security of our computer systems could significantly
harm our business, reputation and results of operations and could expose us to lawsuits brought by our users and partners and to sanctions
by governmental authorities in the jurisdictions in which we operate. We cannot assure you that our IT systems will be secure from future
security breaches or computer virus attacks. Anyone who is able to circumvent our security measures could misappropriate proprietary information,
including the personal information of our users, obtaining users names and passwords and enabling the hackers to access user s
other online and mobile accounts, if those users use identical usernames and passwords. They could also misappropriate other information,
including our content. These circumventions may cause interruptions in our operations or damage our brand image and reputation. Our servers
may be vulnerable to computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins and similar disruptions, which could cause system interruptions,
website slowdown or unavailability, delays in communication or transactions, or loss of data. We may be required to incur significant
additional costs to protect against security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by such breaches. In addition, a significant security
breach or virus attack on our system could result in a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 

22 

We have granted, and may continue to grant, options, restricted
shares and other types of awards under our stock option and equity incentive plans and otherwise, which may result in increased equity-based
compensation expenses. 

The expenses associated with equity-based compensation have affected
our net income and may reduce our net income in the future, and any additional equity issued under equity-based compensation schemes will
dilute the ownership interests of our stockholders. We believe the granting of equity-based compensation is of significant importance
to our ability to attract and retain key personnel and employees, consultants and directors, and we will continue to grant equity-based
compensation in the future. As a result, our expenses associated with equity-based compensation may increase, which may have an adverse
effect on our results of operations and would dilute the ownership interests of our stockholders. 

Investors may suffer dilution. 

We may engage in equity financing to fund our future operations and
growth or acquisitions. If we raise additional funds and/or provide consideration in acquisitions by issuing equity securities, stockholders
may experience significant dilution of their ownership interest (both with respect to the percentage of total securities held, and with
respect to the book value of their securities) and such securities may have rights senior to those of the holders of our Class B common
stock. 

For example, between December 14, 2020 and January 26, 2021, we sold
761,906 shares of our Class B common stock at an average price of 6.5625 per share for total proceeds of 5 million in a registered At-the-Market 
offering through National Securities Corp. and H.C. Wainwright Co, LLC as sales agents. We intend to use the net proceeds from this
offering for general corporate purposes including organic and other growth initiatives. 

In addition, on March 16, 2021, we filed a prospectus supplement with
the Securities and Exchange Commission which contemplates the sale, for a gross aggregate sale price of up to 10,000,000, of shares of
our Class B common stock, from time to time in At-The-Market offerings pursuant to an At Market Issuance Sales Agreement
with National Securities Corporation and Maxim Group LLC dated as of March 16, 2021. Through June 11, 2021, we sold 663,686 shares at
an average price of 15.0674 per share for total proceeds of 10 million in this offering. We intend to use the net proceeds from this
offering for general corporate purposes including organic and other growth initiatives. 

Any such equity financing could occur at prices below, or well below,
the then-current trading price of our Class B common stock, which would further exacerbate the ownership interests of our stockholders. 

We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange
rates. 

We have significant operations in Europe that are denominated in foreign
currencies, primarily the Norwegian Kroner and Euro, subjecting us to foreign currency risk. The strengthening or weakening of the U.S.
Dollar versus these currencies impacts the expenses generated in these foreign currencies when converted into the U.S. Dollar. In fiscal
2021 and fiscal 2020, we recorded a loss of 2,000 and 152,000, respectively, from foreign currency movements relative to the U.S. Dollar.
Included in these amounts were losses from hedging activities of 18,000 and 218,000 in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. While
we regularly enter into transactions to hedge portions of our foreign currency exposure, it is impossible to predict or eliminate the
effects of this exposure. Fluctuations in foreign exchange rates could significantly impact our financial results. 

If we fail to implement and maintain an effective system of
internal controls over financial reporting, we may be unable to accurately report our results of operations, meet our reporting obligations
or prevent fraud. 

Under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we are required
to include a report of management on our internal control over financial reporting in our annual report on Form 10-K. In addition, should
we become an accelerated filer, our independent registered public accounting firm must attest to and report on the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting. Our management may conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is not effective.
Moreover, even if our management concludes that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, our independent registered
public accounting firm, after conducting its own independent testing, may issue a report that is qualified if it is not satisfied with
our internal controls or the level at which our controls are documented, designed, operated or reviewed, or if it interprets the relevant
requirements differently from us. In addition, our reporting obligations may place a significant strain on our management, operational
and financial resources and systems for the foreseeable future. We may be unable to timely complete our evaluation testing and any required
remediation. 

23 

During the course of documenting and testing our internal control procedures,
in order to satisfy the requirements of Section 404, we may identify weaknesses and deficiencies in our internal control over financial
reporting. In addition, if we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting, as these standards are modified,
supplemented or amended from time to time, we may not be able to conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control
over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404. If we fail to achieve and maintain an effective internal control environment,
we could suffer material misstatements in our financial statements and fail to meet our reporting obligations, and we may be required
to restate our financial statements from prior periods, any of which would likely cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial
information. This could in turn limit our access to capital markets, harm our results of operations, and lead to a decline in the trading
price of our stock. 

Additionally, ineffective internal control over financial reporting
could expose us to increased risk of fraud or misuse of corporate assets and subject us to potential delisting from the stock exchange
on which we list, regulatory investigations and civil or criminal sanctions. 

Future strategic alliances or acquisitions may not be successful
and may have a material and adverse effect on our business, reputation and results of operations. 

We may enter into strategic alliances, including joint ventures or
minority equity investments, or acquisitions with various third parties to further our business purpose from time to time. These alliances
and acquisitions could subject us to a number of risks, including risks associated with sharing proprietary information, non-performance
by the third party and increased expenses in establishing new strategic alliances, any of which may materially and adversely affect our
business. We may have limited ability to monitor or control the actions of these third parties and, to the extent any of these strategic
third parties suffers negative publicity or harm to their reputation from events relating to their business, we may also suffer negative
publicity or harm to our reputation by virtue of our association with any such third party. 

In addition, if appropriate opportunities arise, we may acquire additional
assets, products, technologies or businesses that we believe are complementary to our existing business. Future acquisitions and the subsequent
integration of new assets and businesses into our own would require significant attention from our management and could result in a diversion
of resources from our existing business, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our business operations. Acquired assets or businesses
may not generate the financial results we expect. Acquisitions could result in the use of substantial amounts of cash, potentially dilutive
issuances of equity securities, the occurrence of significant goodwill impairment charges, amortization expenses for other intangible
assets and exposure to potential unknown liabilities of the acquired business. Moreover, the costs of identifying and consummating acquisitions
may be significant. In addition to possible stockholders approval, we may also have to obtain approvals and licenses from relevant
government authorities for the acquisitions and to comply with any applicable laws and regulations, which could result in increased delay
and costs. 

Our business, results of operation and financial condition could
be adversely affected by the coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic and the restrictions put in place in connection therewith. 

Our business could be adversely affected by health epidemics, including
the current COVID-19 pandemic, impacting the markets and communities in which we, our partners and customers operate. The COVID-19 pandemic
has caused and continues to cause significant business and financial markets disruption worldwide and there is material uncertainty about
the duration of this pandemic and its impact on the ongoing effects on our business. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a dramatic increase in unemployment
that could result in interfering with freemium users converting into paid subscribers or in paid subscribers renewing their subscriptions
because of the impact on discretionary spend. In addition, we may experience a decline in advertising. 

Initially the COVID-19 pandemic negatively impacted our Zedge app s
new user growth. New smartphone sales suffered as a result of retail business closures, negatively impacting new user growth, especially
in well-developed markets. Assuming the retail business rebounds from the COVID-19 pandemic, we expect that our Zedge app s new
user growth will also recover and we will benefit accordingly but there can no assurance of such rebound or new user growth. If new mobile
device sales decrease or slowdown, our Zedge app will experience fewer installations which will negatively impact our revenue and operations. 

24 

In addition, in response to the spread of COVID-19, many of our employees
have had to work from home which may negatively impact productivity and innovation. More generally, the COVID-19 outbreak has adversely
affected economies and financial markets globally, which could decrease technology spending and adversely affect demand for our products. 

As of July 31, 2021, we had not experienced significant adverse impacts
to our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. However, the situation remains fluid and we cannot predict with certainty
the potential impact of COVID-19 on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 

Our business, financial condition and results of operations,
as well as our ability to obtain additional financing, may be adversely affected by downturn in the global economy. 

The global financial markets have experienced significant disruptions
over the past ten years and the recovery from the lows of 2008 and 2009 has been uneven. There is considerable uncertainty over the long-term
effects of the expansionary monetary and fiscal policies adopted by the central banks and financial authorities of some of the world s
leading economies. There have also been concerns over unrest in the Middle East and Africa, which have resulted in volatility in oil and
other markets. We may be affected by economic downturns. A prolonged slowdown in the world economy may lead to a reduced amount of
mobile internet advertising, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Moreover, a slowdown or disruption in the global economy may have a
material and adverse impact on financings available to us. The weakness in the economy could erode investor confidence, which constitutes
the basis of the credit market. Turmoil affecting the financial markets and banking system may significantly restrict our ability to obtain
financing in the capital markets or from financial institutions on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 

The trading price of the shares of our Class B common stock
may be volatile, and purchasers of our Class B common stock could incur substantial losses. 

Our stock price could be volatile. The stock market in general and
the market for mobile internet companies in particular have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating
performance of particular companies. As a result of this volatility, investors may not be able to sell their Class B common stock at or
above the price paid for the shares. The market price for our Class B common stock may be influenced by many factors, including: 

actual or anticipated variations in quarterly operating results; 

changes in financial estimates by us or by any securities analysts who might cover our stock; 

conditions or trends in our industry; 

stock market price and volume fluctuations of other publicly traded companies and, in particular, those that operate in the advertising,
internet or media industries; 

announcements by us or our competitors of new product or service offerings, significant acquisitions; 

strategic partnerships or divestitures; 

announcements of investigations or regulatory scrutiny of our operations or lawsuits filed against us; 

changes to regulations including but not limited to, data privacy, and copyrighted content; 

capital commitments; 

additions or departures of key personnel; and 

sales of our Class B common stock common stock, including sales by our directors and officers or specific stockholders. 

In addition, in the past, stockholders have initiated class action
lawsuits against technology companies following periods of volatility in the market prices of these companies stock. Such litigation,
if instituted against us, could cause us to incur substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources. 

We are controlled by our majority stockholder, which limits
the ability of other stockholders to affect our management. 

Michael Jonas is our majority stockholder, Executive Chairman, Chairman
of the Board and a director, and, as of October 25, 2021, has voting power over 1,862,498 shares of our Class B common stock (which includes
524,775 shares of our Class A common stock, which are convertible into shares of our Class B common stock on a 1-for-1 basis, and
1,337,723shares of our Class B common stock), representing approximately 57.7 of the combined voting power of our outstanding capital
stock. Mr. Jonas is able to control matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election of all of the directors
and the approval of significant corporate matters, including any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets.
As a result, the ability of any of our other stockholders to influence our management is limited. 

25 

We exercised our option for the controlled company 
exemption under NYSE American stock exchange rules with respect to our Nominating Committee. 

We are a controlled company as defined in section 801(a)
of the NYSE American Company Guide because more than 50 of the combined voting power of all of our outstanding common stock is beneficially
owned by a single stockholder. As a controlled company, we are exempt from certain NYSE American rules requiring a board
of directors with a majority of independent members, a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors and a nominating
committee composed entirely of independent directors. These independence standards are intended to ensure that directors who meet those
standards are free of any conflicting interest that could influence their actions as directors. We applied this controlled company 
exemption for our corporate governance practices only with respect to the requirement of a Nominating Committee and we disbanded our Nominating
Committee in fiscal 2020. Accordingly, with respect to our lack of a Nominating Committee you will not have the same protections afforded
to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE American stock exchange, and
if we were to apply the controlled company exemption to other independence requirements, you would not have the protection afforded by
those requirements either. 

If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or
publish unfavorable research about our business or our stock, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

The trading market for our common Class B common stock relies in part
on the research and reports that equity research analysts publish about us and our business. We do not currently have and may never obtain
research coverage by equity research analysts. Equity research analysts may elect not to provide research coverage of our Class B common
stock, and such lack of research coverage may adversely affect the market price of our Class B common stock. In the event we do receive
equity research analyst coverage, we will not have any control over the analysts or the content and opinions included in their reports.
The price of our stock could decline if one or more equity research analysts downgrade our stock or issue other unfavorable commentary
or research. If one or more equity research analysts ceases coverage of our company or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand
for our stock could decrease, which in turn could cause our stock price and/or trading volume to decline. 

Our results of operations may be subject to wide fluctuations
due to a number of factors, which may adversely affect the trading price of our Class B common stock. 

We may experience seasonality and other fluctuations in our business,
reflecting fluctuations in mobile internet and smartphone usage and advertising. Revenues from mobile application products and services
are typically higher in the fourth quarter of the calendar year due to increased year-end advertising and marketing budgets. Conversely,
we generally experience lower advertising revenues during the first quarter of the calendar year due to weaker advertising spend following
the holidays. Thus, our operating results in one or more future quarters or years may fluctuate substantially or fall below the expectations
of securities analysts and investors. In such event, the trading price of our Class B common stock may fluctuate significantly or decrease
significantly. 

Item 2. Properties 

Our principal executive office was located in a leased premise comprising
approximately 500 square feet of space in New York City, which lease was terminated on July 15, 2020. We have moved to a virtual office
because our staffs have been working remotely because of the COVID-19 pandemic. This location housed commercial operations including sales,
accounting and finance, and business development. Effective April 1, 2021, the Company moved its main office in Trondheim, Norway with
11,600 square feet of office space to a 4,900 square foot facility. We also lease a satellite development centers in Vilnius, Lithuania.
Our servers are hosted in leased data centers in different geographic locations in the United States. These data centers are owned and
maintained by a third-party data center provider. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

In March 2014, Saregama India, Limited filed a lawsuit against us before
the Barasat District Court, seeking approximately 1.6 million as damages and an injunction for copyright infringement. Saregama India
alleged that we made available Saregama India s sound recordings through our platform with full knowledge that the sound recordings
had been uploaded and were being communicated to the public without obtaining any license from Saregama India. On August 20, 2019, the
Court lifted the injunction and, subsequently, Saregama India executed a consent pursuant to which the case against us was dismissed. 

We may from time to time be subject to other legal proceedings that
arise in the ordinary course of business. Although there can be no assurance in this regard, we do not expect any of those legal proceedings
to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

None. 

26 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Class B Common Stock 

Our Class B common stock is quoted on the NYSE American stock exchange
under the trading symbol ZDGE. Trading commenced on the NYSE American on June 1, 2016. On November 5, 2021, the last sales price reported
on the NYSE American for our Class B common stock was 11.27 per share. 

On November 5, 2021, there were 280 holders of record of our Class
B common stock and 1 holder of record of our Class A common stock. As of November 5, 2021, all shares of Class A common stock are beneficially
owned by Michael Jonas. The number of holders of record of our Class B common stock does not include the number of persons whose shares
are in nominee or in street name accounts through brokers. 

We do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock until we
achieve sustainable profitability (after satisfying all of our operational needs) and retain certain minimum cash reserves. Distributions
will be subject to the need to retain earnings for investment in growth opportunities or the acquisition of complementary assets. The
payment of dividends in any specific period will be at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors. 

The information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K will be contained
in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which we will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120
days after July 31, 2021, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

We filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (the Form S-3 on November 30, 2020 which became effective on December 4, 2020 to facilitate
capital raising. The Form S-3 registered the issuance and sale by us of Class B common stock or related securities for gross proceeds
to us of up to 20 million. On November 30, 2020, we engaged National Securities Corp. and H.C. Wainwright Co, LLC (the Sales
Agents to act as our exclusive co-Sales Agents in connection with the Company s At-The-Market offering of
shares of our Class B common stock up to 5 million. We filed a Prospectus Supplement (supplementing the Prospectus included in the Form
S-3) on December 9, 2020 and contemporaneously entered into an At The Market Offering Agreement with the Sales Agents, pursuant to which
we sold 761,906 shares at an average price of 6.5625 per share for total proceeds of 5 million. In connection with this offering, we
incurred a total issuance costs of 215,000. We intend to use the net proceeds from this offering for working capital and other general
corporate purposes. 

On March 16, 2021, we filed a prospectus supplement with the SEC which
contemplates the sale, for a gross aggregate sale price of up to 10,000,000, of shares of our Class B common stock, from time to time
in At-The-Market offerings pursuant to an At Market Issuance Sales Agreement with National Securities Corporation and Maxim
Group LLC, dated as of March 16, 2021, pursuant to which we sold 663,686 shares at an average price of 15.0674 per share for total proceeds
of 10 million. In connection with this offering, we incurred a total issuance costs of 350,000. We intend to use the net proceeds from
this offering for working capital and other general corporate purposes. 

We received proceeds of approximately 873,000 from the exercise of
stock options in fiscal 2021 for which we issued 559,840 shares of our Class B common stock. 

On February 5, 2020, we closed on our registered direct offering of
1,734,459 shares of our Class B common stock for gross proceeds of 2.25 million. We sold 1,657,813 shares at a purchase price of 1.28
per share which represented a 20 discount from the 10 Day Volume Weighted Average Price (VWAP) through January 31, 2020, and certain
of our insiders purchased an additional 76,646 shares at a purchase price of 1.67 per share, the closing price on February 3, 2020. 

We received proceeds of approximately 12,000 from the exercise of
stock options in fiscal 2020 for which we issued 86,197 shares of our Class B common stock. 

27 

Issuer Repurchases of Equity Securities 

Our Board of Directors authorized a buyback program, effective December
1, 2021, of up to 1.5 million shares of our Class B common stock. 

On October 21, 2020, we purchased 12,005 shares of our Class B common
stock from former Freeform employees for 17,528 in connection with the vesting of restricted stock. 

On August 1, 2020, we purchased 5,625 shares of our Class B common
stock from our employees for 8,044 in connection with the vesting of deferred stock units. 

On January 1, 2020, we purchased 4,327 shares of our Class B common
stock from a former Freeform employee for 6,772 in connection with the vesting of restricted stock. 

On September 18, 2019, we purchased 14,114 shares of our Class B common
stock from former Freeform employees for 22,300 in connection with the vesting of restricted stock. 

On June 1, 2019, we purchased 7,684 shares of our Class B common stock
from former Freeform employees for 16,256 in connection with the vesting of restricted stock. 

On September 21, 2018, we purchased 14,137 shares of our Class B common
stock from former Freeform employees for 30,543 in connection with the vesting of restricted stock. 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 

Smaller reporting companies are not required to provide the information
required by this item. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including statements that contain
the words believes, anticipates, expects, plans, intends and similar
words and phrases. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially
from the results projected in any forward-looking statement. In addition to the factors specifically noted in the forward-looking statements,
other important factors, risks and uncertainties that could result in those differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed
under Item 1A to Part I Risk Factors in this Annual Report. The forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this
Annual Report, and we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons why actual results could
differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Investors should consult all of the information set forth in this report
and the other information set forth from time to time in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the
Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including our reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated
Financial Statements and Notes thereto included in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 

We operate a state-of-the-art digital publishing platform that powers
Zedge Ringtones and Wallpapers, available in the Google Play store and App Store, which offers an easy, entertaining and immersive way
for end-users to engage with its rich and diverse catalogue of wallpapers, video wallpapers, ringtones, notification sounds on Android
and wallpapers, video wallpapers, ringtones and custom icon packs on iOS. We secure our content from amateur and professional artists,
and also from emerging and major brands. Artists have the ability to easily launch a virtual storefront in our Zedge app where they can
market and sell their content to our user base. That same platform powers an entertainment app called Shortz Chat Stories
by Zedge , which is focused on serialized, short-form, fiction stories, as a beta that runs on Zedge s publishing platform.
Over the past year, we have been expanding our content catalogue, started testing audio versions of a selected number of stories, materially
improved our ability to measure all types of engagement within the app, and invested a modest budget in paid user acquisition. Finally,
in August of 2021, we acquired Emojipedia, the leading source of all things emoji. 

28 

Our Zedge app has been installed approximately 511 million times, and
at July 31, 2021, boasted approximately 34.4 million monthly active users, or MAU. MAU is a key performance indicator that captures the
number of unique users that used our Zedge app during the final 30 days of the relevant period. Our Zedge app has consistently ranked
as one of the most popular free apps in the Google Play store in the United States. Historically, we have not made a material investment
in paid user acquisition for our Zedge app. 

Our Zedge app s success stems from its ability to meet consumer
demand for a rich and diverse catalogue of both long-tail and popular content in a fun, intuitive and user-friendly fashion that aligns
with their interest in expressing their essence in a bespoke manner, to offer reliable search and discovery capabilities and to make relevant
content recommendations to our users. To this end, we invest heavily in both product design and development and the underlying technology
required to satisfy both our Zedge app s users and content contributors expectations. Our Zedge app utilizes both
user-generated and licensed, third-party content to achieve these goals. 

In March 2018, we launched Zedge Premium, a marketplace within our
Zedge app where professional creators and brands market, distribute and sell their digital content to our consumers. At launch, Zedge
Premium was a walled garden a separate section of the app which users needed to proactively choose to enter. In 2021,
we embedded Zedge Premium content throughout the app making it far more prominent. We also introduced a new content type on iOS: custom
icon packs. Over time, we expect that Zedge Premium will contribute to a virtuous cycle whereby it drives new consumers into our Zedge
app resulting in more artist payouts, which in turn makes the platform more attractive for artists and brands looking to expand their
reach and increase their income. 

In January 2019, we started offering freemium Zedge app Android users
the ability to convert into paying subscribers for, amongst other things, the ability to remove unsolicited advertisements from our Zedge
app. As of July 31, 2021, we had approximately 752,000 active subscribers. In fiscal 2022, we expect to launch subscriptions on iOS. 

In December 2019, we completed the beta launch of Shortz 
our new entertainment app offering serialized, short-form fiction delivered in a text-message format and more recently as audio productions
across both Android and iOS, and focusing on users in the United States, the United Kingdom and Canada and it is now available globally.
New stories are added to the app each week, and as the content catalog expands, we are regularly improving content discovery in order
to guide users to the stories that will most interest them and improve engagement. 

On August 1, 2021, we acquired Emojipedia, the world s leading
authority dedicated to providing up to date and well-researched emoji definitions, information, and news as well as World Emoji Day and
the annual World Emoji Awards, and Emojitracker, which provides real time visualization of all emoji symbols used on Twitter. Emojipedia
receives approximately 50 million monthly page views and has approximately 9 million monthly active users of which approximately 50 are
located in well-developed markets. It is the top resource for all things emoji, offering insights into data and cultural trends. As a
voting member of the Unicode Consortium, the standards body responsible for approving new emojis, Emojipedia works alongside major emoji
creators including Apple, Google, Facebook and Twitter. 

Over the past several years, our Zedge app has experienced a continuing
decline in its MAU as well as a shift in the regional customer make-up with MAU in emerging markets representing an increasing portion
of our user base. As of July 31, 2021, users in emerging markets represented 75 of our MAU compared to 70 a year prior. This shift has
negatively impacted revenue because advertising rates in emerging markets are materially lower than in well-developed markets. In the
fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, users in emerging markets grew by 16.1 while users in well-developed economies declined by 11.5 when
compared to the same period in fiscal 2020. As of July 31, 2021, approximately 42 of our Zedge app s user base was located in North
America (20 and Europe (including Eastern Europe, 22 ), compared with 50 (North America, 24 and Europe 26 as of July 31, 2020. The
remaining 58 of the user base was primarily located in emerging markets with 25 located in India. 

29 

MAU growth is tightly coupled with new user growth. Historically, our
relatively high ranking in the Google Play store has been one of the primary drivers for securing new users. Although still an important
factor, we now also dedicate resources to growth initiatives, both organic and paid. In fiscal 2022, we expect to increase our paid user
acquisition spend while monitoring results to ensure that the investment is yielding a positive return on investment. With time, we believe
that we can change our growth dynamic in well-developed markets. Aside from targeted growth initiatives, we need to continually improve
the core user experience, test different mechanisms and content verticals that may spur growth and capitalize on the role that Zedge Premium
artists can have on driving new users into the Zedge platform. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted our Zedge app s new user growth.
According to Gartner, a leading research and advisory company, new smartphone sales declined 10.5 in calendar year 2020 as a result of
the pandemic, negatively impacting new user growth, especially in well-developed markets. As of September 1, 2021, Gartner reported that
worldwide smartphone sales grew by 10.8 year over year in the second quarter of calendar year 2021 despite supply constraints relating
to COVID-19 component shortages and production disruptions; however, it is still unclear what the impact on user growth will be as vaccines
become more available globally and as precautions like social distancing start to wane. The pandemic and measures implement to promote
social distancing had a modest positive impact on user engagement. 

During the quarter and fiscal year ended July 31, 2021, we generated
approximately 81 and 80 , respectively, of our revenues from selling our Zedge app s advertising inventory to advertising networks,
advertising exchanges, and direct arrangements with advertisers. Advertising networks and advertising exchanges are third-party technology
platforms that facilitate the buying and selling of media advertising inventory from multiple ad networks. The price of advertising inventory
is fixed on an advertising network whereas the price for inventory is determined through real-time bidding on an advertising exchange.
Advertisers are attracted to our Zedge app because of its sizable user base. 

In our Zedge Premium marketplace, the content owner sets the price
and the user can purchase the content by paying for it with Zedge Credits, our closed virtual currency. A user can earn Zedge Credits
when taking specific actions such as watching a rewarded video or taking a survey. Alternatively, users can buy Zedge Credits via an in-app
purchase. If a user purchases Zedge Credits, Google Play or App Store keeps up to 30 of the purchase price with the remainder being paid
to us. When a user purchases Zedge Premium content, the artist or brand receives 70 of the actual value of the Zedge Credits used to
buy the content item as a royalty and we retain the remaining 30 as our fee, which we recognize as revenue. As Zedge Premium matures
and expands, we expect to also diversify our revenue source mix. 

30 

In January 2019, we started offering paid subscriptions to our Android
users which amongst other things removed unsolicited advertisements from our Zedge app. During the first 12 months after a customer s
sign up for the subscription-based product, Google retains up to 30 as a fee, which decreases to 15 from month 13 and beyond. As of
July 31, 2021, we had approximately 752,000 active subscribers, 90 of which had subscribed on an annual basis. Since inception in January
2019, subscriptions have generated approximately 6.7 million in gross revenue. 

Reportable Segments 

Our business consists of one reportable segment. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Our financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP. The preparation of financial statements requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses as well as
the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Critical accounting policies are those that require application of management s
most subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods.
Our critical accounting policies include those related to capitalized software and technology development costs, revenue recognition and
goodwill. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and other factors that are believed to be reasonable under
the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. See Note 1 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a complete discussion of our significant accounting policies. 

Capitalized software and technology development costs 

Software and technology development activities generally fall into
three stages: 

1. Planning Stage activities include developing a project or business plan that outlines the goals for the content distribution
platform or new product or service; determining the functionality; identifying hardware and software applications that will achieve functionality,
security, and traffic flows; and selecting the internal resources that will be assigned to the project as well as the external vendors
where applicable. 

2. Application and Infrastructure Development Stage activities focus on acquiring or developing hardware and software to operate
a content distribution platform or new product and service; and 

3. Post-Implementation/Operating Stage activities address training, administration, maintenance, and all other activities to operate
an existing content distribution platform or new product or service. 

During the Planning Stage, we charge all costs to expense as incurred. 

During the Application and Infrastructure Development Stage, we begin
to capitalize costs when the project has been properly authorized and we determine that completion is probable. If a project is subsequently
cancelled prior to placement in service, costs that have been capitalized to date will be reviewed for potential impairment. Capitalization
ceases no later than the point at which a computer software project is substantially complete and ready for its intended use. Amortization,
which is generally over three years, begins for each project when the code is ready for use, whether or not it is actually placed in service
at that time (an exception being if the project s functionality completely depends on the completion of another project; then, amortization
begins when that other project is ready for use). 

During the Post-Implementation/Operation Stage, we expense training
costs and maintenance costs as incurred. However, upgrades and enhancements, defined as modifications to existing internal-use software
that result in additional functionality (modifications to enable the software to perform tasks that it was previously incapable of performing,
normally requiring new software specifications and perhaps a change to all or part of the existing software specifications) are treated
as though they were new projects, and are assessed utilizing the same stages and criteria on a project-by-project basis. As such, internal
costs incurred for upgrades and enhancements are expensed or capitalized based on the requirements noted above, while costs incurred for
maintenance are expensed as incurred. These projects are tracked individually, such that the beginning and ending of the capitalization
can be appropriately established, as well as the amounts capitalized therein. 

Amortization of these costs is included in depreciation and amortization
in the Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss). 

31 

Revenue Recognition. 

We generate revenue from three sources: (1) Advertising; (2) Paid Subscriptions
and (3) Zedge Premium and Other. The substantial majority of our revenue is generated from selling our advertising inventory Advertising
Revenue to advertising networks and advertising exchanges, and through direct arrangements with advertisers. Our monthly and annual
subscriptions allow users to prepay a fixed fee to remove unsolicited advertisements from our Android Zedge app although we are working
on adding additional capabilities to subscriptions including offering subscriptions to iOS Zedge App users. In Zedge Premium, we retain
30 as fee when users purchase licensed content using Zedge Credits or unlock licensed content by watching a video or taking a survey
on Zedge Premium. 

Advertising Revenue : We generates the bulk of our revenue
from selling our Zedge app s advertising inventory to advertising networks and advertising exchanges and direct sales to advertisers. 

Advertising Networks. An advertising network is a third-party relationship where buyers of advertising inventory go to purchase either
specific targeted inventory or a large scale of inventory at a set price. Advertising Networks serve as an indirect source of advertising
fill to a variety of branded ad campaigns and performance-based ad campaigns. 

Advertising Exchanges. An advertising exchange is similar to an advertising network, except that the exchange typically bids in real-time
for inventory. Advertisers may utilize an exchange when looking for scale or specific audiences, and accept that the price will vary based
on when and how much volume of inventory they wish to buy. 

Direct Sales to Advertisers. In prior periods, we sold, and we currently retain the ability to sell, advertising directly to advertisers
through contractual relationships. These relationships historically offered higher than average pricing than realized from sales via advertising
networks or advertising exchanges. We had no direct sales of advertising during fiscal 2021 and have no current expectation that this
will represent a material portion of our sales in the near term. 

We recognize advertising revenue as advertisements are delivered to
users through impressions or ad views (depending on the terms agreed upon with the advertiser). For in-app display ads, in-app offers,
engagement advertisements and other advertisements, our performance obligation is satisfied over the life of the relevant contract (i.e.,
over time), with revenue being recognized as advertising units are delivered. The advertiser may compensate us on a cost-per-impression,
cost-per-click, or cost-per-action basis. 

Paid Subscription Revenue : Beginning in January 2019,
we started offering monthly and annual paid subscription services sold through Google Play. When a customer subscribes, they execute a
clickthrough agreement with Zedge outlining the terms and conditions of the subscription. Google Play processes subscription prepayment
on Zedge s behalf, and retains up to 30 as its fee. Paid subscription revenue is a series type performance obligation and is recognized
net of sales tax amounts collected from subscribers. Both monthly and yearly subscriptions are nonrefundable after a period of 7 days.
Paid subscriptions are automatically renewed at expiration unless cancelled by subscribers. The enforceable rights in monthly and yearly
subscription contracts are the service period. Because of the cancellation clauses for these subscriptions, the duration of these contracts
is daily, and revenue for these contracts is recognized on a daily ratable basis. The payment terms for subscriptions sold through Google
Play is net 30 days after month-end. 

Zedge Premium : Zedge Premium is our marketplace where
artists and brands can market, distribute and sell their digital content to Zedge s users. The content owner sets the price and
the user can purchase the content by paying for it with Zedge Credits, our closed virtual currency. A user can earn Zedge Credits when
taking specific actions such as watching rewarded videos or completing electronic surveys. Alternatively, users can buy Zedge Credits
with an in-app purchase. If a user purchases Zedge Credits (ranging from 500 credits for 0.99 to 14,000 credits for 19.99), Google Play
or iTunes retains up to 30 of the purchase price as its fee. When a user purchases Zedge Premium content, the artist or brand receives
70 of the actual revenue Royalty Payment and the Company receives the remaining 30 , which is recognized as revenue. 

Gross Versus Net Revenue Recognition 

We report revenue on a gross or net basis based on management s
assessment of whether we act as a principal or agent in the transaction. To the extent we act as the principal, revenue is reported on
a gross basis unless we are unable to determine the amount on a gross basis, in which case we report revenue on a net basis. The determination
of whether we act as a principal or an agent in a transaction is based on an evaluation of whether we control the good or service prior
to transfer to the customer. 

We generally report our advertising revenue net of amounts due to agencies
and brokers because we are not the primary obligor in the relevant arrangements, we do not finalize the pricing, and we do not establish
or maintain a direct relationship with the advertiser. Any advertising arrangements that are directly between us and advertisers would
be recognized on a gross basis equal to the price paid to us by the customer since we are the primary obligor and we determine the price.
Any third-party costs related to such direct relationships are recognized as direct cost of revenues. 

32 

We report subscription revenue gross of the fee retained by Google
Play, as the subscriber is our customer in the contract and we control the service prior to the transfer to the subscriber. 

Goodwill 

Goodwill is deemed to have an indefinite life and is not amortized.
Goodwill is reviewed annually (or more frequently under certain conditions) for impairment using a fair value approach. We perform our
annual or interim goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of the relevant reporting unit with its carrying amount. We would
recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit s fair value; however, the
loss recognized would not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. Additionally, we consider income tax effects
from any tax-deductible goodwill on the carrying amount of our reporting unit when measuring the goodwill impairment loss, if applicable.
We estimate the fair value of our reporting unit using the market approach. 

We have the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine
whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. However, we may elect to perform the quantitative goodwill
impairment test even if no indications of a potential impairment exist. 

For our annual impairment tests in fiscal years 2021 and 2020, our
estimated fair value exceeded our carrying value, therefore, no impairment charge was required. Calculating the fair value of the reporting
unit requires significant estimates and assumptions by management. Should our estimates or assumptions regarding the fair value of our
reporting unit prove to be incorrect, we may be required to record impairment of goodwill in future periods and such impairment could
be material. 

RECENT ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS NOT YET ADOPTED 

Recently issued accounting standards not yet adopted by us are more
fully described in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

COVID 

The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in public health responses including
travel bans, restrictions, social distancing requirements, and shelter-in place orders, which have negatively impacted our business, operations
and financial performance. While we saw a significant decrease in advertising spend when the pandemic became global in March 2020, our
daily advertising revenue has experienced a strong recovery since July 2020 through July 2021. 

We responded quickly and decisively to the challenges presented by
the pandemic in order to ensure the long-term continuity of our service. Initially, we shifted resources and priorities and focused on
streamlining our back-end infrastructure and specifically redesigning our content management system in order to better control costs while
simultaneously establishing a scalable foundation for new growth initiatives, even at the expense of new product initiatives. At the outset
of the pandemic, we instituted a hiring freeze which has subsequently been relaxed and we are starting to invest in new products, features,
and enhancements. We grew our headcount by 36 from 39 at July 31, 2020 to 53 at July 31, 2021, mostly in engineering, product and design
to execute on our product development roadmap. 

Given the unprecedented uncertainty and rapidly shifting market conditions
of the business environment, we cannot reasonably estimate the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our future financial and operational
results. At this point it is unclear whether variables including the economy, unemployment, retail sales, and advertising budgets, or
capital markets, including volatility of our stock price will impact our business. We continue to monitor the rapidly evolving situation
and guidance from international and domestic authorities, including federal, state and local public health authorities, and there may
be developments outside our control requiring us to adjust our operating plan. 

Key Performance Indicators 

Our results of operations discussion include disclosure of two
key performance indicators - Monthly Active Users (MAU) and Average Revenue Per Monthly Active User (ARPMAU). MAU is a key
performance indicator that captures the number of unique users that used our Zedge app in the last thirty days of the relevant
period, which is important to understanding the size of the user base for our Zedge app which is a significant driver of revenue.
Changes and trends in MAU are useful for measuring the general health of our business, gauging both present and potential
customers experience, assessing the efficacy of product improvements and marketing campaigns and overall user engagement.
ARPMAU is valuable because it provides insight into how well we monetize our users and the changes and trends in ARPMAU are
indications of how effective our monetization investments are. 

33 

As of July 31, 2021 MAU, was up 7.8 year over year primarily attributed
to higher user engagement. Over the past several years, we have experienced a continuing shift in the regional customer make-up with MAU
in emerging markets (particularly India) representing an increasing portion of our user base. As of July 31, 2021, users in emerging markets
represented 75 of our MAU compared to 70 a year prior. This shift has negatively impacted revenue because advertising rates in emerging
markets are materially lower than in well-developed markets. 

ARPMAU was up 76.3 for the three months ended July 31, 2021 when compared
to the same period a year ago, pointing to progress we have made in generating more value from our users, particularly from subscriptions. 

Three months ended 
 July 31, 
 
 (in millions, except ARPMAU) 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 MAU 
 34.4 
 31.9 
 
 Developed Markets MAU 
 8.5 
 9.6 
 
 Emerging Markets MAU 
 25.9 
 22.3 
 
 Emerging Markets MAU/Total MAU 
 75 
 70 

ARPMAU 
 0.0501 
 0.0284 

34 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following table set forth our consolidated statements of operations
data for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021 compared to the fiscal year ended July 31, 2020: 

(in thousands) 

Change 
 
 Fiscal year ended July 31, 
 2021 
 2020 

Revenues 
 19,569 
 9,470 
 10,099 
 106.6 
 
 Direct cost of revenues 
 1,194 
 1,195 
 (1 
 -0.1 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 9,311 
 7,110 
 2,201 
 31.0 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 1,261 
 1,568 
 (307 
 -19.6 
 
 Income (loss) from operations 
 7,803 
 (403 
 8,206 
 nm 
 
 Interest and other income, net 
 245 
 11 
 234 
 2,127.3 
 
 Net loss resulting from foreign exchange transactions 
 (2 
 (152 
 150 
 -98.7 
 
 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 
 (202 
 15 
 (217 
 nm 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 8,248 
 (559 
 8,807 
 nm 

nm-not meaningful 

The following table sets forth the composition of our revenues for
the fiscal years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020: 

Fiscal Year Ended 

July 31, 
 Changes 
 of total Revenue 

2021 
 2020 
 YoY 
 FY 21 
 FY 20 

(in thousands) 

Advertising revenue 
 15,741 
 7,410 
 112 
 80 
 78 
 
 Paid subscription revenue 
 3,311 
 1,599 
 107 
 17 
 17 
 
 Other revenues 
 517 
 461 
 12 
 3 
 5 
 
 Total Revenues 
 19,569 
 9,470 
 107 
 100 
 100 

Advertising revenue . Advertising revenue increased
112 from 7.4 million in fiscal 2020 to 15.7 million in fiscal 2021 primarily due to improvements in our ad stack and higher advertising
rates. 

Paid subscription revenue . We rolled out a subscription-based
product on Android in January 2019, whereby users of our Zedge app can pay a monthly or annual fee to remove unsolicited ads when using
our Zedge app. In general, pricing of our monthly subscriptions in the US is 0.99 per month and 4.99 for yearly subscription with different
pricing for users in other countries. Google Play processes subscription prepayment on Zedge s behalf, and retains up to 30 as
its fee. We generated 3.8 million and 2.4 million in gross prepaid subscription sales consisting of both monthly and annual subscriptions
for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020 respectively. We expect that, based on research and testing we undertake, from time
to time, the prices of our subscription in each country/region may change and we may test other plan and price variations. 

The following table summarizes subscription revenue for the fiscal
years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020. 

As of/Years Ended 
 Change 

7/31/21 
 7/31/20 
 FY 21 vs FY 20 

(in thousands, except revenue per subscriber and percentages) 
 
 Revenues 
 3,311 
 1,599 
 1,712 
 107 
 
 Active subscriptions net additions 
 248 
 370 
 (122 
 -33 
 
 Active subscriptions at end of period 
 752 
 504 
 248 
 49 
 
 Average active subscriptions 
 678 
 304 
 374 
 123 
 
 Average monthly revenue per active subscription 
 0.41 
 0.43 
 (0.02 
 -5 

Zedge Premium . We completed the initial rollout of Zedge
Premium in March 2018 to a segment of our Android user base and we expanded it to 100 of our Android user base in January 2019. In fiscal
2021, gross transaction value (the total sales volume transacting through the platform), or GTV, and net revenue generated
from Zedge Premium were 945,000 and 509,000, respectively. In fiscal 2020, GTV and net revenue generated from Zedge Premium were 728,000
and 459,000 respectively. Net revenue includes breakage related to expired Zedge Credits. 

We continue to focus on topline growth strategy by testing new monetization
drivers including a variety of ad units, in-app purchases of Zedge Credits, our virtual currency. as well as certain growth initiatives
such as new content vertical in our app and/or new app. Additionally, we may pursue synergistic acquisitions from time to time to complement
organic growth, although we can provide no assurance that any such acquisitions will be consummated. 

35 

Direct cost of revenues . Direct cost of revenues consists
primarily of content hosting and content delivery costs. 

Fiscal year ended July 31, 
 Change 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2021 
 2020 
 FY 21 vs. FY 20 
 
 Direct cost of revenues 
 1,194 
 1,195 
 (1 
 -0.1 
 
 As a percentage of revenues 
 6.1 
 12.6 

Direct cost of revenues decreased by 0.1 in fiscal 2021 to 1.194
million from 1.195 million in fiscal 2020, primarily attributable to the residual savings from the migration of our backend infrastructure
to cloud-based providers. 

As a percentage of revenue, direct cost of revenues in fiscal 2021
were 6.1 as compared to 12.6. in fiscal 2020 due primarily to the 107 increase of our revenue in fiscal 2021. 

Selling, general and administrative expense . Selling,
general and administrative expense SG A consists mainly of payroll, benefits, facilities, marketing, content acquisition
costs, consulting, professional fees, software licensing SaaS and public company related expenses. 

Fiscal year ended July 31, 
 Change 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2021 
 2020 
 FY 21 vs. FY 20 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 9,311 
 7,110 
 2,201 
 31.0 
 
 As a percentage of revenues 
 47.6 
 75.1 

SG A expenses increased 2.2 million or 31.0 in fiscal 2020 to
 9.3 million from 7.1 million in fiscal 2020. This increase was primarily attributable to compensation costs resulting from additional
headcount, higher professional and consulting fees and higher marketing fees we pay to Google for subscription sales, offset by reductions
in discretionary expenses such as rent and travel expenses. 

Our headcount totaled 53 as of July 31, 2021 compared to 39 as of July
31, 2020, with the majority of our employees currently based in Lithuania. 

SG A expenses also included non-cash stock-based compensation expense
of 523,000 and 402,000 in fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. We also opted to use Class B common stock to pay a portion of our Board
of Directors compensation and to fund 401(k) matching contributions that aggregated to 129,000 and 90,000 in fiscal 2021 and
2020, respectively. See Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report for a complete discussion of our stock-based
compensation. 

Depreciation and amortization . Depreciation and
amortization expense consists mainly of amortization of capitalized software and technology development costs of our internal developers
on various projects that we invested in specific to the various platforms on which we operate our mobile app service. 

Fiscal year ended July 31, 
 Change 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2021 
 2020 
 FY 21 vs. FY 20 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 1,261 
 1,568 
 (307 
 -19.6 
 
 As a percentage of revenues 
 6.4 
 16.6 

Depreciation and amortization expense decreased 0.3 million or 19.6
 in fiscal 2020 to 1.3 million from 1.6 million in fiscal 2020. The comparison of depreciation and amortization expenses in any given
periods can be attributed to the number of projects being amortized during those periods, as we removed fully amortized projects and added
newly completed projects in the amortization pool. 

Interest and other income, net. The increase in interest
and other income, net in fiscal 2021 when compared to fiscal 2020 was primarily due to the PPP loan forgiveness of 218,000 in fiscal
2021. See Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report for further details. 

Fiscal year ended 
 July 31, 

Change 

(in thousands) 
 
 2021 

2020 

FY 21 vs. FY 20 

Interest and other income, net 

245 

11 

234 

2127.3 

As a percentage of revenues 

1.3 

0.1 

Net loss resulting from foreign exchange transactions . 
Net loss resulting from foreign exchange transactions is comprised of gains and losses generated from movements in NOK and EUR relative
to the U.S. Dollar, including gains or losses from our currency hedging activities. 

36 

Fiscal year ended 
July 31, 
 Change 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2021 
 2020 
 FY 21 vs. FY 20 
 
 Net loss resulting from foreign exchange transactions 
 (2 
 (152 
 (150 
 -98.7 
 
 As a percentage of revenues 
 0.0 
 -1.6 

In fiscal 2021 and 2020, we incurred losses of 18,000 and 218,000,
respectively, from NOK and EUR hedging activities. 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes . During
fiscal 2021, we had pretax income of about 8 million which enabled us to utilize all the federal NOL carry forward and portions of the
NOL carry forward from states and other foreign jurisdiction. Combined with the release of the valuation allowance of 477,000, this resulted
in an income tax benefit of 202,000 for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021, an effective income tax of (2.5 ). 

Fiscal year ended 
 July 31, 
 Change 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2021 
 2020 
 FY 21 vs. FY 20 
 
 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 
 (202 
 15 
 (217 
 nm 
 
 As a percentage of revenues 
 -1.0 
 0.2 

On March 27, 2020, the CARES Act was signed into law. The
Act contains several new or changed income tax provisions, including but not limited to the following: increased limitation threshold
for determining deductible interest expense, class life changes to qualified improvements (in general, from 39 years to 15 years), and
the ability to carry back net operating losses incurred from tax years 2018 through 2020 up to the five preceding tax years. Most
of these provisions are either not applicable or have no material effect on the Company. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

General 

At July 31, 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents of 24.9 million
and working capital (current assets less current liabilities) of 23.4 million. We currently expect that our cash and cash equivalents
on hand, and our cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash requirements for the twelve months ending July
31, 2022. During fiscal 2021, we raised 15 million through sales of equity in At the Market offerings. We also maintain a revolving line
of credit of up to 2.0 million and a foreign exchange contract facility of up to 6.5 million with Western Alliance Bank, as discussed
below in Financing Activities. 

The following tables present selected financial information for the
twelve months ended July 31, 2021 and 2020: 

Fiscal year ended 
July 31, 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Cash flows provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 
 10,130 
 2,122 
 
 Investing activities 
 (5,479 
 (759 
 
 Financing activities 
 15,101 
 2,169 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
 45 
 (30 
 
 Increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 19,797 
 3,502 

Operating Activities 

Our cash flow from operations varies significantly from quarter to
quarter and from year to year, depending on our operating results and the timing of operating cash receipts and payments, specifically
trade accounts receivable and trade accounts payable. Cash provided by operating activities increased 8.0 million to 10.1 million in
fiscal 2021 from 2.1 million in fiscal 2020, primarily attributable to the higher revenues generated from our service offerings, primarily
advertising and paid subscription revenue. 

37 

Investing Activities 

On August 1, 2021, we acquired Emojipedia for up to 7.0 million including
initial cash payment of 4.8 million, with the balance to be determined based on an incentive structure linked to EBITDA generated from
emojipedia.org during the four month period following the closing of the acquisition and paid out on the six-month and twelve month anniversaries
of the closing. Given the closing occurred on Sunday, we deposited 4.8 million into an escrow account on July 30, 2021 which was classified
as other assets on our balance sheet as of July 31, 2021. See Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 

Cash used in other investing activities in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020
consisted mostly of capitalized software and technology development costs related to various projects that we invested in specific to
the various platforms on which we operate our service. 

Financing Activities 

Between December 14, 2020 and January 26, 2021, we sold 761,906 shares
of our Class B common stock at an average price of 6.5625 per share for total proceeds of 5 million in a registered At the Market 
offering through National Securities Corp. and H.C. Wainwright Co, LLC as sales agents. In connection with this offering, total
issuance costs were 215,000. We intend to use the net proceeds from this offering for general corporate purposes including organic and
other growth initiatives. 

On March 16, 2021, we filed a prospectus supplement with the SEC which
contemplates the sale, for a gross aggregate sale price of up to 10,000,000, of shares of our Class B common stock, from time to time
in at-the-market offerings pursuant to an At Market Issuance Sales Agreement with National Securities Corporation and Maxim
Group LLC dated as of March 16, 2021. Through June 11, 2021 we sold 663,686 shares at an average price of 15.0674 per share for total
proceeds of 10 million in this offering. Total issuance costs were 350,000. We intend to use the net proceeds from this offering for
general corporate purposes including organic and other growth initiatives. 

In August 2020, we obtained a loan of 181,000 to finance about 82 
of our directors and officers liability and cyber liability insurance policies, at an annual percentage interest rate of
3.89 to be repaid over nine equal monthly installments of 20,490 starting from September 1, 2020. This loan was repaid in full as of
July 31, 2021. 

On April 22, 2020, we received 218,000 in proceeds from a PPP loan
from Western Alliance Bank, which was administered by the Small Business Administration and established under the CARES Act. On November
25, 2020, we submitted the PPP Loan Forgiveness Application Form 3508EZ and on May 21, 2021, we were notified that such application for
the loan forgiveness has been approved and the loan, including accrued interest, has been deemed satisfied in full by the Small Business
Administration to Western Alliance Bank. Please see Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. 

On February 5, 2020, we closed a registered direct offering of 1,734,459
shares of its Class B common stock for net proceeds of 2.1 million from both new and existing investors. See Note 19 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

In July 2019, we obtained a loan of 140,000 to finance about 85 of
various insurance policies, at an annual percentage interest rate of 4.79 to be repaid over nine equal monthly installments of 15,976.20
starting from September 1, 2019. We repaid this loan in full as of July 31, 2020. 

We received proceeds of 873,261 from the exercise of stock options
in fiscal 2021 in connection with which we issued 559,840 shares of our Class B common stock. We received proceeds of 11,571 from the
exercise of stock options in fiscal 2020 in connection with which we issued 86,197 shares of our Class B common stock. 

We maintain a credit facility of up to 2.0 million provided by Western
Alliance Bank which is more fully described in Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this annual report
on Form 10-K. 

We do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock until we
achieve sustainable profitability and retain certain minimum cash reserves. The payment of dividends in any specific period will be at
the sole discretion of our Board of Directors. 

38 

Changes in Trade Accounts Receivable 

Gross trade accounts receivables were 2.5 million and 1.4 million
at July 31, 2021 and 2020 respectively. Our cash collections in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 were 18.4 million and 9.2 million, respectively. 

Concentration of Credit Risk and Significant Customers 

Historically, we have had very little or no bad debt, which is common
with other platforms of our size that derive their revenue from digital advertising, as we aggressively manage our collections and perform
due diligence on our customers. In addition, the majority of our revenue is derived from large, credit-worthy customers, e.g. MoPub (owned
by Twitter), Google and Facebook, and we terminate our services with smaller customers immediately upon balances becoming past due. Since
these smaller customers rely on us to derive their own revenue, they generally pay their outstanding balances on a timely basis. 

In the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021, three customers represented
30 , 22 and 12 of the Company s revenue, and in the fiscal year ended July 31, 2020, two customers represented 29 and 26 of
the Company s revenue. At July 31, 2021, two customers represented 37 and 28 of the Company s accounts receivable balance
and at July 31, 2020, two customers represented 35 and 32 of the Company s accounts receivable balance. All of these significant
customers were advertising exchanges operated by leading companies, and the receivables represent many smaller amounts due from advertisers. 

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND OTHER COMMERCIAL COMMITMENTS 

Smaller reporting companies are not required to provide the information
required by this item. 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

At July 31, 2021, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, 
as defined in relevant SEC regulations that are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, results
of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources, other than the following. 

In connection with our Spin-Off, we and IDT entered into various agreements
prior to the Spin-Off including a Separation and Distribution Agreement to effect the separation and provide a framework for our relationship
with IDT after the Spin-Off, and a Tax Separation Agreement, which sets forth the responsibilities of us and IDT with respect to, among
other things, liabilities for federal, state, local and foreign taxes for periods before and including the Spin-Off, the preparation and
filing of tax returns for such periods and disputes with taxing authorities regarding taxes for such periods. Pursuant to Separation and
Distribution Agreement, among other things, we indemnify IDT and IDT indemnifies us for losses related to the failure of the other to
pay, perform or otherwise discharge, any of the liabilities and obligations set forth in the agreement. Pursuant to the Tax Separation
Agreement, among other things, IDT indemnifies us from all liability for taxes of ours and any of our subsidiaries or relating to our
business with respect to taxable periods ending on or before the Spin-Off, and we indemnify IDT from all liability for taxes of ours and
any of our subsidiaries or relating to our business accruing after the Spin-Off. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we are responsible for,
and IDT has no obligation to indemnify us for, any tax liability of ours resulting from an audit, examination or other proceeding related
to any tax returns that relate solely to us and our subsidiaries regardless of whether such tax return relates to a period prior to or
following the Spin-Off. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risks. 

Smaller reporting companies are not required to provide the information
required by this item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company and the report
of the independent registered public accounting firm thereon starting on page F-1 are included herein. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure. 

Not applicable. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of July 31, 2021
other than the restatement as disclosed below. 

Consideration of Restatement 

In light of the restatement discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated
financial statements included in Item 1 to Part I of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A filed on November 5, 2021, our principal
executive and principal financial officers reevaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of July 31, 2021,
including whether the error identified was the result of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. As part
of this assessment, we reconsidered whether our existing disclosure controls and procedures over the evaluation of the valuation allowance
against deferred tax assets, which has been outsourced to an outside accounting firm since fiscal 2018, were operating effectively. Based
on this assessment, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
related to the valuation allowance were not effective as of July 31, 2021. We are considering remedial actions and expect to implement
them in the near future. 

39 

Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

We, the management of Zedge, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company ),
are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting of the Company. 

The Company s internal control over financial reporting is defined
in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or under the supervision
of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company s board of directors, management
and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States and includes
those policies and procedures that: 

1. Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable
detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of assets of the Company; 

2. Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts
and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 

3. Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial
statements. 

Management has assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2021. In making this assessment, the Company s management used the criteria established
in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of our internal control over financial
reporting, as prescribed above, as of July 31, 2021. Based on our evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective due to the existence of the material
weakness as described below. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial
reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial
statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Notwithstanding the material weakness described below, we have performed
additional analyses and other procedures to enable management to conclude that our consolidated financial statements included in this
Form 10-K fairly present, in all material respects, the Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for
the periods presented. 

Deficiency in our Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Based on an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation
of its controls and procedures conducted by the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, the Company has concluded that, due to the below material weakness in financial reporting, these controls and
procedures were not effective as of July 31, 2021. 

 We have identified the following material weakness in our controls: 

Management review controls related to the valuation allowance
against deferred tax assets were not effective. 

Remediation 

The Company s management plans to take steps to remediate the
material weakness identified above and improve internal control over financial reporting. Remediation of these weaknesses had not yet
been completed, and therefore these deficiencies continued to exist as of November 5, 2021. Management and our Audit Committee will monitor
remedial measures and the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures. Notwithstanding the material weakness described above,
we have performed additional analyses and other procedures to enable management to conclude that our financial statements included in
this Form 10-K fairly present, in all material respects, our financial condition and results of operations as of and for the year ended
July 31, 2021. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report
of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting because as a smaller reporting
company we are not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and
Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

40 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant, and
Corporate Governance 

The following is a list of our directors and executive officers along
with the specific information required by Rule 14a-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 

Executive Officers 

Jonathan Reich Chief Executive Officer and President 

 Yi Tsai Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

 Michael Jonas Executive Chairman 

Directors 

Michael Jonas, Chairman of the Board 

 Howard Jonas, Vice Chairman of the Board 

 Mark Ghermezian 

 Elliot Gibber 

 Paul Packer 

 Gregory Suess 

The remaining information required by this Item will be contained in
our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days
after July 31, 2021, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Corporate Governance 

We have included as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K certificates
of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer certifying the quality of our public disclosure. 

We make available free of charge through the investor relations page
of our web site investor.zedge.net our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form
8-K and all amendments to those reports, and all beneficial ownership reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed by directors, officers and beneficial
owners of more than 10 of our equity, as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. We have adopted codes of business conduct and ethics for all of our employees, including our principal executive
officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. Copies of the codes of business conduct and ethics are available
on our web site. 

Our web site and the information contained therein or incorporated
therein are not intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or our other filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy
Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after July
31, 2021, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters 

The information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy
Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after July
31, 2021, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence 

The information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy
Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after July
31, 2021, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy
Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after July
31, 2021, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

41 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

1. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on
Consolidated Financial Statements 

Consolidated Financial Statements covered
by Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

2. Financial Statement Schedule. 

All schedules have been omitted since
they are either included in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements or not required or not applicable. 

3. Exhibits. Exhibit Numbers 10.1, 10.6, 10.7, 10.8 and 10.9
are management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements. 

The exhibits listed in paragraph (b) of
this item are filed, furnished, or incorporated by reference as part of this Form 10-K. 

Certain of the agreements filed as
exhibits to this Form 10-K contain representations and warranties by the parties to the agreements that have been made solely for the
benefit of the parties to the agreement. These representations and warranties: 

may have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other parties in connection with the negotiation of the agreements, which
disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreements; 

may apply standards of materiality that differ from those of a reasonable investor; and 

were made only as of specified dates contained in the agreements and are subject to subsequent developments and changed circumstances. 

Accordingly, these representations and
warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date that these representations and warranties were made or at any other
time. Investors should not rely on them as statements of fact. 

42 

(b) Exhibits. 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description of Exhibits 

3.1(1) 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Zedge, Inc. 

3.2(2) 
 
 Second Amended and Restated By-Laws of Zedge, Inc. 

4.2(3) 
 
 Description
of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

10.1(4) 
 
 2016 Stock Option and Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated 

10.2(1) 
 
 Transition Services Agreement 

10.3(1) 
 
 Tax Separation Agreement 

10.4(5) 
 
 Google Services Agreement between Zedge, Inc. and Google, Inc., dated June 18, 2014 

10.5(6) 
 
 Marketplace for Premier Publishers Agreement between Zedge, Inc. and MoPub, Inc., dated February 20, 2013 

10.6(6) 
 
 Zedge Holdings, Inc. 2008 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated on November 1, 2011 

10.7(1) 
 
 Form of ISO Stock Option Agreement 

10.8(1) 
 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement 

10.9(1) 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement 

10.10(7) 
 
 At Market Issuance Sales Agreement among Zedge, Inc. and National Securities Corporation and H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC, dated December 9, 2020. 

21.01 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

23.01 
 
 Consent of Mayer Hoffman McCann CPAs, The New York Practice of Mayer Hoffman McCann P.C., Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

31.01 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.02 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.01 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.02 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

filed herewith. 

(1) Incorporated by reference to Form 10-12G/A, filed June 1, 2016. 

(2) Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K, filed October 28, 2019 

(3) Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K/A, filed December 9, 2020. 

(4) Incorporated by reference to the Schedule 14A, filed November 21, 2019. 

(5) Incorporated by reference to Form 10-12G/A, filed April 25, 2016. 

(6) Incorporated by reference to Form 10-12G/A, filed May 20, 2016. 

(7) Incorporated by reference to Form 8-k, filed December 9, 2020. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

43 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

ZEDGE, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Jonathan Reich 

Jonathan Reich 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Date: November 9, 2021 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the
dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Titles 
 
 Date 

/s/ Jonathan Reich 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 November 9, 2021 
 
 Jonathan Reich 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Yi Tsai 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 November 9, 2021 
 
 Yi Tsai 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal 

Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Michael Jonas 
 
 Director 
 
 November 9, 2021 
 
 Michael Jonas 

/s/ Howard S. Jonas 
 
 Director 
 
 November 9, 2021 
 
 Howard S. Jonas 

/s/ Mark Ghermezian 
 
 Director 
 
 November 9, 2021 
 
 Mark Ghermezian 

/s/ Elliot Gibber 
 
 Director 
 
 November 9, 2021 
 
 Elliot Gibber 

/s/ Paul Packer 
 
 Director 
 
 November 9, 2021 
 
 Paul Packer 

/s/ Gregory Suess 
 
 Director 
 
 November 9, 2021 
 
 Gregory Suess 

44 

Zedge, Inc. 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm- Mayer Hoffman McCann CPAs, The New York Practice of Mayer Hoffman McCann P.C. 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of July 31, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended July 31, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended July 31, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended July 31, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders of Zedge, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Zedge, Inc. (the Company as of July 31, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive
income (loss), stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as
the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as of July 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for
the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Mayer Hoffman McCann CPAs 

 (The New York Practice of Mayer Hoffman McCann P.C.) 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2018. 

New York, New York 

 November 9, 2021 

F- 2 

ZEDGE, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
(in thousands, except par value) 

July 31, 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 24,908 
 5,111 
 
 Trade accounts receivable, net of allowance of 0 at July 31, 2021 and 2020 
 2,545 
 1,407 
 
 Prepaid expenses 
 111 
 123 
 
 Other current assets 
 49 
 113 
 
 Total current assets 
 27,613 
 6,754 
 
 Property and equipment, net 
 1,980 
 2,584 
 
 Goodwill 
 2,262 
 2,196 
 
 Deferred tax assets, net 
 477 
 - 
 
 Other assets 
 5,145 
 471 
 
 Total assets 
 37,477 
 12,005 
 
 Liabilities and stockholders equity 

Current liabilities: 

Trade accounts payable 
 585 
 290 
 
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 1,771 
 1,210 
 
 Deferred revenues 
 1,821 
 1,338 
 
 Total current liabilities 
 4,177 
 2,838 
 
 Loans Payable 
 - 
 218 
 
 Other liabilities 
 145 
 64 
 
 Total liabilities 
 4,322 
 3,120 
 
 Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, .01 par value; authorized shares 2,400; no shares issued 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class A common stock, .01 par value; authorized shares 2,600; 525 shares issued and outstanding at July 31, 2021 and 2020 
 5 
 5 
 
 Class B common stock, .01 par value; authorized shares 40,000; 13,923 shares issued and 13,865 shares outstanding at July 31, 2021, and 11,788 shares issued and 11,749 ouststanding at July 31, 2020 
 139 
 118 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 41,664 
 25,725 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 (997 
 (1,085 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (7,554 
 (15,802 
 
 Treasury stock, 58 shares at July 31, 2021 and 40 shares at July 31, 2020, at cost 
 (102 
 (76 
 
 Total stockholders equity 
 33,155 
 8,885 
 
 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 37,477 
 12,005 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

ZEDGE, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
(in thousands, except per share data) 

Year ended July 31, 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Revenues 
 19,569 
 9,470 
 
 Costs and expenses: 

Direct cost of revenues (exclusive of amortization of capitalized software and technology development costs included below) 
 1,194 
 1,195 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 9,311 
 7,110 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 1,261 
 1,568 

Income (loss) from operations 
 7,803 
 (403 
 
 Interest and other income, net 
 245 
 11 
 
 Net loss resulting from foreign exchange transactions 
 (2 
 (152 
 
 Income (loss) before income taxes 
 8,046 
 (544 
 
 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 
 (202 
 15 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 8,248 
 (559 
 
 Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Changes in foreign currency translation adjustment 
 88 
 (100 
 
 Total other comprehensive income (loss) 
 88 
 (100 
 
 Total comprehensive income (loss) 
 8,336 
 (659 

Income (loss) per share attributable to Zedge, Inc. common stockholders: 

Basic 
 0.63 
 (0.05 
 
 Diluted 
 0.59 
 (0.05 
 
 Weighted-average number of shares used in calculation of income (loss) per share: 

Basic 
 13,156 
 11,126 
 
 Diluted 
 14,038 
 11,126 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 4 

ZEDGE, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
(in thousands) 

Class A 
Common Stock 
 Class B 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Treasury 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Loss 
 Deficit 
 Stock 
 Equity 
 
 Balance - July 31, 2019 
 525 
 5 
 9,876 
 99 
 23,131 
 (985 
 (15,243 
 (47 
 6,960 
 
 Net proceeds from sales of Class B Common Stock 
 - 
 - 
 1,734 
 17 
 2,092 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 2,109 
 
 Exercise of stock options 
 - 
 - 
 86 
 1 
 11 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 12 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 66 
 1 
 450 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 451 
 
 Stock issued for matching contributions to the 401(k) Plan 

26 
 - 
 41 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 41 
 
 Purchase of treasury stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (29 
 (29 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (100 
 - 
 - 
 (100 
 
 Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (559 
 - 
 (559 
 
 Balance - July 31, 2020 
 525 
 5 
 11,788 
 118 
 25,725 
 (1,085 
 (15,802 
 (76 
 8,885 
 
 Net proceeds from sales of Class B Common Stock 
 - 
 - 
 1,426 
 14 
 14,421 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 14,435 
 
 Exercise of stock options 
 - 
 - 
 560 
 6 
 867 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 873 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 142 
 1 
 612 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 613 
 
 Stock issued for matching contributions to the 401(k) Plan 
 - 
 - 
 7 
 - 
 39 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 39 
 
 Purchase of treasury stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (26 
 (26 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 88 
 - 
 - 
 88 
 
 Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 8,248 
 - 
 8,248 
 
 Balance - July 31, 2021 
 525 
 5 
 13,923 
 139 
 41,664 
 (997 
 (7,554 
 (102 
 33,155 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

ZEDGE, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
(in thousands) 

Year ended July 31, 
 2021 
 2020 

Operating activities 

Net income (loss) 
 8,248 
 (559 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 
 1,261 
 1,568 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 652 
 492 
 
 Deferred income taxes 
 (477 
 - 
 
 PPP loan forgiveness 
 (218 
 - 
 
 Change in assets and liabilities: 

Trade accounts receivable 
 (1,138 
 (274 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 257 
 247 
 
 Other assets 
 232 
 (55 
 
 Trade accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 830 
 (118 
 
 Deferred revenue 
 483 
 821 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 10,130 
 2,122 
 
 Investing activities 

Deposit made to escrow account related to the Emojipedia acquisition 
 (4,776 
 - 
 
 Capitalized software and technology development costs and purchase of equipment 
 (653 
 (759 
 
 Investment in SAFE 
 (50 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (5,479 
 (759 
 
 Financing activities 

Proceeds from sales of Class B Common Stock 
 15,000 
 2,250 
 
 Payment of issuance costs 
 (565 
 (141 
 
 Proceeds from PPP loan payable 
 - 
 218 
 
 Repayment of insurance premium loan payable 
 (181 
 (141 
 
 Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
 873 
 12 
 
 Purchase of treasury stock in connection with restricted stock vesting 
 (26 
 (29 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 15,101 
 2,169 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
 45 
 (30 
 
 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 19,797 
 3,502 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
 5,111 
 1,609 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 24,908 
 5,111 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash payments made for income taxes 
 1 
 1 
 
 Cash payments made for interest expenses 
 3 
 3 
 
 SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Note payable issued for insurance premium financing 
 181 
 - 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

ZEDGE, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1 Description of Business and Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies 

Description of Business 

Zedge, Inc. (the Company operates a state-of-the-art
digital publishing platform that powers Zedge Ringtones and Wallpapers, available in the Google Play store and App Store, which offers
an easy, entertaining and immersive way for end-users to engage with our rich and diverse catalogue of wallpapers, video wallpapers, ringtones,
notification sounds on Android and wallpapers, video wallpapers, ringtones and custom icon packs on iOS. The Company secures its content
from amateur and professional artists, and also from emerging and major brands. Artists have the ability to easily launch a virtual storefront
in the Company s Zedge app where they can market and sell their content to the Company s user base. That same platform powers
an entertainment app called Shortz Chat Stories by Zedge , which is focused on serialized, short-form, fiction stories,
as a beta that runs on the Company s publishing platform. Over the past year, the Company has been expanding its content catalogue,
started testing audio versions of a selected number of stories, materially improved its ability to measure all types of engagement within
the app, and invested a modest budget in paid user acquisition. In August of 2021, the Company acquired Emojipedia, the leading source
of all things emoji. The Company conducts business as a single operating segment. 

The Company s fiscal year ends on July 31 of each calendar
year. Each reference below to a fiscal year refers to the fiscal year ending in the calendar year indicated (e.g., fiscal 2021 refers
to the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021). 

The Spin-Off 

The Company was formerly a majority-owned subsidiary of IDT Corporation IDT ). On June 1, 2016, IDT s interest in the Company was spun-off by IDT to IDT s stockholders and the Company
became an independent public company through a pro rata distribution of the Company s common stock held by IDT to IDT s stockholders
(the Spin-Off ). 

COVID-19 Impact on Financial and Operational Results 

The COVID-19 pandemic has caused, and continues to cause, widespread
economic disruption impacting the Company in a number of ways, most notably, with a significant decrease in global advertising spend in
the third quarter of fiscal 2020, followed by a rebound in the following five consecutive quarters. The Company expects the extent of
the impact on its financial and operational results will continue to depend on the duration and severity of the economic disruption caused
by the COVID-19 pandemic, including demand for new phones sales worldwide - a driver of new installs of the Company s flagship app. 

As of July 31, 2021, the Company had 24.9 million of cash and cash
equivalents, including a net of 14.4 million raised from the previously announced at-the-market offering of shares of the
Company s Class B common stock (see Note 18). The Company has developed certain contingency plans to preserve liquidity if such
actions become necessary due to worsening economic conditions, including, among others, those related to the COVID-19 pandemic. At the
current time, the Company does not believe taking such actions would be prudent nor does it expect to need to take such actions based
on its current forecasts. The Company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents, together with cash generated by operations
will be sufficient to meet its working capital and capital expenditure requirements for the foreseeable future when accounting for the
ill effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. 

The Company considered the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on its
significant estimates and judgments used in applying its accounting policies in fiscal 2021 and 2020. In light of the pandemic, there
is a greater degree of uncertainty in applying these judgments and depending on the duration and severity of the pandemic, changes to
its estimates and judgments could result in a meaningful impact to its financial statements in future periods. 

F- 7 

Principles of Consolidation 

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company
and its wholly owned subsidiary. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results may differ from those estimates. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company generates revenue from three sources: (1) Advertising;
(2) Paid Subscriptions and (3) Zedge Premium and Others. The substantial majority of the Company s revenue is generated from selling
its advertising inventory Advertising Revenue to advertising networks, advertising exchanges, and direct arrangements
with advertisers. The Company s monthly and yearly subscriptions allow users to prepay a fixed fee to remove unsolicited advertisements
from its Android Zedge app although the Company is working on adding additional capabilities to subscriptions including offering subscriptions
to iOS Zedge App users. In Zedge Premium, the Company retains 30 as fee when users purchase licensed content using Zedge Credits or unlock
licensed content by watching a video or taking a survey on Zedge Premium. 

Advertising Revenue : The Company generates the bulk of
its revenue from selling its Zedge app s advertising inventory to advertising networks and advertising exchanges and direct sales
to advertisers. 

Advertising Networks. An advertising network is a third-party relationship where buyers of advertising inventory go to purchase either
specific targeted inventory or a large scale of inventory at a set price. Advertising Networks serve as an indirect source of advertising
fill to a variety of branded ad campaigns and performance-based ad campaigns. 

Advertising Exchanges. An advertising exchange is similar to an advertising network, except that the exchange typically bids in real-time
for inventory. Advertisers may utilize an exchange when looking for scale or specific audiences, and accept that the price will vary based
on when and how much volume of inventory they wish to buy. 

Direct Sales to Advertisers. In prior periods, we sold, and we currently retain the ability to sell, advertising directly to advertisers
through contractual relationships. These relationships historically offered higher than average pricing than realized from sales via advertising
networks or advertising exchanges. We had no direct sales of advertising during fiscal 2021 and have no current expectation that this
will represent a material portion of our sales in the near term. 

The Company recognize advertising revenue as advertisements are delivered
to users through impressions or ad views (depending on the terms agreed upon with the advertiser). For in-app display ads, in-app offers,
engagement advertisements and other advertisements, the Company s performance obligation is satisfied over the life of the relevant
contract (i.e., over time), with revenue being recognized as advertising units are delivered. The advertiser may compensate the Company
on a cost-per-impression, cost-per-click, cost-per-action basis. 

Paid Subscription Revenue : Beginning in January 2019,
the Company started offering monthly and yearly paid subscription services sold through Google Play. When a customer subscribes, they
execute a clickthrough agreement with Zedge outlining the terms and conditions between Zedge and the subscriber. Google Play processes
subscription prepayment on Zedge s behalf, and retains up to 30 as its fee. Paid subscription revenue is a series type performance
obligation and is recognized net of sales tax amounts collected from subscribers. Both monthly and yearly subscriptions are nonrefundable
after a period of 7 days. Paid subscriptions are automatically renewed at expiration unless cancelled by subscribers. The enforceable
rights in monthly and yearly subscription contracts are the service period. Because of the cancellation clauses for these subscriptions,
the duration of these contracts is daily, and revenue for these contracts is recognized on a daily ratable basis. The payment terms for
subscriptions sold through Google Play is net 30 days after month-end. 

F- 8 

Zedge
Premium : Zedge Premium is the Company s marketplace where artists and brands can market, distribute and sell their digital
content to Zedge s users. The content owner sets the price and the end user can purchase the content by paying for it with Zedge
Credits, the Company s closed virtual currency. A user can earn Zedge Credits when taking specific actions such as watching rewarded
videos or completing electronic surveys. Alternatively, users can buy Zedge Credits with an in-app purchase. If a user purchases Zedge
Credits (ranging from 500 credits for 0.99 to 14,000 credits for 19.99), Google Play or iTunes retains 30 of the purchase price as
its fee. When a user purchases Zedge Premium content, the artist or brand receives 70 of the actual revenue Royalty Payment and the Company receives the remaining 30 , which is recognized as revenue. 

Gross Versus Net Revenue Recognition 

The Company reports revenue on a gross or net basis based on management s
assessment of whether the Company acts as a principal or agent in the transaction. To the extent the Company acts as the principal, revenue
is reported on a gross basis unless the Company is unable to determine the amount on a gross basis, in which case the Company reports
revenue on a net basis. The determination of whether the Company act as a principal or an agent in a transaction is based on an evaluation
of whether the Company control the good or service prior to transfer to the customer. 

The Company generally reports its advertising revenue net of amounts
due to agencies and brokers because the Company is not the primary obligor in the relevant arrangements, the Company does not finalize
the pricing, and the Company does not establish or maintain a direct relationship with the advertiser. Certain advertising arrangements
that are directly between the Company and advertisers are recognized on a gross basis equal to the price paid to the Company by the customer
since the Company is the primary obligor and the Company determines the price. Any third-party costs related to such direct relationships
are recognized as direct cost of revenues. 

The Company reports subscription revenue gross of the fee retained
by Google Play, as the subscriber is the Company s customer in the contract and the Company controls the service prior to the transfer
to the subscriber. 

Concentration of Credit Risk and Significant Customers 

Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration
of credit risk consist principally of cash, cash equivalents and trade accounts receivable. The Company holds cash and cash equivalents
at several major financial institutions, which may exceed FDIC insured limits. Historically, the Company has not experienced any losses
due to such concentration of credit risk. The Company s temporary cash investments policy is to limit the dollar amount of investments
with any one financial institution and monitor the credit ratings of those institutions. While the Company may be exposed to credit losses
due to the nonperformance of the holders of its deposits, the Company does not expect the settlement of these transactions to have a material
effect on its results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

The Company routinely assesses the financial strength of its customers.
As a result, the Company believes that its accounts receivable credit risk exposure is limited and has not experienced significant write-downs
in its accounts receivable balances. In the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021, three customers represented 30 , 22 and 12 of the Company s
revenue, and in the fiscal year ended July 31, 2020, two customers represented 29 and 26 of the Company s revenue. At July 31,
2021, two customers represented 37 and 28 of the Company s accounts receivable balance and at July 31, 2020, two customers represented
35 and 32 of the Company s accounts receivable balance. All of these significant customers are advertising exchanges operated
by leading companies, and the receivables represent many smaller amounts due from advertisers. 

F- 9 

Direct Cost of Revenues 

Direct cost of revenues for the Company consists of fees paid to third
parties that provide the Company with internet hosting, content serving and filtering, and marketing automation services. Such costs are
charged to expense as incurred. 

Long-Lived Assets 

Property and equipment is recorded at cost and depreciated on a straight-line
basis over its estimated useful lives, which range as follows: capitalized software and technology development costs 3 years; and
other 5 years. Other is comprised of furniture and fixtures, office equipment, video conference equipment, computer hardware and
computer software. 

The Company tests the recoverability of its long-lived assets with
finite useful lives whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable.
The Company tests for recoverability based on the projected undiscounted cash flows to be derived from such asset. If the projected undiscounted
future cash flows are less than the carrying value of the asset, the Company will record an impairment loss, if any, based on the difference
between the estimated fair value and the carrying value of the asset. The Company generally measures fair value by considering sale prices
for similar assets or by discounting estimated future cash flows from such asset using an appropriate discount rate. Cash flow projections
and fair value estimates require significant estimates and assumptions by management. Should the estimates and assumptions prove to be
incorrect, the Company may be required to record impairments in future periods and such impairments could be material. 

Capitalized Software and Technology Development Costs 

The Company accounts for capitalized software and technology development
costs in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Codification ASC ASC 350-40. These costs consist of internal development costs on various projects that the Company invested in specific to the various
platforms on which the Company operates its service that are capitalized during the application development stage. Capitalized software
and technology development costs are included in property and equipment, net and are amortized over the estimated useful life of the software,
generally three years. All ordinary maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. 

Goodwill 

Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price and related costs
over the value assigned to the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets of the business acquired. Under ASC 350, Intangibles-Goodwill
and Other , goodwill is not amortized, but instead is tested for impairment annually, or if certain circumstances indicate a possible
impairment may exist. The Company determined that it is a single reporting unit for its annual impairment test. 

The Company performs its annual, or interim, goodwill impairment test
by comparing the fair value of its reporting unit with its carrying amount. The Company would recognize an impairment charge for the amount
by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit s fair value; however, the loss recognized would not exceed the total amount
of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. Additionally, the Company considers income tax effects from any tax-deductible goodwill
on the carrying amount of its reporting unit when measuring the goodwill impairment loss, if applicable. 

The Company s estimated fair value exceeded its carrying value
in Step 1 of the Company s annual impairment tests as of May 1st for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020. The Company
concluded that no goodwill impairment existed in the fiscal years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020. The Company uses the market approach for
its Step 1 analysis. 

F- 10 

Investments 

From time to time, when opportunities present themselves, the Company
considers strategic investments in privately-held companies. The Company s investment at July 31, 2021, is a simple agreement for
future equity (SAFE) in which the Company receives the right to receive equity at some later date. Investments in SAFE s are carried
at cost due to insufficient observable market inputs to determine fair value. The Company adjusts the carrying value of its investments
to fair value upon observable transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer or upon impairment (referred to as
the measurement alternative). All gains and losses on investments, realized and unrealized, are recognized in interest and other income,
net in the consolidated statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). 

The Company periodically evaluates the carrying value of the investments,
when events and circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the investment may not be recovered. The Company estimates the fair
value of the investment to assess whether impairment losses shall be recorded using Level 3 inputs. This investment includes the Company s
holding that is not exchange traded and therefore not supported with observable market prices; hence, the Company may determine the fair
value by reviewing equity valuation reports, current financial results, long-term plans of the private company, the amount of cash that
the privately-held company has on-hand, the ability to obtain additional financing and overall market conditions in which the private
company operates or based on the price observed from the most recent completed financing. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original
maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. 

Income Taxes 

The accompanying financial statements include provisions for federal,
state and foreign income taxes. The Company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences attributable
to temporary differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax
bases. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be
realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets depends on the generation of future taxable income during the period in which
related temporary differences become deductible. The Company considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future
taxable income and tax planning strategies in its assessment of a valuation allowance. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using the enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered
or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes
the enactment date of such change. 

The Company uses a two-step approach for recognizing and measuring
tax benefits taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The Company determines whether it is more-likely-than-not that a tax position
will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits
of the position. In evaluating whether a tax position has met the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, the Company presumes that
the position will be examined by the appropriate taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. Tax positions that
meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured to determine the amount of tax benefit to recognize in the financial
statements. The tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon
ultimate settlement. Differences between tax positions taken in a tax return and amounts recognized in the financial statements will generally
result in one or more of the following: an increase in a liability for income taxes payable, a reduction of an income tax refund receivable,
a reduction in a deferred tax asset, or an increase in a deferred tax liability. 

The Company classifies interest and penalties on income taxes as a
component of income tax expense. 

F- 11 

Contingencies 

The Company accrues for loss contingencies when both (a) information
available prior to issuance of the financial statements indicates that it is probable that a liability had been incurred at the date of
the financial statements and (b) the amount of loss can reasonably be estimated. When the Company accrues for loss contingencies
and the reasonable estimate of the loss is within a range, the Company records its best estimate within the range. When no amount within
the range is a better estimate than any other amount, the Company accrues the minimum amount in the range. The Company discloses an estimated
possible loss or a range of loss when it is at least reasonably possible that a loss may have been incurred. 

Earnings Per Share 

Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income attributable
to all classes of common stockholders of the Company by the weighted average number of shares of all classes of common stock outstanding
during the applicable period. Diluted earnings per share is computed in the same manner as basic earnings per share, except that the number
of shares is increased to include restricted stock still subject to risk of forfeiture and to assume exercise of potentially dilutive
stock options using the treasury stock method, unless the effect of such increase is anti-dilutive. 

The weighted-average number of shares used in the calculation of basic
and diluted earnings per share attributable to the Company s common stockholders consists of the following: 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

(in thousands) 
 2021 
 2020 

(in thousands) 
 
 Basic weighted-average number of shares 
 13,156 
 11,126 
 
 Effect of dilutive securities: 

Stock options 
 784 
 - 
 
 Non-vested restricted Class B common stock 
 66 
 - 
 
 Deferred stock units 
 32 
 - 
 
 Diluted weighted-average number of shares 
 14,038 
 11,126 

The following shares were excluded from the diluted earnings per share
computation because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive: 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

(in thousands) 
 2021 
 2020 

Stock options 
 31 
 1,227 
 
 Non-vested restricted Class B common stock 
 - 
 105 
 
 Deferred stock units 
 - 
 61 
 
 Shares excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share 
 31 
 1,393 

For fiscal 2020, the diluted earnings per share equals basic earnings
per share because the Company had a net loss and the impact of the assumed exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted stock
and deferred stock units would have been anti-dilutive. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

The Company recognizes compensation expense for all of its grants
of stock-based awards based on the estimated fair value on the grant date. Compensation cost for awards is recognized using the straight-line
method over the vesting period. Stock-based compensation is included in selling, general and administrative expense. 

F- 12 

Fair Value Measurements 

Fair value of financial and non-financial assets and liabilities is
defined as an exit price, which is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. The three-tier hierarchy for inputs used to measure fair value, which prioritizes
the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value, is as follows: 

Level 1 
 
 quoted prices
 (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2 
 
 quoted prices for similar
 assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly
 through market corroboration, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. 

Level 3 
 
 unobservable inputs
 based on the Company s assumptions used to measure assets and liabilities at fair value. 

A financial asset or liability s classification within the hierarchy
is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The assessment of the significance of
a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment, and may affect the valuation of the assets and liabilities being measured
and their placement within the fair value hierarchy. 

Derivative Instruments Foreign Exchange Forward Contracts 

The Company s earnings and cash flows are subject to fluctuations
due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily the U.S. Dollar Norwegian
Krone NOK and Euro EUR exchange rates. The Company s risk management policy allows for the use of
derivative financial instruments to prudently manage foreign currency exchange rate exposure. Foreign currency derivative activities are
subject to the management, direction and control of the executive management. Foreign exchange forward contracts are recognized on the
consolidated balance sheet at their fair value in Other current assets or Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ,
and changes in fair value are recognized in Net loss resulting from foreign exchange transactions in the consolidated statements
of Comprehensive Income (Loss). 

Functional Currency 

The U.S. Dollar is the Company s
functional currency. The functional currencies for the Company s subsidiaries that operate outside of the United States are NOK
for Zedge Europe AS and EUR for Zedge Lithuania UAB which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Zedge Europe AS, which are the currencies of
the primary economic environments in which they primarily expend cash. The Company translates assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
currencies to U.S. Dollars at the exchange rate in effect as of the financial statement date, and translates accounts from the statements
of Comprehensive Income (Loss) using the weighted average exchange rate for the period. Gains or losses resulting from foreign currency
translations are recorded in Accumulated other Comprehensive Income (Loss) in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
Foreign currency transaction gains and losses including gains and losses from currency exchange rate changes related to intercompany receivables
and payables are reported in Net loss resulting from foreign exchange transactions in the accompanying consolidated
statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). 

Allowance for Credit Losses 

The allowance for credit losses reflects the Company s best estimate
of probable losses inherent in the accounts receivable balance. The allowance is determined based on known troubled accounts, historical
experience and other currently available evidence. Bad debts are written-off upon final determination that the trade accounts will not
be collected. 

Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Comprehensive income (loss) consists of two components, net income
(loss) and other comprehensive income (loss). Other comprehensive income (loss) refers to gains and losses that are recorded as an element
of stockholders equity and are excluded from net income (loss). The Company s other comprehensive income (loss) and accumulated
other Comprehensive Income (Loss) are comprised principally of foreign currency translation adjustments. 

F- 13 

Operating and Finance Leases 

The Company has operating leases primarily for office space. The determination
of whether an arrangement is a lease or contains a lease is made at inception by evaluating whether the arrangement conveys the right
to use ROU an identified asset and whether the Company obtains substantially all of the economic benefits from and has
the ability to direct the use of the asset. Operating leases are included in other assets, accrued expenses and other current liabilities,
and other liabilities, on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The Company does not have any finance leases. 

Leases with a term greater than one year are recognized on the Consolidated
Balance Sheet in the line items cited above. The Company has elected not to recognize leases with terms of one year or less on the Consolidated
Balance Sheets. Lease obligations and their corresponding ROU assets are recorded based on the present value of lease payments over the
expected lease term. As the interest rate implicit in lease contracts is typically not readily determinable, the Company utilizes the
appropriate incremental borrowing rate, which is the rate incurred to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term an amount equal
to the lease payments in a similar economic environment. The lease term may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is
reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option. 

The Company has elected to combine lease components (including land,
building or other similar items) and non-lease components (including common area maintenance, maintenance, consumables, or other similar
items) as a single component and therefore the non-lease components are included the calculation of the present value of lease payments.
The lease expense is recognized over the expected term on a straight-line basis. 

Recently Adopted Accounting Standards 

In June 2016, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-13,
 Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments (ASU 2016-13) which changes
the impairment model for most financial assets and certain other instruments. For receivables, loans and other instruments, entities will
be required to use a new forward-looking expected loss model that generally will result in the earlier recognition of allowance
for losses. For available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized losses, entities will measure credit losses in a manner similar to
current practice, except the losses will be recognized as allowances instead of reductions in the amortized cost of the securities. In
addition, an entity will have to disclose significantly more information about allowances, credit quality indicators and past due securities.
The Company adopted this new accounting standard on August 1, 2020, and the adoption did not have a material impact on the Company s
financial statements and related disclosures. 

In August 2018, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update No. 2018-13, Changes
to Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurements (Topic 820) (ASU 2018-13), which improved the effectiveness of disclosure requirements
for recurring and nonrecurring fair value measurements. The standard removes, modifies, and adds certain disclosure requirements. The
Company adopted this new accounting standard on August 1, 2020, and the adoption did not have a material impact on the Company s
financial statements and related disclosures. 

In August 2018, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update No. 2018-15,
 Customer s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract (ASU
2018-15) , which aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service
contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software. The Company
adopted this new accounting standard on August 1, 2020, using the prospective method, and the adoption did not have a material impact
on the Company s financial statements and related disclosures. 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted 

In December 2019, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update No. 2019-12, Income
Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes (ASU 2019-12), which simplifies the accounting for income taxes. This
guidance will be effective for the Company in the first quarter of fiscal 2022 on a prospective basis, and early adoption is permitted.
The Company will adopt the new standard effective August 1, 2021 and does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material
impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

F- 14 

Note 2 Revenue 

Disaggregation of Revenue 

The following table summarizes revenue by type of monetization mechanisms
of the Zedge app for the periods presented: 

Fiscal Year Ended 

July 31, 

2021 
 2020 

(in thousands) 
 
 Advertising revenue 
 15,741 
 7,410 
 
 Paid subscription revenue 
 3,311 
 1,599 
 
 Other revenues 
 517 
 461 
 
 Total Revenues 
 19,569 
 9,470 

Contract Balances 

Deferred revenues 

The Company records deferred revenues related to the unsatisfied performance
obligations with respect to subscription revenue. As of July 31, 2021, the Company s deferred revenue balance related to subscriptions
was approximately 1,603,000, representing approximately 752,000 active subscribers. As of July 31, 2020, the Company s deferred
revenue balance related to subscriptions was approximately 1,169,000, representing approximately 504,000 active subscribers which was
recognized during fiscal 2021. 

The Company also records deferred revenues when users purchase or earn
Zedge Credits. Unused Zedge Credits represent the value of the Company s unsatisfied performance obligation to its users. Revenue
is recognized when Zedge App users redeem Zedge Credits to acquire Zedge Premium content or upon expiration of the Zedge Credits upon
180 days of account inactivity. As of July 31, 2021, and 2020, the Company s deferred revenue balance related to Zedge Premium was
approximately 218,000 and 169,000, respectively. 

Total deferred revenues increased 483,000 from 1,338,000 at July
31, 2020 to 1,821,000 at July 31, 2021, primarily due to the Company s increased subscriptions sales as discussed above. 

Significant Judgments 

The advertising networks and advertising exchanges to which the Company
sell its inventory track and report the impressions to Zedge and Zedge recognizes revenues based on these reports. The networks and exchanges
base their payments off of those reports and Zedge independently compares the data to each of the client sites to validate the imported
data and identify any differences. The number of impressions delivered by the advertising networks and advertising exchanges is determined
at the end of each month, which resolves any uncertainty in the transaction price during the reporting period. 

Practical Expedients 

The Company expenses the fees retained by Google Play related to the
subscriptions revenue when incurred because the duration of the contracts for which the Company pay commissions are less than one year.
These costs are included in the selling, general and administrative expenses of the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). 

F- 15 

Note 3 Fair Value Measurements 

The following table presents the balance of assets and liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis: 

Level 1 (1) 
 Level 2 (2) 
 Level 3 (3) 
 Total 

(in thousands) 
 
 July 31, 2021 

Assets: 

Foreign exchange forward contracts 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Liabilities: 

Foreign exchange forward contracts 
 - 
 54 
 - 
 54 

July 31, 2020 

Assets: 

Foreign exchange forward contracts 
 - 
 10 
 - 
 10 

Liabilities: 

Foreign exchange forward contracts 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Fair Value of Other Financial Instruments 

The Company s other financial instruments at July 31, 2021 and
2020 included trade accounts receivable, trade accounts payable, and other loan payable. The carrying amounts of the trade accounts receivable,
trade accounts payable, and other loans payable approximated fair value due to their short-term nature. 

Note 4 Derivative Instruments 

The primary risk managed by the Company using derivative instruments
is foreign exchange risk. Foreign exchange forward contracts are entered into as hedges against unfavorable fluctuations in the U.S. Dollar
to NOK and EUR exchange rates. The Company is party to a Foreign Exchange Agreement with Western Alliance Bank allowing the Company to
enter into foreign exchange contracts under its revolving credit facility with the bank (see Note 15). The Company does not apply hedge
accounting to these contracts; therefore the changes in fair value are recorded in earnings. By using derivative instruments to mitigate
exposures to changes in foreign exchange rates, the Company is exposed to credit risk from the failure of the counterparty to perform
under the terms of the contract. The credit or repayment risk is minimized by entering into transactions with high-quality counterparties. 

The outstanding contracts at July 31, 2021 were as follows: 

Settlement Date 
 U.S. Dollar 
 Amount 
 NOK 
 Amount 
 
 Aug-21 
 200,000 
 1,683,215 
 
 Sep-21 
 200,000 
 1,683,275 
 
 Oct-21 
 200,000 
 1,683,515 
 
 Nov-21 
 200,000 
 1,683,755 

Total 
 800,000 
 6,733,760 

F- 16 

Settlement Date 
 U.S. Dollar 
 Amount 
 EUR 
 Amount 
 
 Aug-21 
 250,000 
 206,873 
 
 Sep-21 
 250,000 
 206,753 
 
 Oct-21 
 250,000 
 206,616 
 
 Nov-21 
 250,000 
 206,463 

1,000,000 
 826,705 

The fair value of outstanding derivative instruments recorded in the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets were as follows: 

July 31, (in thousands) 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Assets and Liabilities Derivatives: 
 Balance Sheet Location 

Derivatives not designated or not qualifying as hedging instruments 

Foreign exchange forward contracts 
 Other current assets 
 - 
 10 
 
 Foreign exchange forward contracts 
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 54 
 - 

The effects of derivative instruments on the consolidated statements
of Comprehensive Income (Loss) were as follows: 

Amount of Loss Recognized on Derivatives 
 Year ended July 31, 
 (in thousands) 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Derivatives not designated or not qualifying as hedging instruments 
 Location of Loss Recognized on Derivatives 

Foreign exchange forward contracts 
 Net loss resulting from foreign exchange transactions 
 (18 
 (218 

Note 5 Property and Equipment 

Property and equipment consisted of the following: 

July 31, 
 (in thousands) 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Capitalized software and technology development costs 
 7,845 
 7,246 
 
 Other 
 372 
 324 

8,217 
 7,570 
 
 Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 
 (6,237 
 (4,986 
 
 Total 
 1,980 
 2,584 

Depreciation and amortization expense pertaining to property and equipment
was 1.3 million and 1.6 million for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Note 6 Goodwill 

The Company s goodwill related to an acquisition made in a prior
period and is carried on the balance sheet of Zedge Europe AS. 

F- 17 

The table below reconciles the change in the carrying amount of goodwill
for the period from July 31, 2019 to July 31, 2021: 

(in thousands) 

Balance at July 31, 2019 
 2,266 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments 
 (70 
 
 Balance at July 31, 2020 
 2,196 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments 
 66 
 
 Balance at July 31, 2021 
 2,262 

Note 7 Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities 

Accrued expenses consist of the following: 

July 31, 

(in thousands) 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Accrued vacation 
 424 
 392 
 
 Accrued income taxes payable 
 264 
 - 
 
 Accrued payroll taxes 
 291 
 274 
 
 Accrued payroll and bonuses 
 374 
 132 
 
 Operating lease liability 
 86 
 232 
 
 Derivative liability 
 54 
 - 
 
 Due to artists 
 246 
 136 
 
 Other 
 32 
 44 
 
 Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 1,771 
 1,210 

Note 8 Equity 

Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock 

The rights of holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock
are identical except for certain voting and conversion rights and restrictions on transferability. The holders of Class A common stock
and Class B common stock have the right to receive identical dividends per share if and when declared by the Company s Board of
Directors. In addition, the holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock have identical and equal priority rights per share
in liquidation. The Class A common stock and Class B common stock do not have any other contractual participation rights. The holders
of Class A common stock are entitled to three votes per share and the holders of Class B common stock are entitled to one-tenth of a vote
per share. Each share of Class A common stock may be converted into one share of Class B common stock, at any time, at the option of the
holder. Shares of Class A common stock are subject to certain limitations on transferability that do not apply to shares of Class B common
stock. 

Note 9 Commitments and Contingencies 

Legal Proceedings 

In March 2014, Saregama India, Limited filed a lawsuit against the
Company before the Barasat District Court, seeking approximately 1.6 million as damages and an injunction for copyright infringement.
Saregama India alleged that the Company made available Saregama India s sound recordings through the Company s platform with
full knowledge that the sound recordings had been uploaded and were being communicated to the public without obtaining any license from
Saregama India. On August 20, 2019, the Court lifted the injunction and, subsequently, Saregama India executed a consent pursuant to which
the case against the Company was dismissed. 

F- 18 

The Company may from time to time be subject to other legal proceedings
that arise in the ordinary course of business. Although there can be no assurance in this regard, the Company does not expect any of those
legal proceedings to have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

Note 10 Leases 

The Company has operating leases primarily for office space. Effective
April 1, 2021, the Company moved its main office in Trondheim, Norway with 11,600 square feet of office space to a 4,900 square foot facility.
There were nine months left on the lease agreement for the old office space and the Company recognized 14,000 gain as a result of the
lease termination. As of March 31, 2021 the Company recorded 281,000 in ROU assets and the same amount for the lease liabilities for
the new lease which has a three year term. 

The following table presents the lease-related assets and liabilities
for leases recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet (in thousands) as of July 31, 2021 and 2020: 

As of July 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Operating leases: 

Other assets 
 243 
 317 

Other current liabilities 
 86 
 232 
 
 Other liabilities 
 145 
 64 
 
 Total operating lease liabilities 
 231 
 296 

The following table summarizes the weighted average remaining lease
term and weighted average discount rate as of July 31, 2021 and 2020: 

As of July 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Weighted average remaining lease term: 

Operating leases 
 2.67 years 
 1.42 years 
 
 Weighted average discount rate: 

Operating leases 
 1.00 
 5.00 

Future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable leases at July
31, 2021 are as follows (in thousands): 

Years ending July 31, 
 Operating 
 Leases 
 
 2022 
 88 
 
 2023 
 96 
 
 2024 
 50 
 
 Total future minimum lease payments 
 234 
 
 Less imputed interest 
 3 
 
 Total 
 231 

As of July 31, 2021, the Company did not have
any leases that have not yet commenced that create significant rights and obligations. 

F- 19 

Note 11 Income Taxes 

The components of income (loss) before income taxes are as follows: 

Fiscal year ended July 31, 

(in thousands) 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Domestic 
 7,629 
 (630 
 
 Foreign 
 417 
 86 
 
 Income (loss) before income taxes 
 8,046 
 (544 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes consisted of the following: 

Fiscal year ended July 31, 

(in thousands) 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Current: 

Foreign 
 30 
 14 
 
 Federal 
 239 
 - 
 
 State 
 6 
 1 
 
 Total current expense 
 275 
 15 
 
 Deferred: 

Foreign 
 (44 
 - 
 
 Federal 
 (253 
 - 
 
 State 
 (180 
 - 
 
 Total deferred expense 
 (477 
 - 
 
 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 
 (202 
 15 

The differences between income taxes expected at the U.S. federal statutory
income tax rate and income taxes reported were as follows: 

Fiscal year ended July 31, 

(in thousands) 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 U.S federal income tax (benefit) at statutory rate 
 1,690 
 (114 
 
 State tax (net of federal benefit) 
 5 
 29 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 
 (1,601 
 13 
 
 Foreign tax rate differential 
 (10 
 (6 
 
 Other 
 (286 
 93 
 
 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 
 (202 
 15 

On March 27, 2020, the CARES Act was signed into law. The
Act contains several new or changed income tax provisions, including but not limited to the following: increased limitation threshold
for determining deductible interest expense, class life changes to qualified improvements (in general, from 39 years to 15 years), and
the ability to carry back net operating losses incurred from tax years 2018 through 2020 up to the five preceding tax years. Most
of these provisions are either not applicable or have no material effect on the Company. 

F- 20 

The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the Tax Act contains
a provision which subjects a U.S parent of a foreign subsidiary to current U.S. tax on its global intangible low-taxed income GILTI ).
The GILTI income is eligible for a deduction, which lowers to effective tax. The Company will report the tax impact of GILTI as a period
cost when incurred. Accordingly, the Company is not providing deferred taxes for basis differences expected to reverse as GILTI. 

U.S Companies are eligible for a deduction that lowers the effective
tax rate on certain foreign income. This regime is referred to as the Foreign-Derived Intangible Income deduction FDII ). 

Significant components of the Company s deferred tax
assets and deferred tax liabilities are as follows: 

July 31, 
(in thousands) 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Deferred tax assets: 

Net operating loss carryforwards 
 502 
 1,783 
 
 Reserves and accruals 
 163 
 185 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 156 
 242 
 
 Net deferred tax assets 
 821 
 2,210 
 
 Less valuation allowance 
 (344 
 (2,210 
 
 Total deferred tax assets 
 477 
 - 

At July 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company had available U.S. federal net
operating loss NOL carryforwards from domestic operations of approximately 0 and 5.6 million, respectively, to offset
future taxable income. At July 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company had available U.S. state NOL carryforwards from domestic operations of approximately
 5.3 and 5.9 million, respectively, to offset future taxable income. The state NOL carryforwards will begin to expire in 2036. At July
31, 2021 and 2020, the Company had available Norwegian NOL carryforwards of approximately 201,000 and 433,000, respectively, to offset
future taxable income. 

Due to its recent and projected financial performance, the Company
believes that it is more-likely-than-not that substantially all of the deferred tax assets except certain state net operating losses and
capital loss carryforward will be realized. Therefore, the Company has released the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets other than
those stated above. The change in the valuation allowance is as follows: 

Fiscal year ended July 31, 
 (in thousand) 
 Balance 
 at 
 beginning 
 of year 
 Additions 
 charged to 
 costs and 
 expenses 
 Deductions 
 Balance at 
 end of year 
 
 2021 

Reserves deducted from deferred income taxes, net: 

Valuation allowance 
 2,210 
 - 
 (1,866 
 344 
 
 2020 

Reserves deducted from deferred income taxes, net: 

Valuation allowance 
 2,197 
 13 
 - 
 2,210 

At July 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company did not have any unrecognized
tax benefits and did not anticipate any significant changes to the unrecognized tax benefits within twelve months of this reporting date.
In the fiscal years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded no interest and penalties on income taxes. At July 31, 2021 and
2020, there was no accrued interest included in income taxes payable. 

F- 21 

The Company currently remains subject to examinations of
its U.S. tax returns as follows: U.S. federal tax return for fiscal 2018 to fiscal 2020, state and local tax returns generally for fiscal
2018 to fiscal 2020 and foreign tax returns generally for fiscal 2019 to fiscal 2020. 

In connection with the Spin-Off, the Company and IDT entered
into various agreements prior to the Spin-Off including a Separation and Distribution Agreement to effect the separation and provide a
framework for the Company s relationship with IDT after the Spin-Off, and a Tax Separation Agreement, which sets forth the responsibilities
of the Company and IDT with respect to, among other things, liabilities for federal, state, local and foreign taxes for periods before
and including the Spin-Off, the preparation and filing of tax returns for such periods and disputes with taxing authorities regarding
taxes for such periods. Pursuant to Separation and Distribution Agreement, among other things, the Company indemnifies IDT and IDT indemnifies
the Company for losses related to the failure of the other to pay, perform or otherwise discharge, any of the liabilities and obligations
set forth in the agreement. Pursuant to the Tax Separation Agreement, among other things, IDT indemnifies the Company from all liability
for taxes of the Company and any of its subsidiaries or relating to its business with respect to taxable periods ending on or before the
Spin-Off, and the Company indemnifies IDT from all liability for taxes of the Company and any of its subsidiaries or relating to its business
accruing after the Spin-Off. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company is responsible for, and IDT has no obligation to indemnify the
Company for, any tax liability of the Company resulting from an audit, examination or other proceeding related to any tax returns that
relate solely to it and its subsidiaries regardless of whether such tax return relates to a period prior to or following the Spin-Off. 

Note 12 Stock-Based Compensation 

2016 Stock Option and Incentive Plan 

The Company adopted the Zedge, Inc. 2016 Stock Option and Incentive
Plan (as amended to date, the 2016 Incentive Plan ). The 2016 Incentive Plan is intended to provide incentives to executive
officers, employees, directors and consultants of the Company. Incentives available under the 2016 Incentive Plan include restricted stock,
deferred stock unit, stock options and stock appreciation rights. The 2016 Incentive Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee
of the Company s Board of Directors. 

In November, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors amended the
Company s the 2016 Incentive Plan to increase the number of shares of the Company s Class B common stock available for
the grant of awards thereunder by an additional 250,000 shares to an aggregate of 1,521,000 shares. This amendment was ratified by the
Company s stockholders at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on January 11, 2021. At July 31, 2021, there were 212,000 shares
of Class B Stock available for awards under the 2016 Incentive Plan. 

In November 2019, the Company s Board of Directors amended the
2016 Incentive Plan to increase the number of shares of the Company s Class B common stock available for the grant of awards
thereunder by an additional 230,000 shares to an aggregate of 1,271,000 shares. This amendment was ratified by the Company s stockholders
during Annual Meeting held on January 13, 2020. 

Pursuant to the 2016 Incentive Plan, the option exercise price for
all stock option awards that are designated as Incentive Stock Options must not be less than the Fair Market Value of the
shares of Class B Common Stock covered by the option award on the date of grant. In general, Fair Market Value means the closing sale
price per share of Class B Common Stock on the exchange on which the Class B Common Stock is principally traded for the last preceding
date on which there was a sale of Class B Common Stock on such exchange. 

In the fiscal years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020 there were 105,000
and 0, respectively, income tax benefit resulting from tax deductions in excess of the compensation cost recognized for the Company s
stock-based compensation. 

Stock Options 

The Company s option awards generally have a maximum term of
10 years from grant date, are exercisable upon vesting unless otherwise designated for early exercise by the Board of Directors at the
time of grant and are pursuant to individual written agreements. Grants generally vest over a three-year or four -year period. Certain
option agreements provide for accelerated vesting of options upon the effective date of an initial public offering or a change in control
of the Company. 

F- 22 

In fiscal years 2021 and 2020, the Compensation Committee approved
equity grants of options to purchase 188,849 and 207,996 shares respectively of the Company s Class B common stock to various executives,
consultants and employees, vesting mostly over a three-year or four-year period. Unrecognized compensation expense related to these grants
were 774,000 and 265,000 in fiscal 2021 and 2020 respectively based on the estimated fair value of the options on the grant dates. 

In fiscal 2021, the Company received proceeds of 873,261 from the
exercise of stock options for which the Company issued 559,840 shares of its Class B common stock. In fiscal 2020, the Company received
proceeds of 11,571 from the exercise of stock options for which the Company issued 86,197 shares of its Class B common stock. 

The Company cancelled or forfeited options grants of 13,000 shares
and 126,000 shares in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 respectively primarily due to employee resignations or layoffs. 

The fair value of stock options was estimated on the date of the grant
using a Black-Scholes valuation model BSM and the assumptions in the following table. Expected volatility is based on
historical volatility of the Company s Class B common stock. The Company uses the simplified method to estimate the expected term
of the stock-based payments granted due to the limited history of the Company. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield
curve in effect at the time of grant. 

The Company used the following weighted average assumptions in its
BSM pricing model: 

Fiscal year ended July 31, 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Expected term 
 6.0 years 
 6.0 years 
 
 Volatility 
 92.3 
 82.9 
 
 Risk free interest rate 
 0.7 
 1.6 
 
 Dividends 

The following represents option activity for the fiscal years ended
July 31, 2021 and 2020, including options granted prior to our separation from our former parent in a spin-off on June 1, 2016 and options
granted under the 2016 Incentive Plan adopted on June 2, 2016: 

Number
of 
 Options 
 (in thousands) 
 Weighted- 
Average 
 Exercise Price 
 Weighted- 
Average 
 Remaining 
 Contractual 
 Term (in years) 
 Aggregate 

Intrinsic 
 Value 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Outstanding at July 31, 2019 
 1,231 
 1.60 
 6.32 
 642 
 
 Granted 
 208 
 1.82 

Exercised 
 (86 
 0.13 

Cancelled / forfeited 
 (126 
 1.35 

Outstanding at July 31, 2020 
 1,227 
 1.76 
 5.95 
 402 
 
 Granted 
 189 
 5.40 

Exercised 
 (560 
 1.56 

Cancelled / forfeited 
 (13 
 1.48 

Outstanding at July 31, 2021 
 843 
 2.72 
 6.76 
 10,657 
 
 Exercisable at July 31, 2021 
 548 
 1.95 
 5.59 
 7,351 

F- 23 

The following table summarizes the weighted average grant date fair
value of options granted, intrinsic value of options exercised and fair value of awards vested in the periods indicated: 

July 31, 
 (in thousands except per share amounts) 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Weighted average grant date fair value of options granted 
 4.09 
 1.28 
 
 Intrinsic value of options exercised 
 3,978 
 109 
 
 Fair value of awards vested 
 135 
 197 

At July 31, 2021, there was 774,000 of total unrecognized
compensation cost related to non-vested stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 3.2 years. 

Restricted Stock 

In fiscal 2021, the Compensation Committee and the
Corporate Governance Committee of our Board of Directors approved a grant of 92,593 restricted shares of the Company s Class B
Common Stock to our Executive Chairman Michael Jonas. Mr. Jonas agreed to accept all of his compensation for his service as Executive
Chairman during fiscal 2021 in the form of equity in the Company and to make receipt of such equity compensation contingent on the Company
achieving certain milestones relative to its fiscal 2021 budget. The grant was made at that time because the milestones previously set
were achieved. These shares shall vest in equal amounts on February 7, 2022, 2023 and 2024.These shares had an aggregate grant date fair
value of 350,000 which is being amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. 

In fiscal 2021, the Compensation Committee approved
a grant of 10,619 restricted shares of Class B Common Stock to each of Mr. Elliot Gibber and Mr. Howard Jonas which were fully vested
upon grant. These shares had an aggregate grant date fair value of 30,000 and have been fully amortized accordingly. 

In fiscal 2020, the Company granted 30,534 restricted
shares of its Class B common stock, which vested over a six-month period, to its interim Chief Executive Officer at a grant date fair
value of 1.97 per share. The Company also granted 1,411 restricted shares of its Class B common stock, which vested over three
years, to Chairman of the Board at a grant date fair value of 1.97 per share. 

In fiscal 2021, the Company granted 10,869 restricted
shares of its Class B common stock, which vested immediately, to its non-employee Board of Directors at an average grant date fair value
of 8.22 per share. In fiscal 2020, the Company granted 34,066 restricted shares of its Class B common stock, which vested immediately,
to its non-employee Board of Directors at an average grant date fair value of 1.41 per share. These shares were awarded pursuant to
the non-employee Board of Director s semi-annual grant. 

At July 31, 2021, there were 127,300 non-vested
restricted shares of the Company s Class B common stock. At July 31, 2021, there was 288,000 of total unrecognized compensation
cost related to these non-vested restricted shares, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.4 years. 

In fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, the Company purchased
12,005 shares and 18,441 shares respectively of Class B Stock from certain employees for 18,000 and 29,000 respectively, to satisfy
tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted stock 

F- 24 

The following represents restricted shares activity for the fiscal
years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020: 

Number 
 of 
 Shares 
 Weighted 
 Average 
 Grant Date 
 Fair Value 
 
 Non-vested stock award as of July 31, 2019 
 195,375 
 2.33 
 
 Granted 
 31,945 
 1.97 
 
 Vested 
 (122,192 
 2.26 
 
 Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 
 Non-vested stock award as of July 31, 2020 
 105,128 
 2.30 
 
 Granted 
 113,831 
 3.34 
 
 Vested 
 (91,659 
 2.24 
 
 Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 
 Non-vested stock award as of July 31, 2021 
 127,300 
 3.27 

Deferred Stock Units 

In fiscal 2020, the Compensation Committee approved the grant of 92,544
Deferred Stock Units (DSUs) to 13 of its non-executive employees based in Norway and Lithuania. Each DSU represents a right to receive
one share of Class B Common Stock. The DSUs primarily vest over a four-year period from grant. On the grant date, unrecognized compensation
expense related to this grant was an aggregate of 144,000 based on the estimated fair value of the DSUs on the grant date. The unrecognized
compensation expense is being recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. At July 31, 2021, unrecognized compensation
expense related to unvested DSUs was an aggregate of 39,000 which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.0
years. 

In fiscal 2021, the Company purchased 5,625 shares of Class
B Stock from various employees for 8,000 to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of DSUs. 

The following represents restricted shares activity for the fiscal
years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020: 

Number 
 of 
 Shares 
 Weighted 
 Average 
 Grant Date 
 Fair Value 
 
 Non-vested DSU award as of July 31, 2019 
 - 
 - 
 
 Granted 
 92,544 
 1.55 
 
 Vested 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 
 (32,000 
 1.54 
 
 Non-vested DSU award as of July 31, 2020 
 60,544 
 1.56 
 
 Granted 
 - 
 - 
 
 Vested 
 (17,044 
 1.60 
 
 Forfeited 
 (6,000 
 1.54 
 
 Non-vested DSU award as of July 31, 2021 
 37,500 
 1.54 

Note 13 Related Party Transactions 

Following the Spin-Off, IDT charges the Company for services it provides
pursuant to the Transition Services Agreement TSA ). In fiscal 2021 and 2020 the Company was charged by IDT a total of 113,000
and 107,000, respectively, for legal services. In addition, the Company charged IDT 144,000 and 148,000, respectively, for consulting
services provided to IDT by a Zedge employee. As of July 31, 2021 and 2020, IDT owed the Company 6,000 and 39,000, respectively. 

F- 25 

The activities between the Company and IDT were as follows: 

Fiscal years ended July 31, 
 (in thousands) 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Balance at beginning of year 
 (39 
 - 
 
 Legal services provided by IDT 
 113 
 107 
 
 Consulting services provided to IDT 
 (144 
 (148 
 
 Cash payments received from IDT 
 64 
 14 
 
 Cash payments made to IDT 
 - 
 (12 
 
 Due from IDT 
 (6 
 (39 

Due from IDT is included
 in other current assets. 

In the fiscal years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company paid
 0 and 143,000, respectively, to Braze Inc. (formerly Appboy, Inc. for use of its customer relationship management and
lifecycle marketing platform. The former Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder of Braze, Inc. is a member of the Company s Board
of Directors. 

In the fiscal years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company paid
 41,000 and 35,000 respectively, to Activist Artists Management, LLC pursuant to certain referral agreement. A member of the Company s
Board of Directors owns 33.4 of Activist Artist with which the Company entered into an amended retainer agreement on August 1, 2020,
pursuant to which the Company pays Activist Artists 3,750 per month, plus possible commissions. 

Note 14 Business Segment and Geographic Information 

The Company provides a content platform, worldwide, centered on self-expression,
attracting both creators looking to promote their content and consumers who utilize such content to express their identity, feelings,
tastes and interests. The Company s platform enables consumers to personalize their mobile devices with mostly free, high-quality
ringtones, wallpapers, home screen app icons, widgets and notification sounds. The Company conducts business as one operating segment. 

Net long-lived assets and total assets held outside of the United
States, which are located primarily in Norway, were as follows: 

United States 
 Foreign 
 Total 

(in thousands) 
 
 Long-lived assets, net: 

July 31, 2021 
 1,900 
 641 
 2,541 
 
 July 31, 2020 
 2,513 
 542 
 3,055 

Total assets: 

July 31, 2021 
 32,745 
 4,732 
 37,477 
 
 July 31, 2020 
 7,730 
 4,275 
 12,005 

Note 15 Revolving Credit Facility 

As of September 27, 2016, the Company entered into a loan and security
agreement with Western Alliance Bank for a revolving credit facility of up to 2.5 million for an initial two-year term which was extended
twice for another two two-year term expiring September 26, 2022. At the Company s request in September 2020, advances under this
facility have been reduced to the lesser of 2.0 million or 80 of the Company s eligible accounts receivable, subject to certain
concentration limits. The revolving credit facility is secured by a lien on substantially all of the Company s assets. Effective
with the September 2020 extension, the outstanding principal amount bears interest per annum at the greater of 3.5 or the prime rate
plus 1.25 . Previously the interest rate was capped at 5.0 . Interest is payable monthly and all outstanding principal and any accrued
and unpaid interest is due on the maturity date of September 26, 2022. The Company is required to pay an annual facility fee of 10,000
to Western Alliance Bank. The Company is also required to comply with various affirmative and negative covenants and to maintain certain
financial ratios during the term of the revolving credit facility. The covenants include a prohibition on the Company paying any dividend
on its capital stock. The Company may terminate this agreement at any time without penalty or premium provided that it pays down any
outstanding principal, accrued interest and bank expenses. At July 31, 2021 and 2020, there were no amounts outstanding under the revolving
credit facility and the Company was in compliance with all of the covenants. 

F- 26 

As of November 16, 2016, the Company entered into a Foreign Exchange
Agreement with Western Alliance Bank to allow the Company to enter into foreign exchange contracts not to exceed 5.0 million in the
aggregate at any point in time under its revolving credit facility. This limit was raised to approximately 6.5 million pursuant to the
Loan and Security Modification Agreement dated May 30, 2018. The available borrowing under the revolving credit facility is reduced by
an applicable foreign exchange reserve percentage as determined by Western Alliance Bank, in its reasonable discretion from time to time,
which was initially set at 10 of the nominal amount of the foreign exchange contracts in effect at the relevant time. In December 2016,
the applicable foreign exchange reserve percentage was changed so that the reduction of available borrowing for major currency forward
contracts of less than six months tenor is set at 10 of the nominal amount of the foreign exchange contracts, and for contracts over
six months tenor, 12.5 of the nominal amount of the foreign exchange contracts. At July 31, 2021, there were 1.8 million of outstanding
foreign exchange contracts under the credit facility, which reduced the available borrowing under the revolving credit facility by 180,000
see Note 4 above. 

Note 16 Defined Contribution Plan 

In September 2016, the Company adopted a 401(k) Plan, effective August
1, 2016, available to all employees meeting certain eligibility criteria. The Plan permits participants to elect pre-tax or after-tax
salary deferrals that will be contributed to the Plan, not to exceed the limits established by the Internal Revenue Code. The Plan provides
for enhanced safe harbor employer matching contributions. All contributions made by participants and safe harbor matching contributions
by the Company will be fully vested. The Company s Class A common stock and Class B common stock are not investment options for
elective deferrals by the Plan s participants. However, matching contributions may be made in shares of the Company. 

The Company s cost for matching contributions to the Plan were
 39,000 and 41,000 for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In lieu of making cash contributions, the Company
opted to contribute 6,572 shares and 26,193 shares of the Company s Class B common stock to the Plan for fiscal 2021 and fiscal
2020, respectively. 

Note 17 Loans Payable 

On July 16, 2019, the Company obtained a loan of 140,000 to pay for
its insurance coverages, repayable in nine equal installments of 15,976 starting from September 1, 2019 which represented a 4.79 annual
percentage interest rate. 

Effective August 1, 2020, the Company obtained a loan of 181,462
to pay for its insurance coverages, repayable in nine equal installments of 20,491 starting from September 1, 2020 which represented
a 3.89 annual percentage interest rate. 

The Company obtained a loan under the Payroll Protection Program (PPP)
of the CARES Act in the amount of 218,000 loan from Western Alliance Bank, a loan servicer and the Company s lender (see Note
15), on April 22, 2020. The Company used these proceeds in full for payroll purposes for U.S. employees during the covered period provided
under the PPP (which was extended to 24 weeks). Any portion of the loan that is not forgiven would have been due two years after inception
of the loan. 

On November 25, 2020, the Company submitted the PPP Loan Forgiveness
Application Form 3508EZ and on May 21, 2021, the Company was notified that such application for the loan forgiveness has been approved
and the loan, including accrued interest, has been deemed satisfied in full by the Small Business Administration to Western Alliance
Bank. The Company therefore recorded a gain of forgiveness of debt of 218,000 which is included in interest and other income, net on
the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

F- 27 

Note 18 Sales of Class B Common Stock 

The Company filed with the SEC a Registration Statement on Form S-3
(the Form S-3 on November 30, 2020 which became effective on December 4, 2020 to facilitate capital raising. The Registration
Statement registered the issuance and sale by the Company of Class B common stock or related securities for gross proceeds to the Company
of up to 20 million. On November 30, 2020, the Company engaged National Securities Corp. and H.C. Wainwright Co, LLC (the Sales
Agents to act as the Company s exclusive co-Sales Agents in connection with the Company s at-the-market 
offering of shares of the Company s Class B common stock up to 5 million. The Company filed a Prospectus Supplement (supplementing
the Prospectus included in the Form S-3) on December 9, 2020 and contemporaneously entered into an At The Market Offering Agreement with
the Sales Agents (the ATM Sales Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company sold 761,906 shares at an average price of 6.5625
per share for total proceeds of 5 million as of January 28, 2021. In connection with this offering, the Company incurred a total issuance
costs of 215,000. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from this offering for working capital and other general corporate purposes. 

On March 16, 2021, the Company filed a prospectus supplement with
the SEC which contemplates the sale, for a gross aggregate sale price of up to 10,000,000, of shares of the Company s Class B
common stock, from time to time in at the market offerings pursuant to an At Market Issuance Sales Agreement with National
Securities Corporation and Maxim Group LLC (the New Sales Agents ), dated as of March 16, 2021 (the New ATM Sales
Agreement ), pursuant to which we sold 663,686 shares at an average price of 15.0674 per share for total proceeds of 10 million.
In connection with this offering, we incurred a total issuance costs of 350,000. We intend to use the net proceeds from this offering
for working capital and other general corporate purposes. 

On February 5, 2020, the Company closed on its registered direct offering
of 1,734,459 shares of its Class B common stock for gross proceeds of 2.25 million. The Company sold 1,657,813 shares at a purchase
price of 1.28 per share which represented a 20 discount from the 10 Day Volume Weighted Average Price (VWAP) through January 31, 2020,
and certain Company insiders purchased an additional 76,646 shares at a purchase price of 1.67 per share, the closing price on February
3, 2020. In connection with this offering, the Company incurred a total issuance costs of 141,000. The Company intends to use the net
proceeds from the offering for working capital and other general corporate purposes. 

Note 19 Subsequent Events 

Acquisition 

Pursuant to an Asset Purchase Agreement, on August 1, 2021, the Company
consummated the acquisition of substantially all of the assets of Emojipedia Pty Ltd, a proprietary company organized under the laws of
Australia. The total purchase price of the assets is not expected to exceed 7 million. 4.8 million was funded into an escrow account
on July 30, 2021 which is classified in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at July 31, 2021 and was paid at closing. The balance
will be determined based on an incentive structure linked to EBITDA generated from emojipedia.org during the first four month period following
the closing and paid out on the six-month and twelve month anniversary of the Closing. 

The assets purchased include emojipeida.org, a set of smaller websites,
a bank of emoji related URLs and other assets related to the Seller s business, including World Emoji Day, the annual World Emoji
Awards, and Emojitracker. 

Although the Company has not finalized its analysis, the Company anticipates
that this acquisition does not qualify as a business combination under FASB ASC 805, Business Combinations , and anticipates it
will be accounted for it as asset acquisition. Additionally, the Company does not believe this acquisition meets the new prescribed significance
tests under Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X which took effect on January 1, 2021 and regards this acquisition as an insignificant business. 

F- 28 

Foreign Exchange Forward Contracts 

On August 26, 2021, the Company entered into the following foreign
exchange forward contracts with Western Alliance Bank: 

Settlement Date 
 U.S. Dollar Amount 
 NOK Amount 
 
 Dec-21 
 225,000 
 1,966,794 
 
 Jan-22 
 225,000 
 1,967,244 
 
 Feb-22 
 225,000 
 1,967,896 
 
 Mar-22 
 225,000 
 1,968,684 
 
 Apr-22 
 225,000 
 1,969,696 
 
 May-22 
 225,000 
 1,970,619 

Total 
 1,350,000 
 11,810,933 

Settlement Date 
 U.S. Dollar Amount 
 EUR Amount 
 
 Dec-21 
 225,000 
 189,340 
 
 Jan-22 
 225,000 
 189,165 
 
 Feb-22 
 225,000 
 189,037 
 
 Mar-22 
 225,000 
 188,926 
 
 Apr-22 
 225,000 
 188,800 
 
 May-22 
 225,000 
 188,673 

Total 
 1,350,000 
 1,133,940 

F-29 

<EX-21.01>
 2
 f10k2021ex21-01_zedgeinc.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit 21.01 

DOMESTIC SUBSIDIARIES 

None 

FOREIGN SUBSIDIARIES 

Name 

Country of 
 Formation 
 
 Zedge Europe AS 
 
 Norway 

</EX-21.01>

<EX-23.01>
 3
 f10k2021ex23-01_zedgeinc.htm
 CONSENT OF MAYER HOFFMAN MCCANN CPAS, THE NEW YORK PRACTICE OF MAYER HOFFMAN MCCANN P.C., INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.01 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

The Board of Directors 

 Zedge, Inc.: 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by
reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 of Zedge, Inc. (No. 333-212600, 333-214258, 333-221214, 333-235422 and
333-254225) of our report dated November 9, 2021, with respect to our audit of the consolidated financial statements of Zedge, Inc.
as of July 31, 2021 and 2020 and for the years then ended, which appears in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Zedge, Inc. 

/s/ Mayer Hoffman McCann CPAs 

 (The New York Practice of Mayer Hoffman McCann
P.C.) 

New York, New York 

 November 9, 2021 

</EX-23.01>

<EX-31.01>
 4
 f10k2021ex31-01_zedgeinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.01 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Jonathan Reich, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Zedge, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 9, 2021 

/s/ Jonathan Reich 

Jonathan Reich 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 5
 f10k2021ex31-02_zedgeinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.02 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Yi Tsai, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Zedge, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 9, 2021 

/s/ Yi Tsai 

Yi Tsai 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 6
 f10k2021ex32-01_zedgeinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.01 

Certification Pursuant to 

 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

 (as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of 

 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002) 

In connection with the Annual Report of Zedge, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for fiscal 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Jonathan Reich, Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: November 9, 2021 

/s/ Jonathan Reich 

Jonathan Reich 

Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic
version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Zedge, Inc. and will be retained by Zedge, Inc. and furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-32.02>
 7
 f10k2021ex32-02_zedgeinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.02 

Certification Pursuant to 
18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
(as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of 
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002) 

In connection with the Annual Report of Zedge, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for fiscal 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Yi Tsai, Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that to my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: November 9, 2021 

/s/ Yi Tsai 

Yi Tsai 

Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic
version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Zedge, Inc. and will be retained by Zedge, Inc. and furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.02>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 zdge-20210731.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 zdge-20210731.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 zdge-20210731_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 zdge-20210731_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 zdge-20210731_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 zdge-20210731_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

