<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211029_10-K_edgar_data_1160951_0001564590-21-052973.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19320811</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>393178</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3997611</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6476692</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2711425</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5422684</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-21-052973.hdr.sgml : 20211029
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211029164408
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-21-052973
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		126
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211029
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211029

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001160951
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				843723837
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39449
		FILM NUMBER:		211363878

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		22 BOSTON WHARF ROAD, FLOOR 10
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02210
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(833) 798-7789

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		22 BOSTON WHARF ROAD, FLOOR 10
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02210

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20011016

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-21-052973.txt : 20211029

10-K
 1
 dct-10k_20210831.htm
 10-K

dct-10k_20210831.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading 
 Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price at which the common stock was sold on February 26, 2021, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, was approximately billion. Shares of common stock held by each executive officer, director and holder of 10 or more of the outstanding common stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status does not reflect a determination that such persons are affiliates of the registrant for any other purpose. 
 The number of shares of Registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of October 28, 2021 was . 

Table of Contents 

Page 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 1 

Basis of Presentation 
 
 2 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 4 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 19 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 46 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 46 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 47 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 47 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 48 

Item 6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data 
 
 50 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 52 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 72 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 73 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 116 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 116 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 116 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 117 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 117 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 117 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 117 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 117 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 118 

Item 16 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 120 

i 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Some of the information contained in the sections entitled Item 1. Business and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K contain forward-looking statements that reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, future events and financial performance. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking words such as outlook, believes, expects, potential, continues, may, will, should, could, seeks, approximately, predicts, intends, plans, estimates, anticipates, target, projects, contemplates or the negative version of those words or other comparable words. Any forward-looking statements contained in this report are based upon our historical performance and on our current plans, estimates and expectations in light of information currently available to us. The inclusion of this forward-looking information should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will be achieved. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties and assumptions relating to our operations, financial results, financial condition, business, prospects, growth strategy and liquidity. For more information regarding these risks and uncertainties as well as certain additional risks that we face, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors as well as the factors more fully described in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations. Accordingly, there are, or will be, important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. We believe that these factors include, but are not limited to: 

our history of losses 

changes in our product revenue mix as we continue to focus on sales of our SaaS solutions, which will cause fluctuations in our results of operations and cash flows between periods 

our reliance on orders and renewals from a relatively small number of customers for a substantial portion of our revenue, and the substantial negotiating leverage customers have in renewing and expanding their contracts for our solutions 

the success of our growth strategy focused on SaaS solutions and our ability to develop or sell our solutions into new markets or further penetrate existing markets 

our ability to manage our expanding operations 

intense competition in our market 

third parties may assert we are infringing or violating their intellectual property rights 

U.S. and global market and economic conditions, particularly adverse in the insurance industry 

additional complexity, burdens and volatility in connection with our international sales and operations 

the length and variability of our sales and implementation cycles 

data breaches, unauthorized access to customer data or other disruptions of our solutions 

the significant influence that Apax VIII Fund, a global private equity fund (collectively, with its affiliates, Apax and Accenture plc, a public limited company incorporated in Ireland (collectively, with its affiliates, Accenture ), will have on the composition of our board of directors, our management, business plans and policies, and any conflicts of interest between Apax and Accenture, on the one hand, and our other stockholders, on the other hand 

1 

impact of pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, on U.S. and global economies, our business, our employees, results of operations, financial condition, demand for our products, sales and implementation cycles, and the health of our customers and partners businesses and 

the other risks and uncertainties described under Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this report. The forward-looking statements made in this report relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement except as required by law, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 
 
 If one or more of these or other risks or uncertainties materialize, or if our underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, our actual results may vary materially from what we may have expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. We caution that you should not place undue reliance on any of our forward-looking statements. You should specifically consider the factors identified in this report that could cause actual results to differ before making an investment decision to purchase our common stock. Furthermore, new risks and uncertainties arise from time to time, and it is impossible for us to predict those events or how they may affect us. 

Basis of Presentation 
 
 As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K unless the context otherwise requires, references to we, us, our, the Company, Duck Creek, and similar references refer to Duck Creek Technologies, Inc. together with its subsidiaries, and the following terms have the meanings or are calculated as set forth below: 

We define subscription revenue as the revenue derived from the sale of our Software-as-a-service SaaS solutions through recurring fee arrangements for the period indicated. 

We define ACV as the committed total contract value of new software sales in dollar terms divided by the corresponding minimum number of committed months, with the resultant minimum monthly commitment being multiplied by twelve. 

We define carriers as property and casualty P&C insurance carriers. 

We define core systems as the following key functions of carriers: policy administration, claims management and billing. 

We define customers as buying entities that contract individually for our products and services. For example, multiple subsidiaries of a single carrier may each constitute a customer if each entity contracts with us separately. By contrast, a carrier that uses our products across multiple subsidiaries under a single enterprise license agreement would constitute a single customer. 

We define DWPs as the gross dollar value of total premiums paid to carriers by policyholders. 

Munich Re Specialty Insurance is a description for the insurance business operations of affiliated companies in the Munich Re Group that share a common directive to offer and deliver specialty property and casualty insurance products and services in North America. 

Certain monetary amounts, percentages, and other figures included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K have been subject to rounding adjustments. Percentage amounts included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K have not in all cases been calculated on the basis of such rounded figures, but on the basis of such amounts prior to rounding. For this reason, percentage amounts in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may vary from those obtained by performing the same calculations using the figures in our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain other amounts that appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may not 
 2 

sum due to rounding. When we state that we are the leading low-code SaaS provider of core systems for the P&C insurance industry, we are basing our leadership on our subscription revenue for fiscal 202 1 . 
 
 Our fiscal year ends on August 31. Unless otherwise noted, any reference to a year preceded by the word fiscal refers to the fiscal year ended August 31 of that year. For example, references to fiscal 2019 refer to the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019. Any reference to a year not preceded by fiscal refers to a calendar year. 
 
 MARKET AND INDUSTRY DATA 
 
 Certain market and industry data included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been obtained from third party sources that we believe to be reliable. Market estimates are calculated by using independent industry publications, government publications, and third party forecasts in conjunction with our assumptions about our markets. We have not independently verified such third party information. While we are not aware of any misstatements regarding any market, industry or similar data presented herein, such data involves risks and uncertainties and is subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed under the headings Forward-Looking Statements and Item1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 3 

PART I 
 Item 1. Business. 
 Company Overview 
 We are the leading low-code SaaS provider of core systems for the P&C insurance industry. We have achieved our leadership position by combining over twenty years of deep domain expertise with the differentiated SaaS capabilities and low-code configurability of our technology platform. We believe we are the first company to provide carriers with an end-to-end suite of enterprise-scale core system software that is purpose-built as a SaaS solution. Our product portfolio is built on our modern technology foundation, the Duck Creek Platform , and works cohesively to improve the operational efficiency of insurers core processes (policy administration, claims management and billing) as well as other critical functions. The Duck Creek Platform enables our customers to be agile and rapidly capitalize on market opportunities, while reducing their total cost of technology ownership. 
 The core business functions of insurers are complex and data intensive, typically requiring large ongoing investments in domain specific technology. Heightened end-user expectations, increased competition, and new and evolving risks pose new challenges for carriers, creating the need for software that fosters agility, innovation and speed to market. However, a large portion of the P&C insurance market continues to rely on legacy technology systems that are costly and inefficient to maintain, difficult to upgrade, and lacking in functional flexibility. In recent years, some carriers have turned to newer alternatives to legacy systems. These systems have been designed for on-premise environments and lack the inherent benefits of purpose-built SaaS solutions, perpetuating the limitations, inflexibility and cost of utilizing legacy systems. By contrast, our SaaS solutions, offered via Duck Creek OnDemand, accelerate carriers agility and speed to market by enabling rapid, low-code product development, and protecting carriers unique content configurations and integrations while providing upgrades and updates via continuous delivery. We have developed a substantial SaaS customer base and believe that we have established a meaningful first-mover advantage by demonstrating the superiority of SaaS solutions for core systems in the P&C insurance industry. We began offering SaaS solutions for core systems in the P&C insurance industry in 2013 and signed our first customer in 2014. We believe competitors will have to make significant investments of time and resources in order to offer similar SaaS products. 
 Our deep understanding of the P&C insurance industry has enabled us to develop a unified suite of insurance software products tailored to address the key challenges faced by carriers worldwide. Our solutions promote insurers nimbleness by enabling rapid integration and streamlining the ability to capture, access and utilize data more effectively. The Duck Creek Suite includes several products that support the P&C insurance process lifecycle, such as: 

Duck Creek Policy: a solution that enables insurers to develop and launch new insurance products and manage all aspects of policy administration, from product definition to quoting, binding and servicing 

Duck Creek Billing: a solution that supports fundamental payment and invoicing capabilities (such as billing and collections, commission processing, disbursement management and general ledger capabilities) for all insurance lines and bill types 

Duck Creek Claims: a solution that supports the entire claims lifecycle from first notice of loss through investigation, payments, negotiations, reporting and closure 

 In addition, we offer other innovative solutions, such as Duck Creek Rating, Duck Creek Insights, Duck Creek Digital Engagement, Duck Creek Distribution Management, Duck Creek Reinsurance Management, Duck Creek Anywhere Managed Integrations and Duck Creek Industry Content, which provide additional features and functionalities that further help our customers meet the increasing and evolving demands of the P&C industry. Our customers purchase and deploy these solutions via Duck Creek OnDemand, our SaaS solution, either individually or as a full suite. Historically, we have also sold our products through perpetual and term license arrangements, most of which include maintenance and support arrangements. We offer professional services, primarily related to implementation of our products, in connection with both our SaaS solutions and perpetual and term license arrangements. 
 4 

Substantially all of our new bookings come from the sale of SaaS subscriptions of Duck Creek OnDemand. For the fiscal years ended August 31, 20 2 1 , 20 20 and 20 1 9 , SaaS ACV bookings represented 97 , 9 6 , and 86 of our total ACV bookings, respectively. 
 Our strong customer relationships are a key driver of our success. We believe these relationships are a result of our ability to develop innovative solutions that incorporate our deep domain expertise into products that serve mission critical functions of our customers day-to-day operations. Our customer base is comprised of a range of insurance carriers, including some of the largest companies in the P&C insurance industry including - Progressive, Liberty Mutual, AIG, The Hartford, Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance, GEICO and Munich Re Specialty Insurance, as well as regional carriers, such as UPC, Coverys, Avant Mutual, IAT Insurance Group and Mutual Benefit Group. We have over 150 insurance customers worldwide, including the top five North American carriers. In addition, our customers have won numerous industry awards for innovative products that were developed with our solutions. 
 We have a broad partner ecosystem that includes third-party solution partners who provide complementary capabilities as well as system integrators SIs who provide implementation and other related services to our customers. These partnerships help us grow our business more efficiently by enhancing our sales force through co-marketing efforts and giving us the scale to service our growing customer base. We have relationships with over 50 companies across a diverse set of services and offerings, including 20 SIs with over 5,000 Duck Creek implementation resources who help to implement our solutions. We maintain key partnerships with leading SIs, such as Accenture, Capgemini and Cognizant, as well as leading technology companies such as Microsoft and Salesforce, as well as Insurtech start-ups, such as Arity, Friss, SPLICE Software, and Cape Analytics. These partnerships have allowed us to further build on our deep domain expertise in the P&C insurance industry, extend the value of our solutions and provide our customers with additional end-to-end functionality. 
 Our subscription revenues have grown significantly in recent years, both in absolute terms and as a percentage of our business. For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021, we generated subscription revenues of 125.3 million, an increase of 49 compared to subscription revenues of 84.0 million for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2020. We generated total revenues of 260.4 million for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021, an increase of 23 compared to total revenues of 211.7 million for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2020. We have made significant investments in our software platform and sales and marketing organization, and incurred net losses of 16.9 million and 29.9 million for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. See Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for more information. 
 P&C Insurance Industry Overview 
 The P&C insurance industry is large, complex and highly regulated. In 2020, the industry serviced approximately 2.3 trillion of DWP spanning thousands of carriers globally. In addition to being one of the largest global industries, we believe it is also one of the most resilient. For a majority of businesses and consumers, insurance is a necessity rather than an amenity. As a result, overall spend on insurance products has continued to grow steadily over the long-term, even across periods of economic volatility. The P&C insurance industry is fragmented by the geographies in which carriers operate, the lines of insurance they underwrite, the customers they target, their distribution strategies, and the overall amount of DWP that they generate. DWP, which quantifies the gross dollar value of total premiums paid to carriers by policyholders, is a key measurement of scale for the P&C insurance industry. 
 P&C carriers sell products that protect policyholders from losses to property, bodily injury, litigation and other liabilities. Large carriers often have global operations and offer a wide range of insurance products. They are also required to organize and report financial information by country, and sometimes by state or province within a country. This creates a large portfolio of insurance products with varied regulatory requirements. Smaller carriers generally have a narrower geographic focus and/or offer a more limited set of insurance products but often still require sophisticated technical capabilities to manage their businesses. The Duck Creek Suite meets the most complex and sophisticated technology needs of the largest carriers, and can also be scaled to cost-effectively serve the needs of smaller carriers. 
 5 

Core systems, including policy, billing and claims, power carriers critical operations. Core systems house insurance product structure, such as rates, rules and forms, and generate data that allows insurers actuarial and underwriting staff to continuously modify and improve their product offerings and provide more personalized customer service. They also manage the claims lifecycle, from first notice of loss to settlement. In addition, core systems integrate with agent and broker portals, operational data stores and data warehouses as well as business intelligence and analytics systems. 
 It is not uncommon for a single carrier to use systems from multiple vendors (or internally developed applications) as core systems for different insurance lines or geographies, or for discrete core system processes (e.g., policy, billing, and claims) within a single insurance line and geography. A carrier may use our software for certain parts of its business and deploy solutions from different vendors for other parts of its business. As a result, we have a market opportunity to achieve greater penetration within our existing customer base, as well as increase our customer base by servicing new customers who are not currently using our products. The following diagram provides a framework for understanding the multifaceted processes of insurers: 

Our Market Opportunity 
 Carriers invest substantial time and resources to develop and maintain their information technology IT operations. We estimate that our total addressable market, representing the portion of this spending that is focused specifically on core system software, is approximately 5 billion in the United States and 16 billion globally. To estimate our total addressable market, we categorized the P&C insurance market into tiers based on DWP per carrier as reported by S&P Global, A.M. Best and Swiss Re, both within the United States and globally. We then estimated average price per DWP for our core systems solutions, accounting for tiered price discounts at different tiers, and multiplied the price per DWP by the total amount of DWP at each tier available both in the United States and globally. 
 Challenges Facing the P&C Insurance Industry and the Limitations of Legacy Systems 
 We believe that reliance on legacy systems and other technologies designed for on-premise environments limit carriers ability to respond to many of the significant challenges facing the insurance industry, including: 

Heightened end-user expectations. Today s end-users expect seamless and tailored experiences with every interaction, which has led to increase in demand for digital distribution and servicing capabilities. For instance, personal and commercial insurance end-users expect improved digital experiences with real-time multi-channel service. 

Increased competition in the marketplace . Carriers are diversifying into new geographies and product lines to drive profitable DWP growth. In addition, new entrants, such as upstart Insurtech companies, are seeking to disrupt the traditional insurance market with targeted technological innovations. In 

 6 

response to escalating competition, carriers are investing in new technology solutions to increase speed to market and reduce operating expenses. 

New and evolving risks . Carriers are under pressure to offer new and more complex insurance products in order to address evolving use cases. Emerging risk categories, such as cybersecurity, terrorism and the sharing economy (e.g. the use of automobiles for personal as well as commercial needs), are creating demand for new insurance products. These new and evolving risks require carriers to be increasingly agile in their product development. 

Increased size of losses in assets and the number of catastrophic events. The increased intricacy of assets, such as automobiles that include full onboard computers, has increased the cost of repairs and claim sizes. Additionally, natural disasters with large scale catastrophic losses have become more frequent. More than ever, carriers need access to accurate and complete data about risk to minimize their losses. 

The rise of the IoT . Carriers have predominately relied on traditional data sources for underwriting, pricing and claims handling. The rise of Internet of Things IoT devices, such as sensors, telematics devices and drones, is significantly increasing the amount of data available to carriers. This enables them to assess risk on a more granular level, identify losses faster, simplify claims processing and mitigate fraud. Taking advantage of new volumes of data requires open and flexible core systems that allow insurers to move more quickly and make powerful data-driven decisions. 

Emerging capabilities and advancing technologies. Carriers can better analyze risk through enhanced pricing models, artificial intelligence and machine learning technology. These emerging technologies offer insurers the opportunity to better understand and price risk in real time and a potential competitive advantage from realizing the value of data science research. As a result, carriers are more aggressively investing in technology to keep up with innovations and integrations. 

 These challenges are placing increased pressure on insurance carriers to improve consumer experience, business agility and speed to market. However, many insurers rely on legacy systems or alternatives designed for on-premise environments that are difficult to change, update or integrate without significant incremental custom-code development. Carriers relying upon these systems are generally unable to manage and analyze data at the pace required to effectively guide operational and risk mitigation and pricing decisions. These systems are difficult to update without significant IT spend and efforts, resulting in higher operating costs and slower speed to market. 
 
 We believe that insurers will increasingly look to adopt SaaS solutions, like Duck Creek OnDemand, that are designed to enhance their organizational agility, product innovation, and consumer experiences, allowing them to react quickly to evolving consumer preferences and efficiently capture market opportunity, while reducing their total cost of ownership. 
 
 SaaS offerings like Duck Creek OnDemand have become the preferred deployment option for carriers. The market has completely transitioned from being skeptical of SaaS solutions to embracing the technology and security advancements offered with SaaS solutions. Earlier adopters of SaaS solutions in the P&C space are finding they are able to focus on growing their business leveraging evergreen technology while delivering their digital platform strategies. As stated in Aite-Novarica s Cloud Computing in Insurance: Current Adoption and Plans report as issued in June 2021, since 2018, the percentage of insurers using cloud has increased from more than 70 to more than 90 . Three-quarters of insurers are planning to expand their use of cloud computing in the next 18 months one-third plan to expand significantly. Duck Creek s OnDemand SaaS solution is positioned to enable carriers to achieve their digital transformation SaaS adoption initiatives. 
 7 

The Duck Creek Approach 
 Our solutions provide a sustainable competitive advantage by helping our customers overcome the limitations of legacy and/or in-house systems to meet the challenges of the current P&C insurance industry. 

Deep domain expertise . With more than twenty years of operating experience in the P&C insurance industry, we have developed deep industry-specific domain expertise. This enables us to offer a broad range of integrated solutions embedded with smart, intuitive pre-built functionality, designed to meet the precise use-case requirements of insurers. Our software incorporates and integrates product definition templates and other key industry content from relevant third-parties (such as Insurance Services Office, Inc. and the National Council on Compensation Insurance) and regulatory bodies. Our in-depth understanding of the P&C insurance industry allows us to continue to address the various and evolving needs of carriers, thereby continuing to enhance their customer experiences. 

Comprehensive, future-ready offerings . Our cohesive suite of enterprise-scale core system software is comprised of leading applications that are designed to meet the full range of our customers needs. We deliver upgrades that can be applied across our full suite, improving common functionality across our customers systems. We continuously update industry content, allowing our customers to efficiently keep pace with market and regulatory changes. We also develop and maintain supplementary proprietary content that allows our customers to define, sell and service complex insurance product lines in a single integrated environment. 

Scalability for all carriers . Our solutions are designed to meet the most complex and sophisticated technology needs of the largest carriers but can also be scaled to cost-effectively serve the needs of smaller carriers. 

Low-code configurability . Using low-code tools designed for ease, speed and accuracy, both technical and non-technical users can tailor our solutions to meet their business needs. These intuitive tools allow our customers to create new products and make changes to existing products and related workflows - without custom coding, accelerating speed to market and improving productivity. We also offer application and configuration tools for technical users who design and manage business processes, user interfaces and web applications. 

Differentiated SaaS architecture . Our technical architecture is designed to keep our customers content configuration and business rules separated from our primary Duck Creek application and platform code. This framework allows continuous delivery of updates and upgrades to our software without disrupting a carrier s specific business rules and definitions. By contrast, existing legacy systems and alternatives to legacy systems designed for on-premise environments typically require costly and disruptive system-wide re-coding and testing projects with each upgrade cycle. 

 8 

Open architecture . Our Duck Creek Anywhere integration strategy provides fast, easy access to the third-party data and services that customers need. This is executed through a pool of APIs, integration methodologies and partner connectors, all designed to enable our customers to efficiently leverage the services that best match their strateg ies . 

Unique insights. We enable insurers to use data as a strategic asset. Using Duck Creek Insights, carriers are able to efficiently gather a consolidated picture of their business across internal and third-party data sources (including data lakes, legacy systems, IoT, policy, claims, etc.), deliver critical information to execute business decisions and employ new methods of automated decision making. 

Mission-focused organization . We are driven by our mission to empower carriers to extend and improve the coverage they provide to their customers and to enhance end-user experiences. This allows insurers to reimagine their operations and shape the future of insurance to provide every person and enterprise protection from life s uncertainties. Our strong culture and organizational ethos, coupled with a management team that has decades of leadership in the insurance software industry and is actively involved in the development of our products, drives our company to continue to innovate and deliver high-quality tools and services to our customers. 

 Our Growth Strategy 
 We intend to extend our position as the leading provider of SaaS solutions for the core systems of the P&C insurance industry. The key components of our strategy are: 

Growing our customer base . We believe there is substantial opportunity to continue to grow our customer base across the P&C insurance industry. We have over 150 insurance customers, which represents a relatively small portion of carriers both in North America and globally. We are investing in our sales and marketing force, specifically targeting key accounts and leveraging current customers as references. 

Deepening relationships with our existing customers . In the past three years, in aggregate we have generated 62 of our bookings from sales to existing customers. In addition to pursuing new customers, we intend to leverage our track record of success with our existing customers by selling additional products and targeting new opportunities within these organizations. Many customers purchase our solutions to address a specific portion of their core system needs. We believe we will have the opportunity to further transition the remaining components of their core systems to our SaaS solutions and sell the Duck Creek Suite to additional business units within our customer base. 

Expanding our partner ecosystem . We have a large and expanding network of partnerships that is comprised of third-party solution partners who provide complementary capabilities as well as third-party SIs and consulting partners provide implementation and other related services to our customers. These partners help us grow our business more efficiently by enhancing our sales force through co-marketing efforts and giving us the scale to service our expanding customer base. We continue to extend our network of partners to drive meaningful interest in, and adoption of, our products. 

Continuing to innovate and add new solutions. We have made significant investments in research and development and intend to continue to do so. We are focused on enhancing the functionality and breadth of our current solutions as well as developing and launching new products and tools to address the evolving needs of the P&C insurance industry. For example, we introduced Anywhere Managed Integrations , which allows our customers to seamlessly connect with numerous popular third-party providers data and service solutions, such as Lexis Nexis, Verisk and Hyland, without having to bear the technical burden and higher cost of individually integrating them. We currently offer our customers 35 unique Anywhere Managed Integrations and counting. 

Broadening our geographical presence. We believe there is significant need for our solutions on a global basis and, accordingly, opportunity for us to grow our business through further international expansion. We are broadening our global footprint and intend to establish a presence in additional international markets. 

Transitioning our term and perpetual license customers to SaaS . Some of our customers use versions of our solutions that were purchased via perpetual or term licenses and these are typically installed on-premise. We will seek to transition these customers to our current SaaS solutions, which we believe will generate increased long-term economic value. 

 9 

Pursuing acquisitions . We have acquired and successfully integrated several businesses complementary to our own to enhance our software and technology capabilities. We intend to continue to pursue targeted acquisitions that further complement our product portfolio or provide us access to new markets. We will carefully evaluate acquisition opportunities to assess whether they will be successful within our business model and whether they will meet our strategic objectives. We believe that through sustained execution of our disciplined and selective acquisition strategy, we will be able to effectively integrate targeted companies or assets into our model and grow our business. 

 Our Products 

Our customers purchase and deploy our solutions either individually for a specific P&C insurance process or as part of a combined suite to manage all aspects of the core P&C insurance lifecycle. Our portfolio includes the following core system products: 

Duck Creek Policy . A full lifecycle solution for the development of products as well as quoting, binding and servicing policies across all channels, from agents and brokers to end-users. Duck Creek Policy maintains all the coverages, limits and exclusions that are used to create specific products. It also serves as the system of record for any endorsements, additions or changes for policies in force. We also offer Underwriting Workbench, an add-on module that extends the underwriting functionality of Duck Creek Policy by providing the ability to group quotes and policies into accounts, giving a holistic view of information relevant to underwriting. 

Duck Creek Billing . A solution that provides core payment and invoicing capabilities (such as billing and collections, commission processing, disbursement management and general ledger capabilities) for all insurance lines and bill types. Our billing system allows insurers to implement unique business rules and handle flexible payment plans to meet customer expectations and address increasingly complex billing 

 10 

strategies and practices. Our technology and automation allows greater control over billing processes and better management of payment collections, which can improve our customers financial performance and customer service. 

Duck Creek Claims . Supports the entire claims lifecycle from first notice of loss through investigation, payments, negotiations, reporting and closure. Effective claims management is integral to carriers profitability and has become increasingly complex, time-sensitive and data-dependent. Duck Creek Claims provides enhanced technology, enabling greater information sharing and collaboration as well as providing a configuration toolset that gives all users power over the application data, screens and processes. 

 We also offer the following products to further enable our customers to meet the challenges and increasing demands of the P&C insurance industry: 

Duck Creek Rating . Duck Creek Rating can be implemented on a standalone basis or as a component of Duck Creek Policy. Duck Creek Rating gives insurers the ability to quickly develop new rates and models and delivers accurate quotes in real-time based on the complex rating algorithms that are unique to each carrier s line of business. To remain competitive in today s marketplace, insurers are re-evaluating the efficacy of their rating systems. Duck Creek Rating provides insurers more granular risk segmentation and greater pricing precision. 

Duck Creek Insights . An insurance analytics solution that allows carriers to gather and analyze data from internal and external sources and facilitates rapid analysis and reporting in a single system. Duck Creek Insights allows carriers to use data as a strategic asset in real time, empowering them to quickly capture and leverage data across and beyond their organizations, deliver leaders and business users crucial information needed to execute intelligent actions and employ new methods of automated decision-making. 

Duck Creek Digital Engagement . A family of offerings designed to provide intuitive, multi-channel digital interactions between P&C insurers and their agents, brokers and policyholders. Duck Creek Digital Engagement offers online digital applications, including our Duck Creek Producer, AgencyPortal, Turnstile and AgencyConnect tools. 

Duck Creek Distribution Management . A solution that automates sales channel activities for agents and brokers, including producer onboarding, compliance and compensation management, thereby reducing time spent on manual processes. Duck Creek Distribution Management helps carriers stay compliant with distribution licensing and reporting while also offering insurers the ability to quickly and effectively change producer commission plans using simple configurations. 

Duck Creek Reinsurance Management. Automates critical financial and administrative functions required by primary carriers, such as contracts, bills, recoveries and payables, to manage contractual relationships and provide settlement with reinsurance providers. Duck Creek Reinsurance Management supports all reinsurance structures, provides a full audit trail and analytics and produces statements, bordereaux, cover letters, footnotes and supporting details. 

Duck Creek Industry Content . Provides pre-built content (including base business rules, product designs, rating algorithms, data capture screens and workflows) for specific insurance lines of business, such as commercial auto, inland marine and workers compensation. In offering Duck Creek Industry Content, we actively maintain and update approximately 700 web-based screens and 9,000 insurance forms across several industry standard bodies such as AAIS, ACORD, ISO and NCCI, which reduces the effort required by our customers to comply with these standards. 

 11 

Our Unique Architecture: the Duck Creek Platform 

Every insurer takes a distinct approach to designing the policies that they offers and the core business processes that they employ to support them. How a carrier chooses to assemble and rate the underlying elements of an insurance policy (such as the weighting ascribed to roof age for pricing a homeowner s policy) represents its unique content configurations. For many carriers, these configurations have been built up over years of investment and development and represent a key competitive differentiator. These nuanced distinctions around coverages, limitations, rating factors and the data used to determine risk appetite and pricing can be the difference between a successful insurer and one facing losses. Additionally, the distinctive routing and handling of service decisions or claims triage can impact the cost and profitability of an insurer. 
 The Duck Creek Platform configuration layer serves as the development environment for carriers to create and modify insurance products (such as a commercial auto insurance policy), and the associated business rules and workflows that govern how insurance products are processed within a carrier, such as: 

Product Design : the unique way in which carriers use individual data points (such as driving record and the make/model of a car) to design individual policies, including coverages, limits, pricing and deductibles, such as vanishing deductibles or pay-per-mile auto policies. 

Business Rules : carrier-specific criteria, including the types of policies they will write, channel and distribution rules (such as giving underwriting authority to distribution partners), and customer-specific claims handling. 

Workflows : the ways in which an individual insurer manages its back office operations (such as the unique processes for handling different types of claims). 

 The configuration layer is separated from our solutions and platform code, and this decoupling allows our customers to maintain their unique configurations even as technology advances and we provide upgrades. This architecture provides our customers several unique advantages: 
 12 

Faster innovation cycles enabled by the inheritance model . A defining characteristic of the Duck Creek Platform is our inheritance model that enables carriers to create and re-use insurance products - and components of insurance products - in layers which are linked together dynamically. This approach enables carriers to create new insurance products with speed and consistency. 
 Using this inheritance model, insurers can create a new insurance product simply by adding a new layer or tailoring a specific component in an existing layer using low-code configuration. This ensures consistency in operations across a carrier s products using the same common base layer, while also allowing them to make changes efficiently across many insurance products by changing a single component within a common layer. 
 Importantly, our inheritance model enhances carriers agility and speed to market by accelerating new product development and allowing them to quickly capitalize on new and evolving opportunities while avoiding costly re-work required with legacy systems and alternative systems that were designed for on-premise environments. In addition to product designs, our inheritance model can also be applied to workflows and business rules. 

Low-code configuration tools. Our low-code configuration tools allow technical and non-technical users alike to rapidly tailor our applications to meet their specific needs. These tools enable our customers to make meaningful changes to their products, processes or business rules with drag-and-drop authoring features and functionality without having to perform custom coding. This framework enables users to operate with speed while significantly reducing software development costs. 
 User Experience. Our Platform enables carriers to build differentiated user experiences. Using the Duck Creek Design System along with our low-code configuration tools, carriers can create experiences based on each user persona s preferred engagement channel or deliver experiences designed using Duck Creek tools via third-party interfaces. The Duck Creek Design System encapsulates years of industry research distilled into a best practice library that supports the needs of the various users of core systems from agents to customer service professionals to policyholders and others. 
 13 

Anywhere Integrations. In today s insurance market, every transaction, workflow and decision must be informed by as much data and knowledge as possible and leverage services from internal and external sources to complete end-to-end processes. Openness to integration with third-party services, including the ability to work with the expanding world of Insurtech services and evolving artificial intelligence and machine learning technology, is critical to carrier s success. Through a robust set of REST APIs, integration accelerators and partner connectors, the open architecture of the Duck Creek Platform allows carriers to quickly and easily choose from myriad available services and provides them with the flexibility to leverage the tools and capabilities that best match their business strategy . 
 Our Customers 
 We have over 150 insurance customers, including the top five North American insurance carriers. Many of our customers serve multiple lines of insurance (including personal, commercial and specialty) and are leaders among each of these distinct categories. In addition, certain of our customers operate our solutions in multiple countries. Our customers, many of which we have had long-term relationships with, range from large national and multi-national carriers, such as Progressive, Liberty Mutual Insurance, AIG, The Hartford, Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance, GEICO, and Munich Re Specialty Insurance to regional carriers, such as UPC Insurance, Farm Bureau Financial, Avant Mutual, IAT Insurance Group, and Mutual Benefit Group. Approximately 70 of our insurance customers use one or more of our SaaS products, including over 35 insurance customers that use our SaaS core system products. 
 When utilizing our solutions, products, and Platform, our customers benefit from increased agility, greater flexibility, and overall lower total cost of ownership. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 We have made significant investments in our sales and marketing efforts. As of August 31, 2021, our sales and marketing organization included 188 employees. The majority of our sales and marketing strategies are focused on driving SaaS bookings growth. Our Chief Marketing Officer and Chief Revenue Officer, together with our sales, marketing and executive teams, promote our global brand by working to cultivate long-term relationships with current and prospective customers and other key industry influencers in each of the geographies in which we are active. 
 We sell our solutions and services through a direct sales team, comprised of our inside sales team, territory-based sales directors, and solutions consultants. Our inside sales team focuses on initiating contact with prospective customers and generating interest in cross-selling opportunities with existing customers. Our territory-based sales directors oversee sales to new or existing customers, and as part of the sales and marketing process, engage our solution consultants. Our solution consultants possess deep insurance domain expertise and are also experts in the technical aspects of our solutions and customer implementations. They engage with customers to understand their specific business needs and present live demonstrations of our products tailored to address those needs. Our solution consultants play a critical role in demonstrating the robust and complex features of our applications and helping carriers build an understanding of how to successfully integrate the Duck Creek Platform into their operations. 
 Our partnerships are also an important aspect of our sales and marketing strategy. We have a broad partner ecosystem that includes third-party solution partners who provide complementary capabilities as well as third-party SIs who provide implementation and other related services to our customers. These partnerships provide additional market validation to our offerings, enhance our sales force through co-marketing efforts and offer greater speed and efficiency of implementation capabilities and related services to our customers. We have relationships with over 50 different companies and counting across a diverse set of services and offerings. These relationships include partnerships with leading SIs, such as Accenture, Capgemini, Cognizant and Mindtree. Since 2017, we have grown the number of professionals in Duck Creek practices within these delivery partners from approximately 700 to over 5,000. We also maintain relationships with leading technology companies and solution providers, such as Microsoft, Salesforce, Hyland, Verisk and Lexis Nexis, as well as Insurtech start-ups, such as Arity, Friss, SPLICE Software, and Cape Analytics. These partnerships enhance the value of our solutions and provide our customers additional end-to-end functionality. 
 14 

We engage in a variety of traditional and online marketing activities designed to provide sales support, build brand recognition and enhance our reputation as an industry leader. Our marketing efforts help articulate our vision of how Duck Creek can shape the future of P&C insurance with affordable, flexible and open technology. Through our integrated marketing strategy we drive demand and brand recognition by leveraging digital advertising, search engine optimization, webinars, social media, thought leadership and various event-based marketing initiatives . We participate at industry conferences, are published frequently in the industry press and have active relationships with major industry analysts. Additionally, we host an annual user conference, Formation, where our customers both participate in and deliver presentations on a wide range of Duck Creek and insurance technology topics. Formation facilitates discussions among industry participants and serves as a great resource for tips on using our P latform and industry best practices. We also invite potential customers and partners to Formation as we believe customer references are a key component of driving new sales. We believe we are able to capitalize on the resulting network effect as we build goodwill through customer reviews and testimonials, word-of-mouth referrals , and references from other industry participants. 
 Research and Development 
 Our research and development efforts focus on enhancing our offerings, in particular our SaaS solutions, to help our customers improve their operations, drive greater digital engagement with their customers, agents, and brokers, and gather, store and analyze data to improve business decisions. As of August 31, 2021, our research and development team was comprised of 470 employees, including product management and. 
 We make meaningful investments in developing the product definitions engineering personnel and integrations necessary for our solutions to meet the market requirements of each P&C insurance line of business and country or state in which we market our solutions. This market-segment specific functionality must be updated regularly in order to stay current with regulatory changes in each region. We rely heavily on input from our customers in developing products that meet their needs. Our product management team leads our research and market validation efforts, and provides guidance to our management and engineering teams based on their collective domain expertise and in-depth knowledge and understanding of our customers, as well as their expertise in general technology advancements beyond the P&C insurance industry. As a result, our product management team engages regularly with customers, partners, and other industry participants, as well as our customer service, sales and marketing, and research and development organizations. Our product management team manages our development projects generally and serves to align separate functions within the company with a single strategic vision. 
 Our product and engineering teams are responsible for the design, development and testing of our products. They work together to launch new products and functionality as well as continuously enhance and support our existing products. These teams include both technology and insurance experts. We leverage a collaborative, team-based and test-driven approach to engineering so we can deliver new updates frequently. We believe that the pace of change in the P&C insurance industry requires a steady stream of continuous delivery of upgrades to our software solutions, which incrementally improve user experiences, core processes, and insurance products. 
 SaaS Operations, Security and Compliance 
 We invest significantly in our Duck Creek OnDemand operations team, which is one of the fastest growing elements of our business and is responsible for all aspects of service delivery for Duck Creek OnDemand. This includes full management of the network and cloud infrastructure that supports our applications as well as day-to-day management to ensure the availability of applications, including through triage and ticket management to support our customers. In addition, our security team, led by our Chief Information Security Officer, manages both security operations as well as policies to ensure that security is proactively built into our products and services. Our security and operations teams are based in our state-of-the-art SaaS Operations Center in Rosemont, Illinois, with additional team members located in geographies that enable around-the-clock coverage for critical customer operations. In addition to the investments we make in our security and operations teams, we continue to build on our technology tools and strong partner relationships, including our investments in best-in-class security and monitoring tools and our unique ongoing partnership with Microsoft s Azure team, which helps us to provide the smooth and efficient operation of Duck Creek OnDemand. 
 15 

Competition 
 The market for core system software for the P&C insurance industry is highly competitive and fragmented. Increased spending by carriers on software applications and the emergence of new platforms that have expanded from the modernization of core systems to include new digital engagement and data and analytics solutions have generated significant interest among investors and entrepreneurs. Increased capital allows market participants to adopt more aggressive go-to-market strategies, improve existing products, introduce new ones, and consolidate with other vendors. This market is also subject to changing technology preferences, shifting customer needs, and the introduction of new models, products, and services, which fosters a highly competitive market. Additionally, existing relationships between potential customers and our competitors may make selling our solutions to such customers challenging due to the high costs and risk of business interruption associated with switching providers. Our current and future competitors vary in size and in the breadth and scope of the products and services they offer, and may be larger, have longer operating histories, or have greater available financial, technical, sales, marketing and other resources than we do, as well as larger installed customer bases. Our current principal competitors include, but are not limited to: 

Internally Developed Technology and Software : Many large insurance companies have sufficient IT resources to develop and maintain proprietary internal systems, or to consider developing new custom systems. Often these in-house technology programs will be supported by large scale consulting firms such as IBM, Wipro, Cognizant, and others. 

P&C Insurance Software Vendors : Vendors such as Guidewire, Insurity, Majesco, Sapiens and others provide software products that are specifically designed to meet the needs of insurers. 

Horizontal Software Vendors : Vendors such as Oracle, SAP, Pegasystems and others provide software that can be customized to address the needs of insurers. 

IT Services Firms : Firms such as DXC Technology, NTT Data and Tata Consultancy Services Limited offer software and systems that can be adapted for the P&C insurance industry. 

 We believe the principal competitive factors in our market include, but are not limited to: 

Breadth and depth of product functionality, 

Line of business support that fits the needs of each element of a carrier s business, 

Total cost of ownership, 

Domain expertise in the P&C insurance industry, 

Scalability, reliability and uptime of application, 

Quality of implementation and collaborative customer service, including service and support staff for users, 

Modern and intuitive technology and user experience, 

Brand awareness, reputation and customer references, 

Integration with a wide variety of third-party applications and systems. 

 Our ability to remain competitive in the geographies in which we are active will depend to a great extent upon our ongoing performance in these areas. 
 Intellectual Property 
 The software industry is characterized by the existence of a large number of patents and frequent claims and related litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. Our success and ability to compete depend in part upon our ability to protect our proprietary technology and to establish and adequately protect our intellectual property rights. To accomplish these objectives, we rely on a combination of patent, trademark, copyright, and trade secret laws in the United States and other jurisdictions, as well as license agreements and other contractual protections. 
 16 

As of August 31, 202 1 , we owned 1 1 issued U.S. patents , one of which expired in October 202 1 . Our remaining 1 0 issued U. S. patents are scheduled to expire between December 2021 and January 2032 . The competitive advantages from the rights granted under our patents and the exact protection these patents provide cannot be predicted with certainty. Our existing patents, and any future patents, may be contested, circumvented or invalidated, and we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing upon these patents. We anticipate filing additional patent applications to protect our rights in the future to the extent that it would be beneficial and cost effective. 
 We also rely on certain registered and unregistered trademarks to protect our brand. We have registered the trademarks Duck Creek and related design marks in the United States and certain other jurisdictions. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other registered tradenames or trademarks that incorporate variations of our tradenames or trademarks. Any claims or customer confusion related to our tradenames or trademarks could damage our reputation and brand and substantially harm our business and results of operations. 
 In addition, we seek to protect our intellectual property rights by entering into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and contractors, as well as confidentiality agreements with third parties. Despite these precautions, it may be possible for unauthorized parties to copy or use our proprietary information to create products or services that compete with ours. Policing unauthorized use of our technology and intellectual property rights can be difficult. The enforcement of our intellectual property rights depends on any legal actions, which can be costly and time consuming, against infringers being successful, which may not always be the case even when our rights have been infringed. 
 Employees 
 As of August 31, 2021, we had 1,653 employees and 129 contingent employees. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good, and we focus heavily on employee engagement. 
 Regulations 
 The legal environment of cloud-based software businesses is evolving in the United States and other jurisdictions, and we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and abroad that involve matters central to our business. Many of these laws and regulations are still evolving and being tested in courts and could be interpreted in ways that could harm our business. These may involve privacy, data protection and personal information, content, intellectual property, data security, and data retention and deletion. In particular, we are subject to federal, state and foreign laws regarding privacy and protection of people s data. Foreign data protection, privacy, content and other laws and regulations can impose different obligations or be more restrictive than those in the United States. United States federal and state (and foreign) laws and regulations, which in some cases can be enforced by private parties in addition to government entities, are constantly evolving and can be subject to significant change. As a result, the application, interpretation, and enforcement of these laws and regulations are often uncertain, particularly in the evolving industry in which we operate, and may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from country to country and inconsistently with our current policies and practices. 
 Our customers upload to and store customer data in our cloud-based platform. This presents legal challenges to our business and operations, such as consumer privacy rights or intellectual property rights. Both in the United States and internationally, we must monitor and comply with a wide variety of laws and regulations regarding the data stored and processed with our cloud-based platform as well as in the operation of our business. For example, the European Union s GDPR, which became effective on May 25, 2018, has resulted and will continue to result in significantly greater compliance burdens and costs for companies with users and operations in the European Union. Under the GDPR, fines of up to 20 million Euros or up to 4 of the annual global revenues of the infringer, whichever is greater, can be imposed for violations. The GDPR imposes several stringent requirements for controllers and processors of personal data and could make it more difficult and/or more costly for us to use and share personal data. Further, Brexit has created uncertainty with regard to the regulation of data protection in the United Kingdom. In particular, it is unclear whether the United Kingdom will enact data protection laws or regulations designed to be consistent with GDPR and how data transfers to and from the United Kingdom will be 
 17 

regulated. In addition, the C alifornia C onsumer P rivacy A ct C CPA , which went into effect on January 1, 2020, limits how we may collect and use personal data. The impact of this law on us and others in our industry is and will remain unclear until additional regulations are issued. The effects of the CCPA are potentially far-reaching, however, and may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and incur substantial compliance-related costs and expenses. Non-compliance with these laws could result in penalties or significant legal liability. We have invested, and continue to invest, human and technology resources into our GDPR compliance efforts and our data privacy compliance efforts generally. 
 COVID-19 Update 
 In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus COVID-19 was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China. In January 2020, COVID-19 spread to other countries, including the United States and others in which we operate, and efforts to contain the spread of COVID-19 intensified. In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a global pandemic. The outbreak and certain preventative or protective actions that governments, businesses and individuals have taken in respect of COVID-19 have resulted in extended global business disruptions. The severity and duration of these business disruptions remain largely fluid and ultimately will depend on many factors, including the speed and effectiveness of containment efforts throughout the world. 
 In March 2020, we implemented various measures to ensure the safety of our employees, customers and suppliers. Over a two-day period, we shifted 100 of our employee base to work from home due to the success of our work from home program, we have since established a remote-first policy for all employees. Under this policy, employees can work from home but have the option to work out of physical office locations when they would like, pursuant to any governmental regulations or other pertinent guidance regarding workplace safety. Additionally, our operational model has enabled us to minimize the impact to sales productivity or delivery of our solutions to customers to date. Since shifting to working remotely, we have successfully completed several product live launches and initiated new projects applying a fully virtual model. 
 While the full impact of COVID-19 remains unknown and COVID-19 has impacted certain companies decisions regarding technology spending, we have not experienced a material disruption on our bookings or sales to date. For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021, we generated growth of 23 in total revenue, 49 in subscription revenue and 21 in SaaS ARR (as defined below) as compared to the fiscal year 2020. For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2020, we generated growth of 24 in total revenue, 50 in subscription revenue and 85 in SaaS ARR (as defined below) as compared to the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019. Our ability to grow revenue within our existing customer accounts has remained strong, with a SaaS Net Dollar Retention Rate (as defined below) of 120.4 and 116.8 for the quarters ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. However, due to COVID-19 we delayed certain of our planned investments, primarily related to our international expansion initiatives. 
 As of August 31, 2021, we had 406.8 million of liquidity, including 185.7 million in cash and cash equivalents, 192.0 million in short-term investments, and 29.1 million of availability under our revolving credit facility. 
 The magnitude of the effect of COVID-19 on our business will depend, in part, on the length and severity of the restrictions and other limitations on our ability to conduct our business in the ordinary course. The longer the pandemic continues or resurges, the more severe the impacts described above may be on our business. The extent, length and consequences of the pandemic, including our customers purchasing decisions and other reactions, are uncertain and impossible to predict, but could be material. Any reopenings followed by subsequent restrictions or closings could also have a material impact on us. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Public health outbreaks, epidemics or pandemics, including the global COVID-19 outbreak, could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Corporate Information 
 Duck Creek Technologies, Inc. was incorporated in Delaware in November 2019. In August 2020, we completed the initial public offering of our common stock (the IPO and our common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select 
 18 

Market Nasdaq under the symbol DCT. Our principal executive offices are located at 22 Boston Wharf Road, Floor 10, Boston, MA 02210, and our telephone number is (888) 724-3509. 
 Our website address is www.DuckCreek.com. We make available on or through our website certain reports and amendments to those reports that we file with or furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act). These include our annual reports on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and our current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended the Exchange Act 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Our business involves significant risks, some of which are set forth below. You should carefully consider the risks described below together with other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other public filings. If any of the following risks or uncertainties actually occur, our business, financial condition, prospects, results of operations and cash flow could be materially and adversely affected. In that case, the market price of our common stock could decline. The risks discussed below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks or uncertainties not currently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, may also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, prospects, results of operations or cash flows, as well as the market price of our securities. We cannot assure you that any of the events discussed in the risk factors below will not occur. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 Public health outbreaks, epidemics or pandemics, including the global COVID-19 outbreak, could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Public health outbreaks, epidemics or pandemics, could materially and adversely impact our business. For example, the COVID-19 virus resulted in numerous countries, including the United States, declaring national emergencies with respect to COVID-19. The outbreak and the public health measures undertaken by governments, businesses and individuals to contain the spread of COVID-19, included orders to shelter-in-place and restrictions on travel and permitted business operations. While certain of those restrictions have been relaxed, an increase in COVID-19 cases or variations thereof may result in the reimposition of such restrictive measures, which have resulted and continue to result in global business disruptions that adversely affect workforces, organizations, economies, and financial markets globally, leading to an economic downturn and increased market volatility. The ongoing outbreak has disrupted, and will likely continue to disrupt, the normal operations of many businesses, including our customers, as well as the ability of our technical support teams and sales force to travel to existing customers and new business prospects, and the operations of our customers and SI partners. While our business has not, to date, experienced a material disruption in bookings or sales from the COVID-19 pandemic, should the outbreak or variations thereof intensify, we may experience delays in services delivery, implementations, critical development and commercialization activities, including delays in the introduction of new products and services and further international expansion, interruptions in sales and marketing activity, furloughs of employees and disruptions of supply chains. Additionally, we may incur increased costs in the future when employees return to work and we implement measures to ensure their safety. 
 The related impact on the global economy could also decrease technology spending by our existing and prospective customers and adversely affect their demand for our solutions. Further, our sales and implementation cycles could increase resulting in providing contract terms more favorable to customers and a potentially longer delay between incurring operating expenses and the generation of corresponding revenue or in difficulty in accurately predicting our financial forecasts. Additionally, the economic downturn and rising unemployment rates resulting from COVID-19 have the potential to significantly reduce individual and business disposable income and depress consumer confidence, which could limit the ability or willingness of some consumers to obtain and pay for insurance products in both the short- and medium-term, which may negatively impact the ability of our customers to pay for our services or require such customers to request amended payment terms for their outstanding invoices. Furthermore, we are unable to predict the impact that COVID-19 may have going forward on the business, results of operations or financial position of any of our major customers, which could impact each customer to varying degrees and at different times and could ultimately impact our own financial performance. Certain of our 
 19 

competitors may also be better equipped to weather the impact of COVID-19 both domestically and abroad and better able to address changes in customer demand. 
 The outbreak has also presented operational challenges, included those related to working remotely and self-imposed restrictions on international and domestic travel. We depend on key officers and employees should any of them become ill and unable to work, it could impact our productivity and business continuity. Although we continue to monitor the situation and have adjusted our policies as more information and public health guidance become available, it is not possible for us to predict the duration or magnitude of these business disruptions and the adverse results of the outbreak, which ultimately will depend on many factors, including the speed and effectiveness of containment efforts throughout the world, including those related to the Delta and other variations of COVID-19. These disruptions could negatively affect our operations or internal controls over financial reporting and may require us to implement new processes, procedures and controls to respond to further changes in our business environment. 
 Additionally, COVID-19 could increase the magnitude of many of the other risks described herein and have other adverse effects on our operations that we are not currently able to predict. For example, we have, and may continue to delay or limit our internal strategies in the short- and medium-term by, for example, redirecting significant resources and management attention away from implementing our strategic priorities or executing opportunistic corporate development transactions (including our international expansion). 
 The magnitude of the effect of COVID-19 on our business will depend, in part, on the length and severity of the restrictions and other limitations on our ability to conduct our business in the ordinary course. The longer the pandemic continues or resurges, the more severe the impacts described above will be on our business. The extent, length and consequences of the pandemic on our business, including our customers purchasing decisions and other reactions, are uncertain and impossible to predict but could be material. Any reopenings followed by subsequent restrictions or closing could have a material impact on us. COVID-19 and other similar outbreaks, epidemics or pandemics could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects and could cause significant volatility in the trading prices of our common stock as a result of any of the risks described above and other risks that we are not able to predict. 
 To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those relating to our liquidity. 
 We have a history of losses and may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 
 We have incurred net losses of 16.9 million, 29.9 million, and 16.9 million in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. We must generate and sustain higher revenue levels in future periods to become profitable, and, even if we do, we may not be able to maintain or increase our profitability. We expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future as we expend substantial financial and other resources on, among other things: 

sales and marketing, including expanding our direct sales team and online marketing programs, particularly for larger customers 

investments in the development of new products and new features for, and enhancements of, our existing product portfolio 

expansion of our operations and infrastructure organically and through acquisitions and strategic partnerships, both domestically and internationally and 

general administration, including legal, risk management, accounting, and other expenses related to being a public company. 

 These expenditures may not result in additional revenue or the growth of our business. Accordingly, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to offset our expected cost increases and achieve and sustain profitability. If we fail to achieve and sustain profitability, the market price of our common stock could decline. 
 20 

Changes in our product revenue mix and gross margins as we continue to focus on sales of our SaaS solutions will cause fluctuations in our results of operations and cash flows between periods, which may cause our stock price to decline. 
 We have recently experienced strong growth in subscriptions to our SaaS solutions and, in particular, our subscription revenue has continued to increase in comparison with our license revenue for our term and perpetual licenses. Our subscription revenue grew 49 from 84.0 million to 125.3 million in fiscal 2021, in 2020 from 55.9 million in fiscal 2019, and 32 from 42.5 million in fiscal 2018. 
 Our subscription revenue is recognized ratably over the term of the contract, unlike the license revenue from our term and perpetual licenses, which is typically recognized upfront. We expect the portion of our subscription revenue will grow as we continue to focus on driving sales of our SaaS solutions to new customers and existing term and perpetual license customers, as well as to our existing customers with SaaS arrangements who do not utilize the full Duck Creek Suite . As a result, our product revenue mix has changed, and will continue to change over time as the portion of upfront license revenue decreases and the portion of ratable subscription revenue increases, which may make our results in any one period difficult to compare to any other period. This change of revenue mix could adversely impact our gross and operating margins. For instance, as we continue to increase our focus on SaaS customers, we expect our overall gross margin percentage to decrease due to our subscription gross margin percentages being lower than our license gross margin percentages. 
 Additionally, the growth of our business is dependent on winning a relatively small number of higher value contracts, and our quarterly results of operations may be volatile because we cannot control in which quarter, if any, a new contract will be signed in a given year, particularly in the current economic climate. Our revenue may also fluctuate versus comparable prior periods or prior quarters within the same fiscal year based on the terms of the agreements and the timing of new orders executed in the quarter. In addition, as subscription revenue is recognized ratably over the term of the contract, most of the subscription revenue we report in each quarter is the result of SaaS arrangements entered into during previous quarters. Consequently, a decline in new or renewed subscriptions in any one quarter will not be fully reflected in our revenue results for that quarter. Any such decline, however, will negatively affect our revenue in future quarters. 
 These factors may cause significant fluctuations in our results of operations and cash flows, may make it challenging for an investor to predict our performance and may prevent us from meeting or exceeding the expectations of research analysts or investors, which in turn may cause our stock price to decline. 
 We have relied and expect to continue to rely on orders from a relatively small number of customers in the P&C insurance industry for a substantial portion of our revenue, and the loss of any of these customers or a reduction in revenue from any of these customers would significantly harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our revenue is dependent on orders from customers in the P&C insurance industry and a relatively small number of customers have historically accounted for a significant portion of our revenue. We have over 150 insurance customers. We had no single customer that accounted for over 10 of our total revenue in fiscal 2021 or 2020. We also assess customer concentration by combining customers that are under common control and considering them as one entity. On this basis we had no consolidated entities that represented more than 10 of our total revenue in fiscal 2021 and one consolidated entity that represented in excess of 11 of our total revenue in fiscal 2020. a large multinational corporation that does business with us through multiple subsidiaries at approximately 11 . While we expect this reliance to decrease over time, we expect that we will continue to depend upon a relatively small number of customers for a significant portion of our revenue for the foreseeable future. As a result, if we fail to successfully sell our solutions and professional services to one or more of these anticipated customers in any particular period or fail to identify additional potential customers or such customers purchase fewer of our solutions or professional services, defer or cancel orders, fail to renew their subscription arrangements or license agreements or otherwise terminate their relationship with us, our business, results of operations and financial condition would be harmed. Additionally, if our sales to one or more of these anticipated customers in any particular period is for SaaS arrangements or maintenance and support and are ratable in nature, or if we fail to achieve the required performance criteria or service levels for one or more of these relatively small number of customers, our quarterly and annual results of operations may fluctuate significantly. Some of our SaaS 
 21 

arrangements and license agreements with our customers can be canceled and not renewed by the customer after the expiration of the SaaS or license term, as applicable, on relatively short notice. Moreover, one of our SaaS customers has a right to terminate its contract with us at its discretion by providing notice and paying a termination fee based on a proportion of the remaining SaaS fees otherwise payable by that customer for the balance of the committed term of its contract, while one of our other SaaS customers has a right to terminate its contract with us at its discretion only during the first year of the committed term of its contract by providing notice and paying a termination fee equal to the SaaS fees otherwise payable by that customer for the balance of the first year of the committed term of its contract. In addition, another SaaS customer has the ability to elect during the last year of the committed term of its contract to discontinue its access to certain SaaS capabilities made available to it under such contract by providing notice and receiving up to an approximately 7 reduction in annual SaaS fees that would have otherwise been payable by that customer during the last year of the committed term of its contract. The loss of business from any of our significant customers, including from cancellations, could seriously harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our large customers have substantial negotiating leverage, which may require that we agree to terms and conditions that result in increased cost of sales, decreased revenue and lower average selling prices and gross margin percentages, all of which would harm our results of operations. 
 Some of our customers include the world s largest carriers. These customers have significant bargaining power when negotiating new SaaS arrangements or term licenses, or renewals of existing agreements, and have the ability to buy similar solutions from other vendors or develop such systems internally. These customers have and may continue to seek advantageous pricing and other commercial terms and may require us to develop additional features in the solutions we sell to them. We have been required to, and may continue to be required to, reduce the average selling price of our solutions in response to these pressures. These customers may also require us to implement their purchased products on an expedited basis. If we are unable to implement our products to our customer s satisfaction or avoid reducing our average selling prices and gross margin percentages, our results of operations would be harmed. 
 Our business depends on customers renewing and expanding their SaaS arrangements, term licenses or maintenance and support arrangements for our solutions. A decline in our customer renewals and expansions could harm our future results of operations. 
 Our customers have no obligation to renew their SaaS arrangements, term licenses or maintenance and support arrangements after they expire, and these arrangements or licenses may not be renewed on the same or more favorable terms. Moreover, one of our SaaS customers has a right to terminate its contract with us at its discretion by providing notice and paying a termination fee based on a proportion of the remaining SaaS fees otherwise payable by that customer for the balance of the committed term of its contract, while one of our other SaaS customers has a right to terminate its contract with us at its discretion only during the first year of the committed term of its contract by providing notice and paying a termination fee equal to the SaaS fees otherwise payable by that customer for the balance of the first year of the committed term of its contract. In addition, another SaaS customer has the ability to elect during the last year of the committed term of its contract to discontinue its access to certain SaaS capabilities made available to it under such contract by providing notice and receiving up to an approximately 7 reduction in annual SaaS service fees that would have otherwise been payable by that customer during the last year of the committed term of its contract. We have limited historical data with respect to rates of customer renewals, upgrades and expansions of our SaaS solutions, so we may not accurately predict future trends in customer renewals. In addition, our term and perpetual license customers have no obligation to renew their maintenance and support arrangements after the expiration of the initial contractual period, which has historically been for three to six years, and more recently has been reduced to two years. Our customers renewal rates may fluctuate or decline because of several factors, including their satisfaction or dissatisfaction with our solutions and professional services, the prices of our solutions and professional services, the prices of solutions and professional services offered by our competitors or reductions in our customers spending levels due to the macroeconomic environment or other factors. If our customers do not renew their SaaS arrangements or term licenses for our solutions or renew on less favorable terms, our revenue may decline or grow more slowly than expected and our profitability will be harmed. 
 22 

Our growth strategy is focused on continuing to develop our SaaS solutions, which may increase our costs. In addition, if we are unable to successfully grow our SaaS business or navigate our growth strategy, our reputation and results of operations could be harmed. 
 To address demand trends in the P&C insurance industry, we have focused on and plan to continue focusing on the growth and expansion of our SaaS business. This growth strategy has required and will continue to require a considerable investment of technical, financial and sales resources. We have no assurance that such investments will result in an increase in subscription revenue or that we will be able to scale such investments efficiently, or at all, to meet customer demand and expectations. Our focus on our SaaS business may increase our costs, such as the cost of public infrastructure, in any given period and may be difficult to predict over time. Further, we have experienced and may continue to experience reduced term or perpetual license revenue as we increasingly focus on our SaaS business. 
 Our SaaS arrangements also contain service level agreement clauses, for matters such as failing to meet stipulated service levels, which represent new risks we are not accustomed to managing. Should these penalties be triggered, our results of operations may be adversely affected. Furthermore, we may assume greater responsibilities for implementation related services as we continue to focus on our SaaS business. As a result, we may face risks associated with new and complex implementations, the cost of which may differ from original estimates. The consequences in such circumstances could include: monetary credits for current or future service engagements, reduced fees for additional product sales, cancellations of planned purchases and a customer s refusal to pay their contractually-obligated SaaS or professional service fees. Any factor adversely affecting sales of our SaaS solutions, including application release cycles, delays or failures in new product functionality, market acceptance, product competition, performance and reliability, reputation, price competition and economic and market conditions, would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, the entry into new markets or the introduction of new features, functionality or applications beyond our current markets and functionality may not be successful. If we are unable to successfully grow our SaaS business and navigate our growth strategy in light of the foregoing uncertainties, our reputation could suffer and our results of operations would be harmed, which may cause our stock price to decline. 
 Failure to manage our expanding operations effectively could harm our business. 
 We have expanded our operations and expect to continue to do so, including the number of employees and the locations and scope of our operations. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic and related shelter in-place orders have resulted in our employees and contractors working from home, bringing new challenges to managing our business and work force, which we generally expect to continue for the foreseeable future. This expansion and changing work environment has placed, and will continue to place, a significant strain on our operational and financial resources and our personnel. We will also need to identify, add and retain additional qualified personnel across our operations. To manage our anticipated future operational expansion effectively, we must continue to maintain and expect to enhance our IT infrastructure, financial and accounting systems and controls and manage expanded operations and employees in geographically distributed locations. Our growth could require significant capital expenditures and may divert financial resources from other projects, such as the development of new solutions. If we increase the size of our organization without experiencing an increase in sales of our solutions, we will experience reductions in our gross and operating margins and net income. We may also deem it advisable in the near-term or later to downsize certain of our offices in order to reduce costs, which may cause us to incur related charges. If we are unable to effectively manage our expanding operations or manage the increase in remote employees, our expenses may increase more than expected, our revenue could decline or grow more slowly than expected and we may be unable to implement our business strategy. 
 If we are unable to develop or sell our solutions into new markets or to further penetrate existing markets, our revenue will not grow as expected. 
 Our ability to increase revenue will depend, in large part, on our ability to further penetrate our existing markets and to attract new customers, as well as our ability to transition our existing term and perpetual license customers to our SaaS solutions and to increase sales from existing customers who do not utilize the full Duck Creek Suite . The success of any enhancement or new solution or service depends on several factors, including the timely completion, introduction and market acceptance of enhanced or new solutions, adaptation to new industry standards 
 23 

and technological changes, the ability to maintain and to develop relationships with third parties and the ability to attract, retain and effectively train sales and marketing personnel. Any new solutions we develop or acquire may not be introduced in a timely or cost-effective manner and may not achieve the market acceptance necessary to generate significant revenue. Any new industry standards or practices that emerge, or any introduction by competitors of new solutions embodying new services or technologies, may cause our solutions to become obsolete. Any new markets in which we attempt to sell our solutions, including new countries or regions, may not be receptive or implementation may be delayed due to COVID-19. Additionally, any expansion into new markets will require commensurate ongoing expansion of our monitoring of local laws and regulations, which increases our costs as well as the risk of the solution not incorporating in a timely fashion or at all due to a failure of the solution to comply with such local laws or regulations. Our ability to further penetrate our existing markets depends on the quality of our solutions and our ability to design our solutions to meet changing consumer demands and industry standards, as well as our ability to assure that our customers will be satisfied with our existing and new solutions. If we are unable to sell our solutions into new markets or to further penetrate existing markets, or to increase sales from existing customers by selling them additional software and services, our revenue will not grow as expected, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Failure of any of our established solutions to satisfy customer demands or to maintain market acceptance would harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects. 
 We derive a significant majority of our revenue and cash flows from our established solutions, including Duck Creek Policy , Duck Creek Rating , Duck Creek Billing and Duck Creek Claims . We expect to continue to derive a substantial portion of our revenue from these sources. As such, continued market acceptance of these solutions is critical to our growth and success. Demand for our solutions is affected by a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control, including the successful implementation of our solutions, the timing of development and release of new solutions by us and our competitors, technological advances which reduce the appeal of our solutions, changes in regulations that our customers must comply with in the jurisdictions in which they operate and the growth or contraction in the worldwide market for technological solutions for the P&C insurance industry. If we are unable to continue to meet customer demands, to achieve and maintain a technological advantage over competitors, or to maintain market acceptance of our solutions, our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects would be adversely affected. 
 If the market for enterprise cloud computing, including SaaS solutions, develops slower than we expect or declines, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 While the market for cloud computing, including SaaS solutions, for the P&C insurance industry is growing, it is not as mature as the market for legacy on-premise applications. It is uncertain whether cloud computing, including SaaS solutions, will achieve and sustain high levels of customer demand and market acceptance, particularly in our industry. Our success substantially depends on the adoption of cloud computing and SaaS solutions in the P&C insurance industry, which may be affected by, among other things, the widespread acceptance of cloud computing and SaaS solutions in other industries and in general. Market acceptance of our SaaS solutions may be affected by a variety of factors, including but not limited to: price, security, reliability, performance, customer preference, public concerns regarding privacy and the enactment of restrictive laws or regulations. Many carriers have invested substantial personnel and financial resources to integrate traditional enterprise software into their businesses and therefore may be reluctant or unwilling to migrate to cloud computing. It is difficult to predict customer adoption rates and demand for our SaaS solutions, the future growth rate and size of the cloud computing market or the entry of other competitive applications. As our business practices in this area continue to develop and evolve over time, we may be required to revise the SaaS solutions we have developed, which may result in revised terms and conditions that impact how we recognize revenue and the costs and risks associated with these offerings. Whether our product development efforts or focus on SaaS solutions will prove successful and accomplish our business objectives is subject to numerous uncertainties and risks, including but not limited to, customer demand, our ability to further develop and scale infrastructure, our ability to include functionality and usability in such offerings that address customer requirements, tax and accounting implications and our costs. If we or other providers of cloud-based computing in general, and in the P&C insurance industry in particular, experience security incidents, loss of customer data, disruptions in delivery or other problems, the market for cloud computing applications as a whole, including our SaaS solutions, may be negatively affected. If cloud computing does not achieve widespread adoption or there is a reduction in demand for cloud computing caused by a lack of customer acceptance, technological challenges, weakening economic conditions, security or privacy concerns, competing technologies and solutions, reductions in corporate spending or otherwise, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 24 

We may not be able to obtain capital when desired on favorable terms, if at all, and we may not be able to obtain capital or complete acquisitions through the use of equity without dilution to our stockholders. 
 We may need additional financing to execute on our current or future business strategies, including to develop new or enhance existing solutions, acquire businesses and technologies or otherwise respond to competitive pressures. Our ability to raise capital in the future may be limited, and if we fail to raise capital when needed, we could be prevented from growing and executing our business strategy. 
 If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, the percentage ownership of our stockholders could be significantly diluted, and newly-issued securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing stockholders. If we accumulate additional funds through debt financing, a substantial portion of our operating cash flow may be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on such indebtedness, thus limiting funds available for our business activities. We cannot assure stockholders that additional financing will be available on terms favorable to us, or at all. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, when we desire them, our ability to fund our operations, take advantage of unanticipated opportunities, develop or enhance our solutions, invest in future growth opportunities or otherwise respond to competitive pressures would be significantly limited. Any of these factors could harm our results of operations. 
 Increases in professional services revenue as a percentage of total revenue or lower professional services margin percentages could adversely affect our overall gross margins and profitability. 
 Our professional services revenue was 38 , 44 , and 45 of total revenue for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Our professional services revenue produces lower gross margin percentages than our subscription revenue and license revenue. The gross margin percentages of our professional services revenue were 42 , 39 , and 44 for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The gross margin percentages for license revenue were 84 , 81 , and 86 for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The gross margin percentages for subscription revenue were 62 , 58 , 57 and for each of fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. We expect our professional services revenue to grow over time in absolute dollars due to customer growth and an increasing need for implementation services but decrease as a percentage of total revenue. Any increase in the percentage of total revenue represented by professional services revenue would reduce our overall gross margins and operating margins. Such a trend can be the result of several factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including increased customer demand for our professional service team s involvement in new solutions, the rates we charge for our professional services, our ability to bill our customers for all time incurred to complete a project, and the extent to which SI partners are willing and able to provide services directly to customers. Erosion in our professional services margin percentages would also adversely affect our gross and operating margin percentages. Professional services margin percentages may erode for a period of time as we work to grow our business and overall revenue for instance, professional services margin percentages may erode if we hire and train additional professional services personnel to support new solutions, if we require additional professional service personnel to support entry into new markets, or if we require additional personnel on unexpectedly difficult projects to ensure customer success, perhaps without commensurate compensation due to the terms of the arrangement. 
 Professional services margins may also decline if we are required to defer professional services revenue in connection with an engagement. This may happen for a number of reasons, including if there is a specific product deliverable associated with a broader professional services engagement. In these situations, we would defer only the direct costs associated with the engagement, although other indirect costs could be recognized. Deferring all revenue but only direct costs will reduce margins. Lower professional services margins could adversely affect our overall gross margins and profitability. 
 25 

Real or perceived errors or failures in our solutions or implementation services may affect our reputation, cause us to lose customers and reduce sales which may harm our business and results of operations and subject us to liability for breach of warranty claims. 
 Because we offer solutions that operate in complex environments, undetected errors or failures may exist or occur, especially when solutions are first introduced or when new versions are released, implemented or integrated into other systems. Our solutions are often installed and used in large-scale computing environments with different operating systems, system management software and equipment and networking configurations, which may cause errors or failures in our solutions or may expose undetected errors, failures or bugs in our solutions. Despite testing by us, we may not identify all errors, failures or bugs in new solutions or releases until after commencement of commercial sales or installation. In the past, we have discovered errors, failures and bugs in some of our solutions after their introduction. We may not be able to fix errors, failures and bugs without incurring significant costs or an adverse impact to our business. We believe that our reputation and name recognition are critical factors in our ability to compete and generate additional sales. Promotion and enhancement of our name will depend largely on our success in continuing to provide effective solutions and services. The occurrence of errors in our solutions or the detection of bugs by our customers may damage our reputation in the market and our relationships with our existing customers, and as a result, we may be unable to attract or retain customers. Any of these events may result in the loss of, or delay in, market acceptance of our solutions and services, which could seriously harm our sales, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The license and support of our software creates the risk of significant liability claims against us. Our SaaS arrangements and term and perpetual licenses with our customers contain provisions designed to limit our exposure to potential liability claims. It is possible, however, that the limitation of liability provisions contained in such agreements may not be enforced as a result of international, federal, state and local laws or ordinances or unfavorable judicial decisions. Breach of warranty or damage liability, or injunctive relief resulting from such claims, could harm our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our sales and implementation cycles are lengthy and variable, depend upon factors outside our control, and could cause us to expend significant time and resources prior to generating revenue. 
 The typical sales cycle for our solutions is lengthy and unpredictable, requires pre-purchase evaluation by a significant number of employees in our customers organizations, and often involves a significant operational decision by our customers. While sales cycles can vary and such differences can be material, the typical buying process for a customer purchasing core system software takes approximately twelve to fifteen months, and such cycles may be extended in the current economic climate. Our sales efforts involve educating our customers about the use and benefits of our solutions, including the technical capabilities of our solutions and the potential cost savings achievable by organizations using our solutions. Potential customers typically undertake a rigorous pre-purchase decision-making and evaluation process, and sales to new customers involve extensive customer due diligence and reference checks. We invest a substantial amount of time and resources on our sales efforts without any assurance that our efforts will produce sales. Even if we succeed at completing a sale, we may be unable to predict the size of an initial SaaS arrangement or term or perpetual license until very late in the sales cycle. In addition, we sometimes commit to include specific functions in our base product offering at the request of a customer or group of customers and are unable to recognize subscription or license revenue until the specific functions have been added to our solutions. Providing this additional functionality may be time consuming and may involve factors that are outside of our control. Customers may also insist that we commit to certain time frames in which systems built around our solutions will be operational, or that once implemented our solutions will be able to meet certain operational requirements. Our ability to meet such timeframes and requirements may involve factors that are outside of our control, and failure to meet such timeframes and requirements could result in us incurring penalties, costs and/or additional resource commitments, which would adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 Unexpected delays and difficulties can occur as customers implement and test our solutions. Implementing our solutions typically involves integration with our customers and third-party s systems, as well as adding customer and third-party data to our platform. This can be complex, time consuming and expensive for our customers and can result in delays in the implementation of our solutions. We also provide our customers with upfront estimates regarding the duration, resources and costs associated with the implementation of our solutions. Failure to meet these upfront estimates and the expectations of our customers for the implementation of our solutions could result in 
 26 

a loss of customers and negative publicity about us and our solutions and professional services. Such failure could result from deficiencies in our solution capabilities or inadequate professional service engagements performed by us, our SI partners or our customers employees, the latter two of which are beyond our direct control. Time-consuming implementations may also increase the amount of services personnel we must allocate to each customer, thereby increasing our costs and consequently the cost to our customers and adversely affecting our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Assertions by third parties of infringement or other violation by us of their intellectual property rights could result in significant costs and substantially harm our business and results of operations. 
 The software industry is characterized by the existence of a large number of patents and frequent claims and related litigation regarding patents and other intellectual property rights. In particular, leading companies in the software industry own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, which they may use to assert claims against us. From time to time, third parties holding such intellectual property rights, including leading companies, competitors, patent holding companies and/or non-practicing entities, may assert patent, copyright, trademark or other intellectual property claims against us, our customers and partners, and those from whom we license technology and intellectual property. 
 Although we believe that our solutions do not infringe upon the intellectual property rights of third parties, we cannot assure that third parties will not assert infringement or misappropriation claims against us with respect to current or future solutions, or that any such assertions will not require us to enter into royalty arrangements or result in costly litigation, or result in us being unable to use certain intellectual property. Infringement assertions from third parties may involve patent holding companies or other patent owners who have no relevant product revenue, and therefore our own issued and pending patents may provide little or no deterrence to these patent owners in bringing intellectual property rights claims against us. 
 If we are forced to defend against any infringement or misappropriation claims, whether they are with or without merit, are settled out of court, or are determined in our favor, we may be required to expend significant time and financial resources on the defense of such claims. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, such a claim could harm our brand and business. Furthermore, an adverse outcome of a dispute may require us to pay damages, potentially including treble damages and attorneys fees, if we are found to have willfully infringed a party s intellectual property cease making, licensing or using our solutions that are alleged to infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property of others expend additional development resources to redesign our solutions enter into potentially unfavorable royalty or license agreements in order to obtain the right to use necessary technologies or works and to indemnify our partners, customers and other third parties. Any of these events could seriously harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Failure to protect our intellectual property could substantially harm our business and results of operations. 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to enforce and defend our intellectual property rights. We rely upon a combination of trademark, trade secret, copyright, patent and unfair competition laws, as well as license agreements and other contractual provisions, to do so. 
 In the future we may file patent applications related to certain of our innovations. We do not know whether those patent applications will result in the issuance of a patent or whether the examination process will require us to narrow our claims. In addition, we may not receive competitive advantages from the rights granted under our patents and other intellectual property. Our existing patents and any patents granted to us or that we otherwise acquire in the future, may be contested, circumvented or invalidated, and we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing these patents. Therefore, the extent of the protection afforded by these patents cannot be predicted with certainty. In addition, given the costs, effort, risks and downside of obtaining patent protection, including the requirement to ultimately disclose the invention to the public, we may choose not to seek patent protection for certain innovations however, such patent protection could later prove to be important to our business. 
 We also rely on several registered and unregistered trademarks to protect our brand. Nevertheless, competitors may adopt service names similar to ours, or purchase our trademarks and confusingly similar terms as keywords in Internet search engine advertising programs, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly 
 27 

leading to confusion in the marketplace. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other registered trademarks or trademarks that incorporate variations of our trademarks. Any claims or customer confusion related to our trademarks could damage our reputation and brand and substantially harm our business and results of operations. 
 We attempt to protect our intellectual property, technology and confidential information by generally requiring our employees and consultants to enter into confidentiality and assignment of inventions agreements and third parties to enter into nondisclosure agreements, all of which offer only limited protection. These agreements may not effectively prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information, intellectual property or technology and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information, intellectual property or technology. Despite our efforts to protect our confidential information, intellectual property, and technology, unauthorized third parties may gain access to our confidential proprietary information, develop and market solutions similar to ours, or use trademarks similar to ours, any of which could materially harm our business and results of operations. In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets and confidential information, and in such cases, we could not assert any trade secret rights against such parties. Existing United States federal, state and international intellectual property laws offer only limited protection. The laws of some foreign countries do not protect our intellectual property rights to as great an extent as the laws of the United States, and many foreign countries do not enforce these laws as diligently as governmental agencies and private parties in the United States. Moreover, policing our intellectual property rights is difficult, costly and may not always be effective. 
 From time to time, legal action by us may be necessary to enforce our patents and other intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, to determine the validity and scope of the intellectual property rights of others or to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity. Even if we are successful in defending our claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could negatively affect our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. To the extent that we seek to enforce our rights, we could be subject to claims that an intellectual property right is invalid, otherwise not enforceable, or is licensed to the party against whom we are pursuing a claim. In addition, our assertion of intellectual property rights may result in the other party seeking to assert alleged intellectual property rights or assert other claims against us, which could harm our business. If we are not successful in defending such claims in litigation, we may not be able to sell or license a particular solution due to an injunction, or we may have to pay damages that could, in turn, harm our results of operations. In addition, governments may adopt regulations, or courts may render decisions, requiring compulsory licensing of intellectual property to others, or governments may require that products meet specified standards that serve to favor local companies. Our inability to enforce our intellectual property rights under these circumstances may harm our competitive position and our business. If we are unable to protect our technology and to adequately maintain and protect our intellectual property rights, we may find ourselves at a competitive disadvantage to others who need not incur the additional expense, time and effort required to create the innovative solutions that have enabled us to be successful to date. 
 If our solutions or third-party cloud providers experience data security breaches, and there is unauthorized access to our customers data, we may lose current or future customers and our reputation and business may be harmed. 
 If our security measures are breached or unauthorized access to customer data is otherwise obtained, our solutions may be perceived as not being secure, customers may reduce the use of or stop using our solutions, and we may incur significant liabilities. Our solutions involve the storage and transmission of data, in some cases to third-party cloud providers, which may include personal data, and security breaches, including at third-party cloud providers, could result in the loss of this information, which in turn could result in litigation, breach of contract claims, indemnity obligations, reputational damage and other liability for our company. Despite the measures that we have or may take, our infrastructure will be potentially vulnerable to physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses or similar problems, and in the case of third-party cloud providers, may be outside of our control. If a person circumvents our security measures, that person could misappropriate proprietary information or disrupt or damage our operations. Security breaches that result in access to confidential information could damage our reputation and subject us to a risk of loss or liability. We may be required to make significant expenditures to protect against or remediate security breaches. Additionally, if we are unable to adequately address our customers concerns about security, we will have difficulty selling our solutions and professional services. 
 28 

We rely on third-party technology and systems for a variety of services, including, without limitation, third-party cloud providers to host our websites and web-based services, encryption and authentication technology, employee email, content delivery to customers, back-office support and other functions, and our ability to control or prevent breaches of any of these systems may be beyond our control. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not identified until they are launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. Although we have developed systems and processes that are designed to protect customer information and prevent data loss and other security breaches, including systems and processes designed to reduce the impact of a security breach at a third-party vendor, such measures cannot provide absolute security. In addition, we may have to introduce such protective systems and processes to acquired companies, who may not correctly implement them at first or at all. Any or all of these issues could negatively impact our ability to attract new customers or to increase engagement by existing customers, could cause existing customers to elect not to renew their SaaS arrangements or term licenses, or could subject us to third-party lawsuits, regulatory fines or other action or liability, thereby adversely affecting our results of operations. 
 We may be obligated to disclose our proprietary source code to our customers, which may limit our ability to protect our intellectual property and could reduce the renewals of our maintenance and support services. 
 Our SaaS arrangements and license agreements sometimes contain provisions permitting the customer to become a party to, or a beneficiary of, a source code escrow agreement under which we place the proprietary source code for our applicable solutions in escrow with a third-party. Under these escrow agreements, the source code to the applicable product may be released to the customer, typically for its use to maintain, modify and enhance the product, upon the occurrence of specified events, such as our filing for bankruptcy or the discontinuance of our ability to perform our obligations, or if we otherwise breach certain of our representations, warranties or covenants under our agreements with our customers. 
 Disclosing the content of our source code may limit the intellectual property protection we can obtain or maintain for that source code or the solutions containing that source code and may facilitate intellectual property infringement claims against us. It also could permit a customer to which a solution s source code is disclosed to support and maintain that solution without being required to purchase our support or maintenance services. Each of these would harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We and our customers rely on technology and intellectual property of third parties, the loss of which could limit the functionality of our solutions and disrupt our business. 
 We use technology and intellectual property licensed from unaffiliated third parties in certain of our solutions, and we may license additional third-party technology and intellectual property in the future. Any errors or defects in this third-party technology and intellectual property could result in errors that could harm our brand and business. In addition, licensed technology and intellectual property may not continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. The loss of the right to license and distribute this third-party technology could limit the functionality of our solutions and might require us to redesign our solutions. 
 We expect to continue to expand through acquisitions or partnerships with other companies, which may divert our management s attention and result in unexpected operating and technology integration difficulties, increased costs and dilution to our stockholders. 
 We expect to continue to grow, in part, by making targeted acquisitions. Our business strategy includes the potential acquisition of shares or assets of companies with software, technologies or businesses complementary to ours, both domestically and globally. Our strategy also includes alliances with such companies. We have consummated several acquisitions over the past four years that were initially dilutive to earnings. Acquisitions and alliances may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures and may not result in the benefits anticipated by such corporate activity. 
 29 

In particular, we may fail to assimilate or integrate the businesses, technologies, services, products, personnel or operations of the acquired companies, retain key personnel necessary to favorably execute the combined companies business plan, or retain existing customers or sell acquired products to new customers. Additionally, the assumptions we use to evaluate acquisition opportunities may not prove to be accurate, and intended benefits may not be realized. Our due diligence investigations may fail to identify all of the problems, liabilities or other challenges associated with an acquired business which could result in increased risk of unanticipated or unknown issues or liabilities, including with respect to environmental, competition and other regulatory matters, and our mitigation strategies for such risks that are identified may not be effective. As a result, we may not achieve some or any of the benefits, including anticipated synergies or accretion to earnings, that we expect to achieve in connection with our acquisitions, or we may not accurately anticipate the fixed and other costs associated with such acquisitions, or the business may not achieve the performance we anticipated, which may materially adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, as well as our stock price. Further, if we fail to achieve the expected synergies from our acquisitions and alliances, we may experience impairment charges with respect to goodwill, intangible assets or other items, particularly if business performance declines or expected growth is not realized. Any future impairment of our goodwill or other intangible assets could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Acquisitions and alliances may also disrupt our ongoing business, divert our resources and require significant management attention that would otherwise be available for ongoing development of our current business. In addition, we may be required to make additional capital investments or undertake remediation efforts to ensure the success of our acquisitions, which may reduce the benefits of such acquisitions. We also may be required to use a substantial amount of our cash or issue debt or equity securities to complete an acquisition or realize the potential of an alliance, which could deplete our cash reserves and/or dilute our existing stockholders. Following an acquisition or the establishment of an alliance offering new solutions, we may be required to defer the recognition of revenue that we receive from the sale of solutions that we acquired or that result from the alliance, or from the sale of a bundle of solutions that includes such new solutions. In addition, our ability to maintain favorable pricing of new solutions may be challenging if we bundle such solutions with sales of existing solutions. A delay in the recognition of revenue from sales of acquired or alliance solutions, or reduced pricing due to bundled sales, may cause fluctuations in our quarterly financial results, may adversely affect our operating margins and may reduce the benefits of such acquisitions or alliances. 
 Additionally, competition within the software industry for acquisitions of businesses, technologies and assets has been, and is expected to continue to be, intense. As such, even if we are able to identify an acquisition that we would like to pursue, the target may be acquired by another strategic buyer or financial buyer such as a private equity firm, or we may otherwise not be able to complete the acquisition on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. Moreover, in addition to our failure to realize the anticipated benefits of any acquisition, including our revenue or return on investment assumptions, we may be exposed to unknown liabilities or impairment charges as a result of acquisitions we do complete. 
 We face intense competition in our market, which could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition and cause our market share to decline. 
 The market for our solutions and services is intensely competitive. The competitors we face in any sale may change depending on, among other things, the line of business purchasing the solution, the solution being sold, the geography in which we are operating and the size of the carrier to which we are selling. For example, we are more likely to face competition from small independent firms when addressing the needs of small insurers. These competitors may compete on the basis of price, the time and cost required for software implementation, custom development, or unique product features or functions. Outside of the United States, we are more likely to compete against vendors that may differentiate themselves based on local advantages in language, market knowledge and pre-built content applicable to that jurisdiction. We also compete with vendors of horizontal software products that may be customized to address needs of the P&C insurance industry. 
 Additionally, many of our prospective customers operate firmly entrenched legacy systems, some of which have been in operation for decades. Our implementation cycles are lengthy, variable and require the investment of significant time and expense by our customers. These expenses and associated operating risks attendant on any significant process of re-engineering and technology implementation exercise, may cause customers to prefer 
 30 

maintaining legacy systems. Also, maintaining legacy systems may be so time consuming and costly for our customers that they do not have adequate resources to devote to the purchase and implementation of our solutions. We also compete against technology consulting firms that either helped create such legacy systems or may own, in full or in part, subsidiaries that develop software and systems for the P&C insurance industry. As we expand our portfolio of solutions, we may begin to compete with software and service providers we have not competed against previously. Such potential competitors offer data and analytics tools that may, in time, become more competitive with our offerings. In addition, instead of purchasing P&C software products from a third party, including one of our direct competitors, our customers may decide to internally develop their own systems. 
 We expect the intensity of competition to remain high in the future. In addition to existing competitors, we believe investment in emerging Insurtech companies, which seek to innovate and disrupt the insurance industry, is growing rapidly and could produce new competitive threats. Continuing intense competition could result in increased pricing pressure, increased sales and marketing expenses, and greater investments in research and development, each of which could negatively impact our profitability. In addition, the failure to increase, or the loss of market share, would harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or future prospects. Some of our current and potential competitors may have longer operating histories and greater financial, technical, sales, marketing and other resources than we do, as well as larger installed customer bases. As a result, such competitors may be able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their solutions than we can devote to ours, which could allow them to respond more quickly than we can to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer needs, thus leading to their wider market acceptance. To the extent any competitor has existing relationships with potential customers for other applications, those customers may be unwilling to purchase our solutions because such existing relationships create customer stickiness. For instance, if a potential customer uses one product from a competitor that powers a critical element of the customer s day-to-day operations, they may be more likely to turn to such competitor in the future to the extent they require further product solutions, rather than purchasing one or more solutions from our suite. We may not be able to compete effectively and competitive pressures may prevent us from acquiring and maintaining the customer base necessary for us to increase our revenue and profitability. 
 In addition, our industry is evolving rapidly, and we anticipate the market for solutions will become increasingly competitive. If our current and potential customers move a greater proportion of their data and computational needs to the cloud, new competitors may emerge that offer services either comparable or better suited than ours to address the demand for such solutions, which could reduce demand for our offerings. To compete effectively we will likely be required to increase our investment in our product development and technology, as well as the personnel and third-party services required to improve reliability and lower the cost of delivery of our SaaS solutions. This may increase our costs more than we anticipate and may adversely impact our results of operations. 
 Our current and potential competitors may also establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties to further enhance their resources and offerings. Current or potential competitors may be acquired by other vendors or third parties with greater available resources. As a result of such acquisitions, our current or potential competitors might be more able than we are to adapt quickly to new technologies and customer needs, to devote greater resources to the promotion or sale of their products and services, to initiate or withstand substantial price competition, or to take advantage of emerging opportunities by developing and expanding their product and service offerings more quickly than we can. Additionally, they may hold larger portfolios of patents and other intellectual property rights as a result of such relationships or acquisitions. If we are unable to compete effectively with these evolving competitors for market share, our business, results of operations and financial condition would be materially and adversely affected. 
 Our estimates of certain operational metrics, as well as of total addressable market and market growth, are subject to inherent challenges in measurement. 
 We make certain estimates with regard to certain operational metrics which we track using internal systems that are not independently verified by any third party. While the metrics presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on what we believe to be reasonable assumptions and estimates, our internal systems have a number of limitations, and our methodologies for tracking these metrics may change over time. 
 31 

Additionally, total addressable market and growth estimates are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates that may not prove to be accurate. Our estimates relating to size and expected growth of our market may prove to be inaccurate. Even if the market in which we compete meets our size and growth estimates, our business could fail to grow at similar rates. If investors do not perceive our estimates of total addressable market and market growth or our operational metrics to be accurate, or if we discover material inaccuracies with respect to these figures, our reputation may be significantly harmed, and our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 We may not receive significant revenue from our current research and development efforts for several months or years, if at all. 
 Developing software is expensive, and the investment in product development may involve a long payback cycle. Our research and development expenses were 48.5 million, or 19 of our total revenue in fiscal 2021, 44.1 million, or 21 of our total revenue in fiscal 2020, and 35.9 million, or 21 of our total revenue in fiscal 2019. Costs incurred in the preliminary design and development stages of our projects are generally expensed as incurred. Once a project has reached the application development stage, certain internal, external, direct and indirect costs may be subject to capitalization. Generally, costs are capitalized until the technology is available for its intended use. Subsequent costs incurred for the development of future upgrades and enhancements, which are expected to result in additional functionality, follow the same protocol for capitalization. Our future plans include significant investments to develop, improve and expand the functionality of our solutions. We believe that we must continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to our research and development efforts to maintain our competitive position. However, we may not recognize significant revenue from these investments for several months or years, if at all. 
 If we are unable to develop, introduce and market new and enhanced versions of our solutions, we may be put at a competitive disadvantage and our operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Our ability to attract new customers and increase revenue from our existing customers depends, in part, on our continued ability to enhance the functionality of our existing solutions by developing, introducing and marketing new and enhanced versions of our solutions that address the evolving needs of our customers and changing industry standards. Because some of our solutions are complex and require rigorous testing, development cycles can be lengthy and can require months or even years of development, depending upon the solution and other factors. As we expand internationally, our products and services must be modified and adapted to comply with regulations and other requirements of the countries in which our customers do business. 
 Additionally, market conditions, including heightened pressure on carriers from end-users relating to mobile computing devices and speed of delivery, may dictate that we change the technology platform underlying our existing solutions or that new solutions be developed on different technology platforms, potentially adding material time and expense to our development cycles. The nature of these development cycles may cause us to experience delays between the time we incur expenses associated with research and development and the time we generate revenue, if any, from such expenses. 
 If we fail to develop new solutions or enhancements to our existing solutions, our business could be adversely affected, especially if our competitors are able to introduce solutions with enhanced functionality. It is critical to our success for us to anticipate changes in technology, industry standards and customer requirements and to successfully introduce new, enhanced and competitive solutions to meet our customers and prospective customers needs on a timely basis. We have invested and intend to continue to make significant investments in research and development to meet these challenges. Our estimates of research and development expenses may be too low, revenue may not be sufficient to support the future product development that is required for us to remain competitive and development cycles may be longer than anticipated. Further, there is no assurance that research and development expenditures will lead to successful solutions or enhancements to our existing solutions. If we fail to develop solutions in a timely manner that are competitive in technology and price or develop solutions that fail to meet customer demands, our market share will decline and our business and results of operations would be harmed. 
 32 

Our international sales and operations subject us to additional risks that can adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We sell our solutions and professional services to customers located outside the United States, and we are continuing to expand our international operations as part of our growth strategy. In fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, 8 , 5 , and 5 of our revenue, respectively, was derived from outside of the United States. Revenue by geography is determined based on the country in which a customer contract is executed. Some of our contracts allow for usage of our solutions in multiple countries. Our current international operations and our plans to expand our international operations subject us to a variety of risks, including: 

increased management, travel, infrastructure and legal compliance costs associated with having multiple international operations 

unique terms and conditions in contract negotiations imposed by customers in foreign countries 

longer payment cycles and difficulties in enforcing contracts and collecting accounts receivable 

the need to localize our licensing and SaaS solutions for international customers 

lack of familiarity with and unexpected changes in foreign regulatory requirements 

increased exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates 

highly inflationary international economies 

the burdens and costs of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws and legal standards, including the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR in the European Union 

compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, the U.K. Bribery Act and other anti-corruption regulations, particularly in emerging market countries 

compliance by international staff with accounting practices generally accepted in the United States, including adherence to our accounting policies and internal controls 

import and export license requirements, tariffs, trade agreements, taxes and other trade barriers 

increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities 

weaker protection of intellectual property rights in some countries 

multiple and possibly overlapping tax regimes 

the application of the respective local laws and regulations to our business in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate 

government sanctions that may interfere with our ability to sell into particular countries 

disruption to our operations caused by epidemics or pandemics, such as COVID-19 and 

political, social and economic instability abroad, terrorist attacks and security concerns in general. 

 As we continue to expand our business globally, our success will depend, in large part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other risks associated with our international operations. Any of these risks could harm our international operations and reduce our international sales, adversely affecting our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects. 
 Our business may be materially adversely impacted by U.S. and global market and economic conditions adverse to the insurance industry. 
 We expect to continue to derive most of our revenue from solutions and additional services we provide to the P&C insurance industry. Given the concentration of our business activities in this industry, we will be particularly exposed to certain economic downturns affecting the insurance industry, in particular the P&C insurance industry. U.S. and global market and economic conditions have been, and continue to be, disrupted and volatile. General business and economic conditions that could affect us and our customers include fluctuations in economic growth, debt and equity capital markets, liquidity of the global financial markets, the availability and cost of credit, investor and consumer confidence, and the strength of the economies in which our customers operate. A poor economic environment could result in significant decreases in demand for our solutions and professional services, including 
 33 

the delay or cancellation of current or anticipated projects, or could present difficulties in collecting accounts receivables from our customers due to their deteriorating financial condition. Our existing customers may be acquired by or merged into other entities that use our competitors products, or they may decide to terminate their relationships with us for other reasons. As a result, our sales could decline if an existing customer is merged with or acquired by another company that has a poor economic outlook, or is closed. 
 Our customers may defer or forego purchases of our solutions or professional services in the event of weakened global economic conditions and political instability. 
 General worldwide economic conditions remain unstable, making it difficult for our customers and us to forecast and plan future business activities accurately. Prolonged economic uncertainties or downturns could harm our business operations or financial results. For example, the decision by referendum to withdraw the United Kingdom from the European Union Brexit in June 2016 caused significant volatility in global stock markets and fluctuations in currency exchange rates. The United Kingdom s formal notification to the European Counsel required under Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union was made on March 29, 2017, triggering a two year negotiation period, subject to extension. The political and economic instability created by Brexit has caused and may continue to cause significant volatility in global financial markets and uncertainty regarding the regulation of data protection in the United Kingdom. 
 Brexit or other global events, such as the imposition of various trade tariffs, the COVID-19 pandemic and elections, may continue to create global economic, political and regulatory uncertainty not only in the United Kingdom, but in other regions in which we have significant operations. These conditions could cause our customers to reevaluate their decision to purchase our solutions and professional services, which could delay and lengthen our sales cycles or result in cancellations of planned purchases. Furthermore, during challenging economic times our customers may face issues in gaining timely access to sufficient credit, which could result in an impairment of their ability to make timely payments to us. If that were to occur, we may not receive amounts owed to us and may be required to record an allowance for doubtful accounts, which would adversely affect our financial results. A substantial downturn in the P&C insurance industry may cause firms to react to worsening conditions by reducing their capital expenditures, reducing their spending on IT, delaying or canceling IT projects, or seek to lower their costs by renegotiating vendor contracts. Negative or worsening conditions in the general economy both in the United States and abroad, including conditions resulting from financial and credit market fluctuations, could cause a decrease in corporate spending on enterprise software in general, and in the insurance industry specifically, and negatively affect the rate of growth of our business. 
 In addition, the U.S. Congress could introduce legislation that would result in the increased regulation of the financial and insurance industries, which could reduce the need for our solutions and professional services. An expansion in government s role in the U.S. P&C insurance industry may lower the future revenue for the solutions we are developing and adversely affect our future business, possibly materially. We cannot predict what insurance initiatives, if any, will be implemented at the federal or state level, or the effect any future legislation or regulation will have on us. Any of these events could seriously harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Factors outside of our control including but not limited to natural catastrophes and terrorism may adversely impact the P&C insurance industry, preventing us from expanding or maintaining our existing customer base and increasing our revenue. 
 Our customers are carriers who have experienced, and will likely experience in the future, losses from catastrophes or terrorism that may adversely impact their businesses. Catastrophes can be caused by various events, including, without limitation, hurricanes, tsunamis, floods, windstorms, earthquakes, hail, tornadoes, explosions, severe weather, epidemics, pandemics and fires. Global warming trends are contributing to an increase in erratic weather patterns globally and intensifying the impact of certain types of catastrophes. Moreover, acts of terrorism or war could cause disruptions to our business or our customers businesses or the economy as a whole. 
 The risks associated with natural catastrophes and terrorism are inherently unpredictable, and it is difficult to forecast the timing of such events or estimate the amount of losses they will generate. In recent years, for example, parts of the United States suffered extensive damage due to multiple hurricanes and fires. The combined effect of those losses on carriers was significant. Such losses and losses due to future events may adversely impact our current or potential customers, which may prevent us from maintaining or expanding our customer base and 
 34 

increasing our revenue as such events may cause customers to postpone purchases of new offerings and professional service engagements or to discontinue existing projects. Any of these events could materially harm our business, results of operation and financial condition. 
 If we are unable to continue the successful development of our direct sales team and the expansion of our relationships with our strategic partners, sales of our solutions, and consequently our professional services, will suffer and our growth would be slower than we project. 
 We believe that our future growth will depend on the continued recruiting, retention and training of our direct sales team and their ability to obtain new customers and to manage our existing customer base. Our ability to achieve significant growth in revenue in the future will depend, in part, on our success in recruiting, training and retaining a sufficient number of inside sales personnel and solution consultants. New hires require significant training and may, in some cases, take more than a year before becoming productive, if at all. Remote working due to COVID or variations thereof could further slow the onboarding of direct sales team members. If we are unable to hire and develop a sufficient number of productive members of our sales team, sales of our solutions will suffer. Additionally, a decline in sales of our solutions will directly impact our professional services revenue since a reduction in sales of our SaaS solutions and software license products will reduce the need for implementation services related to such products. Any of these events could impede our growth and materially harm our business, results of operation and financial condition. 
 We believe our future growth also will depend on the retention and expansion of our partnerships with third-party partners, including leading SIs and best-in-class technology companies, which help to increase the visibility of our products and engage with us in co-marketing efforts. The goal of our partnerships with leading SIs and other third-party partners, including our sales, solution and consulting providers and third-party solution partners is to allow us to grow our business by giving us scale to service our growing customer base. Our growth in revenue, particularly in international markets, will be influenced by the development and maintenance of partnerships which, in some cases, may require the establishment of effective relationships with regional SIs. Although we have established relationships with some of leading SIs, our solutions and professional services may compete directly against solutions and professional services that such leading SIs support or market. Additionally, we are unable to control or predict the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our SI partners. If we are not able to retain and expand our relationships with SIs and our other third party-partners, it will have an adverse effect on our business and our results of operations could fail to grow in line with our projections. 
 Our ability to sell our solutions is dependent on the quality of our professional services and technical support services and the support of our SIs, and the failure of us or our SIs to offer high-quality professional services or technical support services could damage our reputation and adversely affect our ability to sell our solutions and professional services to new customers and renew agreements with our existing customers. 
 Our revenue and profitability depend on the reliability and performance of our professional services. If our professional services are unavailable, or customers are dissatisfied with our performance, we could lose customers, our revenue and profitability would decrease and our business operations or financial position could be harmed. In addition, the software and workflow processes that underlie our ability to deliver our professional services have been developed primarily by our own employees and consultants. Malfunctions in the software we use or human error could result in our inability to provide professional services or cause unforeseen technical problems. If we incur significant financial commitments to our customers in connection with our failure to meet professional service level commitment obligations, we may incur significant liability and our liability insurance and revenue reserves may not be adequate. In addition, any loss of services, equipment damage or inability to meet our professional service level commitment obligations could reduce the confidence of our customers and could consequently impair our ability to obtain and retain customers, which would adversely affect both our ability to generate revenue and our operating results. 
 If we or our SIs do not effectively assist our customers in implementing our solutions, succeed in helping our customers quickly resolve post-implementation issues, and provide effective ongoing support, our ability to sell additional solutions and professional services to existing customers would be adversely affected and our reputation with potential customers could be damaged. Since we believe that the implementation experience is vital to retaining customers, our SIs and our ability to provide predictable delivery results and product expertise is critical to our 
 35 

ability to renew agreements with our existing customers. We are unable to control the quantity or quality of resources that our SIs commit to implementing our solutions, or the quality or timeliness of such implementation. If our SIs do not commit sufficient or qualified resources to these activities, our customers will be less satisfied, be less supportive with references, or may require the investment of our resources at discounted rates. 
 Once our solutions are implemented and integrated with our customers existing IT investments and data, our customers may depend on our technical support services and/or the support of SIs to resolve any issues relating to our solutions. High-quality support is critical for the continued successful marketing and sale of our solutions and renewal of contracts. In addition, as we continue to expand our operations internationally, our support organization will face additional challenges, including those associated with delivering support, training and documentation in languages other than English. Many enterprise customers require higher levels of support than smaller customers. If we fail to meet the requirements of our larger customers, it may be more difficult to sell additional solutions and professional services to these customers, a key group for the growth of our revenue and profitability. In addition, as we further expand our SaaS solutions, our professional services and support organization will face new challenges, including hiring, training and integrating a large number of new professional services personnel with experience in delivering high-quality support for our SaaS solutions. Alleviating any of these problems could require significant expenditures which could adversely affect our results of operations and growth prospects. Further, as we continue to rely on our SIs to provide implementation and on-going services, our ability to ensure a high level of quality in addressing customer issues will be diminished. Our failure to maintain high-quality implementation and support services, or to ensure that our SIs provide the same, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects. 
 If we fail to identify, attract and retain additional qualified personnel with experience in designing, developing and managing cloud-based software, as well as personnel who can successfully implement our solutions, we may be unable to grow our SaaS business as expected. 
 To execute our business strategy and continue to grow our SaaS business, we must identify, attract and retain highly qualified personnel. We compete with many other companies for a limited number of software developers with specialized experience in designing, developing and managing cloud-based software, as well as for skilled developers, engineers and information technology and operations professionals who can successfully implement and deliver our solutions. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources than we have. As we continue to focus on growing our SaaS business, we may experience difficulty in finding, hiring and retaining highly skilled employees with appropriate qualifications which may, among other things, impede our ability to grow our SaaS business. If we are not successful in finding, attracting and retaining the professionals we need, we may be unable to execute our business strategy, including by managing employees and contractors remotely, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects. 
 Any disruption of our Internet connections, including to any third-party cloud providers that host any of our websites or web-based services, could affect the success of our SaaS solutions. 
 Any system failure, including network, software or hardware failure, that causes an interruption in our network or a decrease in the responsiveness of our website and our SaaS solutions could result in reduced user traffic, reduced revenue and potential breaches of our SaaS arrangements. Continued growth in Internet usage could cause a decrease in the quality of Internet connection service. Websites have experienced service interruptions as a result of outages and other delays occurring throughout the worldwide Internet network infrastructure. In addition, there have been several incidents in which individuals have intentionally caused service disruptions of major e-commerce websites. If these outages, delays or service disruptions frequently occur in the future, usage of our web-based services could grow more slowly than anticipated or decline and we may lose revenue and customers. 
 If the third-party cloud providers that host any of our websites or web-based services were to experience a system failure, the performance of our websites and web-based services, including our SaaS solutions, would be harmed. Currently, we rely on one third-party cloud provider to host our websites and web-based services. As a result, it may take significant resources if we need to switch to another cloud provider for any reason. Any disruption of or interference with our use of this third-party cloud provider could impair our ability to deliver our solutions to our customers, resulting in customer dissatisfaction, damage to our reputation, loss of customers and harm to our operations and our business. In general, third-party cloud providers are vulnerable to damage from fire, floods, earthquakes, acts of terrorism, power loss, telecommunications failures, break-ins and similar events. The 
 36 

controls implemented by our current or future third-party cloud providers may not prevent or timely detect such system failures and we do not control the operation of third-party cloud providers that we use. Our current or future third-party cloud providers could decide to close their facilities without adequate notice. In addition, any financial difficulties, such as bankruptcy, faced by our current or future third-party cloud providers, or any of the service providers with whom we or they contract, may have negative effects on our business. If our current or future third-party cloud providers are unable to keep up with our growing needs for capacity or any spikes in customer demand, it could have an adverse effect on our business. Any changes in service levels by our current or future third-party cloud providers could result in loss or damage to our customers -stored information and any service interruptions at these third-party cloud providers could hurt our reputation, cause us to lose customers, harm our ability to attract new customers or subject us to potential liability. Our property and business interruption insurance coverage may not be adequate to fully compensate us for losses that may occur. Additionally, our systems are not fully redundant, and we have not yet implemented a complete disaster recovery plan or business continuity plan. Although the redundancies we do have in place will permit us to respond, at least to some degree, to service outages, our current or future third-party cloud providers that host our SaaS solutions are vulnerable in the event of failure. We do not yet have adequate structure or systems in place to recover from a third-party cloud provider s severe impairment or total destruction , and recovery from the total destruction or severe impairment of any of our third-party cloud providers could be difficult and may not be possible at all. 
 In addition, our users depend on Internet service providers, online service providers and other website operators for access to our website. These providers could experience outages, delays and other difficulties due to system failures unrelated to our systems. Any of these events could seriously harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Some of our services and technologies may use open source software, which may restrict how we use or distribute our services or require that we release the source code of certain solutions subject to those licenses. 
 Some of our services and technologies may incorporate software licensed under so-called open source licenses. In addition to risks related to license requirements, usage of open source software can lead to greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or controls on origin of the software. Additionally, some open source licenses require that source code subject to the license be made available to the public and that any modifications to or derivative works of open source software continue to be licensed under open source licenses. These open source licenses typically mandate that proprietary software, when combined in specific ways with open source software, become subject to the open source license. If we combine our proprietary solutions in such ways with certain open source software, we could be required to release the source code of our proprietary solutions. 
 We take steps to ensure that our proprietary solutions are not combined with, and do not incorporate, open source software in ways that would require our proprietary solutions to be subject to many of the restrictions in an open source license. However, few courts have interpreted open source licenses, and the manner in which these licenses may be interpreted and enforced is therefore subject to some uncertainty. Additionally, we rely on software programmers to design our proprietary technologies, and although we take steps to prevent our programmers from including objectionable open source software in the technologies and software code that they design, write and modify, we do not exercise complete control over the development efforts of our programmers and we cannot be certain that our programmers have not incorporated such open source software into our proprietary solutions and technologies or that they will not do so in the future. In the event that portions of our proprietary technology are determined to be subject to an open source license, we could be required to publicly release the affected portions of our source code, re-engineer all or a portion of our technologies, or otherwise be limited in the licensing of our technologies, each of which could reduce or eliminate the value of our services and technologies and materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. 
 Incorrect or improper use of our solutions or our failure to properly train customers on how to utilize our solutions could result in customer dissatisfaction and negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects. 
 Our solutions are complex and are used in a wide variety of network environments. The proper use of our solutions requires training of the customer. If our solutions are not used correctly or as intended, inadequate performance may result. Our solutions may also be intentionally misused or abused by customers or their employees or third parties who are able to access or use our solutions. Because our customers rely on our solutions, services 
 37 

and maintenance support to manage a wide range of operations, the incorrect or improper use of our solutions, our failure to properly train customers on how to efficiently and effectively use our solutions, or our failure to properly provide maintenance services to our customers may result in negative publicity or legal claims against us. Also, as we continue to expand our customer base, any failure by us to properly provide these services will likely result in lost opportunities for follow-on sales of our solutions. 
 In addition, if there is substantial turnover of customer personnel responsible for use of our solutions, or if customer personnel are not well trained in the use of our solutions, customers may defer the implementation of our solutions, may use them in a more limited manner than originally anticipated or may not use them at all. Further, if there is substantial turnover of the customer personnel responsible for use of our solutions, our ability to make additional sales may be substantially limited. 
 If we are unable to retain our personnel and hire and integrate additional skilled personnel, we may be unable to achieve our goals and our business will suffer. 
 Our future success depends upon our ability to continue to attract, train, integrate and retain highly skilled employees, particularly those on our management team, including Michael Jackowski, our Chief Executive Officer, and our sales and marketing personnel, SaaS operations personnel, professional services personnel and software engineers. Additionally, our stakeholders increasingly expect us to have a culture that embraces diversity and inclusion in the workplace. Our inability to attract and retain diverse and qualified personnel, or delays in hiring required personnel, including delays due to COVID-19, may seriously harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. If U.S. immigration policy related to skilled foreign workers were materially adjusted, such a change could hamper our efforts to hire highly skilled foreign employees, including highly specialized engineers, which would adversely impact our business. 
 Our executive officers and other key employees are generally employed on an at-will basis, which means that these personnel could terminate their relationship with us at any time. The loss of any member of our senior management team could significantly delay or prevent us from achieving our business and/or development objectives, and could materially harm our business. 
 We face competition for qualified individuals from numerous software and other technology companies. Further, significant amounts of time and resources are required to train technical, sales, services and other personnel. We may incur significant costs to attract, train and retain such personnel, and we may lose new employees to our competitors or other technology companies before we realize the benefit of our investment after recruiting and training them. 
 Also, to the extent that we hire personnel from competitors, we may be subject to allegations that such personnel have been improperly solicited or have divulged proprietary or other confidential information. In addition, we have a limited number of salespeople and the loss of several salespeople within a short period of time could have a negative impact on our sales efforts. We may be unable to attract and retain suitably qualified individuals who are capable of meeting our growing technical, operational and managerial requirements, or we may be required to pay increased compensation in order to do so. 
 Our ability to expand geographically depends, in large part, on our ability to attract, retain and integrate managers to lead the local business and employees with the appropriate skills. Similarly, our profitability depends on our ability to effectively utilize personnel with the right mix of skills and experience to perform services for our customers, including our ability to transition employees to new assignments on a timely basis. If we are unable to effectively deploy our employees globally on a timely basis to fulfill the needs of our customers, our reputation could suffer and our ability to attract new customers may be harmed. 
 Because of the technical nature of our solutions and the dynamic market in which we compete, any failure to attract, integrate and retain qualified sales, professional services and product development personnel, as well as our contract workers, could harm our ability to generate sales or successfully develop new solutions and professional services and enhancements of existing solutions. 
 38 

We may experience fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates that could adversely impact our results of operations. 
 Our international sales are generally denominated in foreign currencies, and this revenue could be materially affected by currency fluctuations. The volatility of exchange rates depends on many factors that we cannot forecast with reliable accuracy. Although we believe our operating activities act as a natural hedge for a substantial portion of our foreign currency exposure at the cash flow or operating income level because we typically collect revenue and incur costs in the currency of the location in which we provide our solutions and services, our contracts with our customers are long-term in nature so it is difficult to predict if our operating activities will provide a natural hedge in the future. In addition, as we enter into license agreements, which have historically been characterized by large annual payments, significant fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates that coincide with annual payments may affect our revenue or financial results in such quarter. Our results of operations may also be impacted by transaction gains or losses related to revaluing certain current asset and liability balances that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the entities in which they are recorded. Moreover, significant and unforeseen changes in foreign currency exchange rates may cause us to fail to achieve our stated projections for revenue and operating income, which could have an adverse effect on our stock price. We will continue to experience fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, which, if material, may harm our revenue or results of operations. 
 Privacy concerns could result in regulatory changes and impose additional costs and liabilities on us, limit our use of information and adversely affect our business. 
 As we increase our focus on our SaaS solutions, the amount of customer data we or our third-party cloud providers manage, hold and/or collect will increase significantly. In addition, a limited number of our solutions may collect, process, store, and use transaction-level data aggregated across insurers using our common data model. We anticipate that over time we will expand the use and collection of personal information as greater amounts of such personal information may be transferred from our customers to us and we recognize that personal privacy has become a significant issue in the United States, Europe, and many other jurisdictions where we operate. Many federal, state, and foreign legislatures and government agencies have imposed or are considering imposing restrictions and requirements about the collection, use and disclosure of personal information. 
 Changes to laws or regulations affecting privacy could impose additional costs and liabilities, including fines, on us and could limit our use of such information to add value for customers. If we were required to change our business activities or revise or eliminate services, or to implement burdensome compliance measures, our business and results of operations could be harmed. Additionally, in the case of data from our websites and web-based services that is stored with third-party cloud providers that we do not control, our third-party cloud providers may not adequately implement compliance measures concerning the privacy and/or security of any stored personal information. We may be subject to fines, penalties and potential litigation if we or our third-party cloud providers fail to comply with applicable privacy and/or data security laws, regulations, standards and other requirements. The costs of compliance with and other burdens imposed by privacy-related laws, regulations and standards may limit the use and adoption of our solutions and reduce overall demand. 
 Furthermore, concerns regarding data privacy and/or security may cause our end-users to resist providing the data and information necessary to allow our customers to use our solutions effectively. Even the perception that the privacy and/or security of personal information is not satisfactorily managed, or does not meet applicable legal, regulatory and other requirements, could inhibit sales of our solutions, and could limit adoption of our solutions, resulting in a negative impact on our sales and results from operations. 
 Failure to comply with the GDPR or other data privacy regimes could subject us to fines and reputational harm. 
 Global privacy legislation, enforcement and policy activity are rapidly expanding and creating a complex data privacy compliance environment and the potential for high profile negative publicity in the event of any data breach. We are subject to many privacy and data protection laws and regulations in the United States and around the world, some of which place restrictions on our ability to process personal data across our business. For example, the GDPR is a comprehensive update to the data protection regime in the European Economic Area that became effective on May 25, 2018. The GDPR imposes new requirements relating to, among other things, consent to process personal data of individuals, the information provided to individuals regarding the processing of their personal data, the security and confidentiality of personal data, and notifications in the event of data breaches and use of third-party 
 39 

processors. The GDPR imposes substantial fines for breaches of data protection requirements, which can be up to four percent of the worldwide revenue or 20 million Euros, whichever is greater. While we will continue to undertake efforts to conform to current regulatory obligations and evolving best practices, we may be unsuccessful in conforming to means of transferring personal data from the European Economic Area. We may also experience hesitancy, reluctance, or refusal by European or multi-national customers to continue to use some of our services due to the potential risk exposure of personal data transfers and the current data protection obligations imposed on them by certain data protection authorities. Such customers may also view any alternative approaches to the transfer of any personal data as being too costly, too burdensome, or otherwise objectionable, and therefore may decide not to do business with us if the transfer of personal data is a necessary requirement. 
 In addition, the CCPA, which went into effect on January 1, 2020, limits how we may collect, use and process personal data of California residents. The CCPA establishes a new privacy framework for covered businesses such as ours by, among other things, creating an expanded definition of personal information, establishing new data privacy rights for California residents and creating a new and potentially severe statutory damages framework and private rights of action for violations of the CCPA and for businesses that fail to implement reasonable security procedures and practices to prevent data breaches. The uncertainty and changes in the requirements of multiple jurisdictions may increase the cost of compliance, restrict our ability to offer services in certain locations or subject us to sanctions by national, regional, state, local and international data protection regulators, all of which could harm our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Although we take reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable laws and regulations and have invested and continue to invest human and technology resources into data privacy compliance efforts, there can be no assurance that we will not be subject to regulatory action, including fines, in the event of an incident or other claim. We or our third-party service providers could be adversely affected if legislation or regulations are expanded to require changes in our or our third-party service providers business practices or if governing jurisdictions interpret or implement their legislation or regulations in ways that negatively affect our or our third-party service providers business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Though our term and perpetual licensing model does not significantly collect and transfer personal information from our customers to us, our increased focus on SaaS solutions and the current data protection landscape may subject us to greater risk of potential inquiries and/or enforcement actions. For example, we may find it necessary to establish alternative systems to maintain personal data originating from the European Union in the European Economic Area, which may involve substantial expense and may cause us to divert resources from other aspects of our business, all of which may adversely affect our results from operations. Further, any inability to adequately address privacy concerns in connection with our SaaS solutions, or comply with applicable privacy or data protection laws, regulations and policies, could result in additional cost and liability to us, and adversely affect our ability to offer SaaS solutions. 
 Anticipated further evolution of regulations on this topic may substantially increase the penalties to which we could be subject in the event of any non-compliance. We may incur substantial expense in complying with the new obligations to be imposed by new regulations and we may be required to make significant changes to our solutions and expanding business operations, all of which may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 If tax laws change or we experience adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income tax returns, it could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We are subject to federal, state and local income taxes in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions. Our future effective tax rates and the value of our deferred tax assets could be adversely affected by changes in tax laws, including impacts of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of Public Law No. 115-97 and the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act ), the consequences of which have not yet been fully determined. In addition, we are subject to the examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from such examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. Although we believe we have made appropriate provisions for taxes in the jurisdictions in which we operate, changes in the tax laws or challenges from tax authorities under existing tax laws could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 40 

Uncertainty in the marketplace regarding the use of Internet users personal information, or legislation limiting such use, could reduce demand for our services and result in increased expenses. 
 Concern among consumers and legislators regarding the use of personal information gathered from Internet users could create uncertainty in the marketplace. This could reduce demand for our services, increase the cost of doing business as a result of litigation costs or increased service delivery costs, or otherwise harm our business. Many state insurance codes limit the collection and use of personal information by insurance agencies, brokers and carriers or insurance service organizations. 
 Future government regulation of the Internet could place financial burdens on our businesses. 
 The future success of our business depends upon the continued use of the Internet as a primary medium for commerce, communication and business services. Because of the Internet s popularity and increasing use, federal, state or foreign government bodies or agencies have adopted, and may in the future adopt, new laws or regulations affecting the use of the Internet as a commercial medium. These laws and regulations may cover issues such as the collection and use of data from website visitors and related privacy issues pricing taxation telecommunications over the Internet content copyrights distribution and domain name piracy. The enactment of any additional laws or regulations of the Internet, including international laws and regulations, could impede the growth of subscription revenue and place additional financial burdens on our business. 
 Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure 
 Pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement, Apax and Accenture have significant influence through the voting power of the shares of our common stock eligible to vote in the election of our directors and on other matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, and Apax s and Accenture s interests may conflict with ours or yours in the future. 
 Pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement, dated as of August 14, 2020, among us, Apax and Accenture (the Stockholders Agreement we are required to take all necessary action to cause our board of directors to include individuals designated by Apax and Accenture with the number of directors so designated being subject to certain ownership thresholds. Apax and Accenture, individually, are required to vote all of their shares, and take all other necessary actions, to cause our board of directors to include the individuals designated as directors by Apax and Accenture (as applicable). For so long as Apax and Accenture continue to own a significant percentage of our common stock, Apax and Accenture, through their collective voting power and certain protective provisions, are able to significantly influence the composition of our board of directors and the approval of actions requiring stockholder approval. For example, each of Apax and Accenture have certain consent rights so long as such stockholder owns at least 5 of the outstanding equity securities of the Company that are not shares of our common stock awarded under the Company s 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan or other incentive equity plan. Accordingly, for such period of time, Apax and Accenture have significant influence with respect to our management, business plans, and policies, including the appointment and removal of our officers. In particular, Apax and Accenture are able to cause or prevent a change of control of us or a change in composition of our board of directors and could preclude any unsolicited acquisition of us. The concentration of voting power could deprive you of an opportunity to receive a premium for your shares of common stock as part of the sale of us and ultimately might affect the market price of our common stock. 
 If the ownership of our common stock continues to be highly concentrated, it may prevent you and other minority stockholders from influencing significant corporate decisions and may result in conflicts of interest. 
 Apax owns approximately 23.9 of our common stock and Accenture owns approximately 16.0 of our common stock. This concentration of ownership may delay, deter or prevent acts that would be favored by our other stockholders. The interests of Apax may not always coincide with our interests or the interests of our other stockholders. For example, Apax exercises significant influence over all matters requiring a stockholder vote, including: the election of directors mergers, consolidations and acquisitions the sale of all or substantially all of our assets and other decisions affecting our capital structure the amendment of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws and our winding up and dissolution. This concentration of ownership may also have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control of us. As a result, the market price of our common stock could decline or stockholders might not receive a premium over the then-current 
 41 

market price of our common stock upon a change in control. In addition, this concentration of share ownership may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock because investors may perceive disadvantages in owning shares in a company with significant stockholders. 
 Certain provisions of Delaware Law, the Stockholders Agreement, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws could hinder, delay or prevent a change in control of us, which could adversely affect the price of our common stock. 
 Certain provisions of Delaware Law, the Stockholders Agreement, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire us without the consent of our board of directors, Apax or Accenture. 
 As a Delaware corporation, we are subject to provisions of Delaware law, including Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended (the DGCL ), which prevents some stockholders holding more than 15 of our outstanding common stock from engaging in certain business combinations without approval of the holders of substantially all of our outstanding common stock. Furthermore, pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement, Apax and Accenture have significant influence through the voting power of the shares of our common stock eligible to vote in the election of our directors and on other matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. For so long as Apax and Accenture continue to own a significant percentage of our common stock, Apax and Accenture, through their collective voting power and certain protective provisions, are able to significantly influence the composition of our board of directors and the approval of actions requiring stockholder approval. 
 In addition, under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our board of directors has the authority to cause the issuance of preferred stock from time to time in one or more series and to establish the terms, preferences and rights of any such series of preferred stock, all without approval of our stockholders. Nothing in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation precludes future issuances without stockholder approval of the authorized but unissued shares of our common stock. Further, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides for a staggered board of directors and does not provide for cumulative voting in the election of our directors and our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws do not permit our stockholders to call special meetings. These factors could have the effect of making the replacement of incumbent directors more time consuming and difficult. 
 These provisions may make it difficult and expensive for a third party to pursue a tender offer, change in control or takeover attempt that is opposed by Apax, Accenture, our management or our board of directors. Public stockholders who might desire to participate in these types of transactions may not have an opportunity to do so, even if the transaction is favorable to stockholders. These anti-takeover provisions could substantially impede the ability of public stockholders to benefit from a change in control or change our management and board of directors and, as a result, may adversely affect the market price of our common stock and stockholders ability to realize any potential change of control premium. 
 Certain of our stockholders have the right to engage or invest in the same or similar businesses as us. 
 Apax and Accenture each engage in other investments and business activities in addition to their ownership of us. Under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, Apax and Accenture each have the right, and have no duty to abstain from exercising such right, to engage or invest in the same or similar businesses as us, do business with any of our customers or vendors, or employ or otherwise engage any of our officers, directors or employees. If Apax, Accenture or any of their respective officers, directors or employees acquire knowledge of a potential transaction that could be a corporate opportunity, they have no duty, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to offer such corporate opportunity to us, our stockholders or our affiliates. 
 In the event that any of our directors and officers who is also a director, officer or employee of Apax or Accenture acquires knowledge of a corporate opportunity or is offered a corporate opportunity, provided that this knowledge was not acquired solely in such person s capacity as our director or officer and such person acts in good faith to the fullest extent permitted by law, then even if Apax or Accenture pursues or acquires the corporate opportunity or if Apax or Accenture does not present the corporate opportunity to us, such person is deemed to have fully satisfied such person s fiduciary duties owed to us and is not liable to us. 
 42 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 The market price and trading volume of our common stock may be volatile, which could result in losses for our stockholders. 
 The market price of our common stock may be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations. In addition, the trading volume in our common stock may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur. If the market price of our common stock declines significantly, stockholders may be unable to resell their shares at or above their purchase price, if at all. The market price of our common stock may fluctuate or decline significantly in the future. Some of the factors that could negatively affect our share price or result in fluctuations in the price or trading volume of our common stock include: 

variations in our quarterly or annual operating results 

our ability to attract new customers, particularly larger customers, in both domestic and international markets and our ability to increase sales to and renew agreements with our existing customers, particularly larger customers, at comparable prices 

the timing of our customers buying decisions and reductions in our customers budgets for IT purchases and delays in their purchasing cycles, particularly in light of recent adverse global economic conditions 

changes in our earnings estimates (if provided) or differences between our actual financial and operating results and those expected by investors and analysts 

the contents of published research reports about us or our industry or the failure of securities analysts to cover our common stock 

additions to, or departures of, key management personnel 

any increased indebtedness we may incur in the future 

announcements and public filings by us or others and developments affecting us 

actions by institutional stockholders 

litigation and governmental investigations 

operating and stock performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to us (and changes in their market valuations) and overall performance of the equity markets 

speculation or reports by the press or investment community with respect to us or our industry in general 

increases in market interest rates that may lead purchasers of our shares to demand a higher yield 

announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, dispositions, strategic relationships, joint ventures or capital commitments 

announcements or actions taken by Apax as our significant stockholder 

sales of substantial amounts of our common stock by Apax or other significant stockholders or our insiders, or the expectation that such sales might occur 

volatility or economic downturns in the markets in which we, our customers and our SI partners are located caused by pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, and related policies and restrictions undertaken to contain the spread of such pandemics or potential pandemics and 

general market, political and economic conditions, in the insurance industry in particular, including any such conditions and local conditions in the markets in which any of our customers are located. 

 These broad market and industry factors may decrease the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. The stock market in general has from time to time experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations, including in recent months. In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against these companies. This litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources. 
 43 

Future offerings of debt or equity securities by us may materially adversely affect the market price of our common stock 
 In the future, we may attempt to obtain financing or to further increase our capital resources by issuing additional shares of our common stock or offering debt or other equity securities, including senior or subordinated notes, debt securities convertible into equity or shares of preferred stock. In addition, we may seek to expand operations in the future to other markets which we would expect to finance through a combination of additional issuances of equity, corporate indebtedness and/or cash from operations. 
 Issuing additional shares of our common stock or other equity securities or securities convertible into equity may dilute the economic and voting rights of our existing stockholders or reduce the market price of our common stock or both. Upon liquidation, holders of such debt securities and preferred shares, if issued, and lenders with respect to other borrowings would receive a distribution of our available assets prior to the holders of our common stock. Debt securities convertible into equity could be subject to adjustments in the conversion ratio pursuant to which certain events may increase the number of equity securities issuable upon conversion. Preferred shares, if issued, could have a preference with respect to liquidating distributions or a preference with respect to dividend payments that could limit our ability to pay dividends to the holders of our common stock. Our decision to issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, which may adversely affect the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings. Thus, holders of our common stock bear the risk that our future offerings may reduce the market price of our common stock and dilute their stockholdings in us. 
 We also have an aggregate of 151,186,768 shares of common stock authorized but unissued and not reserved for issuance under our incentive plans. We may issue all of the shares of common stock without any approval by our stockholders, subject to certain exceptions. Any common stock issued in connection with our incentive plans, the exercise of outstanding stock options or otherwise would dilute the percentage ownership held by stockholders. 
 The market price of our common stock could be negatively affected by sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public markets. 
 P ursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, Apax, Accenture and certain of our other pre-IPO investors and their respective affiliates and permitted third-party transferees have the right, in certain circumstances, to require us to register their shares of our common stock under the Securities Act for sale into the public markets. Upon the effectiveness of such a registration statement, all shares covered by the registration statement will be freely transferable. See Item 13. Certain relationships and related party transactions - Registration Rights Agreement. 
 The market price of our common stock may decline significantly when the restrictions on resale by our existing stockholders lapse. A decline in the price of our common stock might impede our ability to raise capital through the issuance of additional common stock or other equity securities. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business or publish negative reports, our stock price could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock is influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. If one of more of these analysts ceases coverage of our company or fails to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. Moreover, if one or more of the analysts who cover our company downgrades our common stock or if our reporting results do not meet their expectations, our stock price could decline. 
 We have not paid dividends in the past and do not anticipate paying any dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 
 We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock and have no plans to pay regular dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Any declaration and payment of future dividends to holders of our common stock will be at the sole discretion of our board of directors and will depend on many factors, including our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, level of indebtedness, statutory and contractual restrictions applying to the payment of dividends and other considerations that our board of directors deems relevant. Because we are a holding company and have no direct operations, we will only be able to pay dividends from our available cash on hand and 
 44 

any funds we receive from our subsidiaries. Certain of our debt agreements limit the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to pay dividends. In addition, Delaware law may impose requirements that may restrict our ability to pay dividends. Until such time that we pay a dividend, our investors must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investment. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for certain stockholder litigation matters, which could discourage stockholder lawsuits or limit our stockholders ability to bring a claim in any judicial forum that they find favorable for disputes with us or our officers and directors. 
 Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a duty (including any fiduciary duty) owed by any current or former director, officer, stockholder, employee or agent of the Company or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each case, subject to the Court of Chancery having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable party named as a defendant therein. If the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware does not have jurisdiction, the sole and exclusive forum for such action or proceeding shall be another state or federal court located in the State of Delaware. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws further provide that any person or entity purchasing, otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of our capital stock will be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum selection clause. The forum selection clause in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may have the effect of discouraging stockholder lawsuits or limiting our stockholders ability to bring a claim in any judicial forum that they find favorable for disputes with us or our officers and directors. 
 We are incurring increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management is being required to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives and corporate governance practices. We may fail to comply with the rules that apply to public companies, including Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which could result in sanctions or other penalties that would harm our business. 
 As a public company we incur significant legal, accounting, and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company, including costs resulting from public company reporting obligations under the Securities Act, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and regulations regarding corporate governance practices. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the rules of the SEC, the listing requirements of Nasdaq, and other applicable securities rules and regulations impose various requirements on public companies, including establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and corporate governance practices. We have continued to hire additional accounting, finance, and other personnel in connection with efforts to comply with the requirements of being a public company, and our management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time towards maintaining compliance with these requirements. These requirements have increased our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. In addition, these rules and regulations are often subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. Any changes we make to comply with these obligations may not be sufficient to allow us to satisfy our obligations as a public company on a timely basis, or at all. These reporting requirements, rules and regulations, coupled with the increase in potential litigation exposure associated with being a public company, could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors or board committees or to serve as executive officers, or to obtain certain types of insurance, including directors and officers insurance, on acceptable terms. 
 Pursuant to Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section 404, we are required to furnish a report by our management on our internal control over financial reporting beginning with this filing of an Annual Report on Form 10-K. In order to 
 45 

maintain effective internal controls, we have allocated additional financial personnel and systems and continue to dedicate internal resources, potentially engage outside consultants, adopt a detailed work plan to assess and document the adequacy of internal control over financial reporting, continue steps to improve control processes as appropriate, validate through testing that controls are functioning as documented, and implement a continuous reporting and improvement process for internal control over financial reporting. Despite our efforts, there is a risk that we will not be able to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective as required by Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section 404. If we identify one or more material weaknesses, it could result in an adverse reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of confidence in the reliability of our financial statements. 
 To date, we have not conducted a review of our internal controls for the purpose of providing the reports required by these rules. During the course of our review and testing, we have in the past and may in the future, identify deficiencies and be unable to remediate them before we must provide the required reports. Furthermore, if we have a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, we may not detect errors on a timely basis and our financial statements may be materially misstated. We or our independent registered public accounting firm may not be able to conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting, which could harm our operating results, cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and cause the trading price of our stock to fall. In addition, as a public company we will be required to file accurate and timely quarterly and annual reports with the SEC under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. Any failure to report our financial results on an accurate and timely basis could result in sanctions, lawsuits, delisting of our shares from Nasdaq or other adverse consequences that would materially harm our business and reputation. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 Our principal executive offices are located in 30,000 square feet of leased office space at 22 Boston Wharf Road, Boston, MA, pursuant to a lease that expires in 2028. We lease additional offices in Bolivar, Missouri Rosemont, Illinois Mumbai, India as well as other regional offices outside the United States pursuant to leases that expire between 2021 and 2029. We do not own any real property. We believe that our current facilities are adequate for our present needs and suitable additional facilities will be available as needed on commercially reasonable terms. 
 46 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 In the ordinary course of conducting our business, we have in the past and may in the future become involved in various legal actions and other claims. We may also become involved in other judicial, regulatory and arbitration proceedings concerning matters arising in connection with the conduct of our businesses. Some of these matters may involve claims of substantial amounts. These legal proceedings may be subject to many uncertainties and there can be no assurance of the outcome of any individual proceedings. We do not presently anticipate any material legal proceedings that, if determined adversely to us, would have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 47 

PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol DCT on August 14, 2020. Prior to that date, there was no public trading market for our common stock. 
 
 On August 31, 2021, the last reported sale price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market was 46.63 per share. As of August 31, 2021, we had 142 holders of record of our common stock. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of record holders, and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. This number of holders of record also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock and have no plans to pay regular dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Any declaration and payment of future dividends to holders of our common stock will be at the sole discretion of our board of directors and will depend on many factors, including our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, level of indebtedness, statutory and contractual restrictions applying to the payment of dividends and other considerations that our board of directors deems relevant. Because we are a holding company and have no direct operations, we will only be able to pay dividends from our available cash on hand and any funds we receive from our subsidiaries. Certain of our debt agreements limit the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to pay dividends. In addition, Delaware law may impose requirements that may restrict our ability to pay dividends. 
 Performance Graph 
 This performance graph shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 48 

The following graph shows a comparison of the cumulative total return for our common stock, the N asdaq Composite-Total Return Index and S&P Software & Services Select Industry Index for the period from August 14, 2020 through August 31, 202 1 . Such returns are based on historical results and are not intended to suggest future performance. Data for the N asdaq Composite Total Return Index and S&P Software & Services Select Industry Index assume reinvestment of dividends. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 In November 2019, in connection with its formation, the Company sold 1 share of common stock to Disco (Cayman) Acquisition Co. for nominal consideration. The shares of common stock described above were issued in reliance on the exemption contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act on the basis that the transactions did not involve a public offering. No underwriters were involved in the sale. 
 In connection with the Reorganization Transactions (as defined below), the Company issued 117,851,830 shares of common stock in consideration for equity interests of Disco Topco Holdings (Cayman), L.P . the Operating Partnership ), Such shares of common stock were issued in reliance on the exemption contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act on the basis that the transactions did not involve a public offering. No underwriters were included in such issuances. 
 
 Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities 
 
 49 

On August 13, 2020, our registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-240050), relating to the IPO of common stock, became effective. The IPO closed on August 18, 2020 at which time we issued 17,250,000 shares of common stock at a public offering price of 27.00 per share. We received net proceeds from the IPO of approximately 429.2 million, after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions of 29.1 million and estimated offering related expenses of 7.4 million. 
 
 There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from the IPO from that described in the prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) under the Securities Act on August 18, 2020. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The table below sets forth information regarding our purchases of our common stock made during the year ended August 31, 2021. 

Total Number of 
 Shares Purchased 

Average Price 
 Paid per Share 

Total Number of 
 Shares Purchased as 
 Part of Publicly 
 Announced Plans or 
 Programs 

Maximum Number (or 
 Approximate Dollar Value) 
 of Shares that May Yet 
 Be Purchased Under the 
 Plans or Programs 

August 31, 2020 - August 31, 2021 

69,506 

44.26 

Total 

69,506 

44.26 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 
 The following table presents our selected consolidated financial data for the periods and as of the dates indicated. 
 The selected consolidated statement of operations for the years ended August 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 and the selected consolidated balance sheet data as of August 31, 2021 and 2020 have been derived from our audited financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our historical results for any prior period are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected in any future period. You should read the selected financial data presented below in conjunction with the information included under the heading Item 7 - 
 50 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K . 

Year Ended August 31, 

in thousands) 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Consolidated Statements of Operations Data 

Total revenue 

260,350 

211,672 

171,273 

Total cost of revenue 

110,086 

97,175 

72,178 

Total operating expenses 

165,630 

143,152 

113,246 

Loss from operations 

(15,366 

(28,655 

(14,151 

Other income (expense), net 

431 

641 

(565 

Interest expense, net 

(100 

(356 

(1,030 

Loss before income taxes 

(15,035 

(28,370 

(15,746 

Provision for income taxes 

1,896 

1,562 

1,150 

Net loss 

(16,931 

(29,932 

(16,896 

Consolidated Balance Sheets Data (at period end) 

Cash and cash equivalents 

185,657 

389,878 

11,999 

Total current assets 

451,071 

449,334 

58,514 

Total assets 

844,133 

861,100 

467,277 

Total current liabilities 

87,656 

97,713 

59,890 

Total liabilities 

113,395 

127,343 

78,211 

Total stockholder's equity/redeemable partners interest 

730,738 

733,757 

389,066 

51 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from the forward-looking statements included herein. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those discussed in the section entitled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Overview 
 We are the leading SaaS provider of core systems for the P&C insurance industry. We have achieved our leadership position by combining over twenty years of deep domain expertise with the differentiated SaaS capabilities and low-code configurability of our technology platform. We believe we are the first company to provide carriers with an end-to-end suite of enterprise-scale core system software that is purpose-built as a SaaS solution. Our product portfolio is built on our modern technology foundation, the Duck Creek Platform, and works cohesively to improve the operational efficiency of carriers core processes (policy administration, claims management and billing) as well as other critical functions. The Duck Creek Platform enables our customers to be agile and rapidly capitalize on market opportunities, while reducing their total cost of technology ownership. 
 Our deep understanding of the P&C insurance industry has enabled us to develop a single, unified suite of insurance software products that is tailored to address the key challenges faced by carriers. Our solutions promote carriers nimbleness by enabling rapid integration and streamlining the ability to capture, access and utilize data more effectively. The Duck Creek Suite includes several products that support the P&C insurance process lifecycle, such as: 

Duck Creek Policy : enables carriers to develop and launch new insurance products and manage all aspects of policy administration, from product definition to quoting, binding and servicing 

Duck Creek Billing : supports fundamental payment and invoicing capabilities (such as billing and collections, commission processing, disbursement management and general ledger capabilities) for all insurance lines and bill types 

Duck Creek Claims : supports the entire claims lifecycle from first notice of loss through investigation, payments, negotiations, reporting and closure 

 In addition, we offer other innovative solutions, such as Duck Creek Rating , Duck Creek Insights , Duck Creek Digital Engagement , Duck Creek Distribution Management, Duck Creek Reinsurance Management , Duck Creek Anywhere Managed Integrations and Duck Creek Industry Content , which provide additional features and functionalities that further help our customers meet the increasing and evolving demands of the P&C industry. Our customers purchase and deploy Duck Creek OnDemand, our SaaS solution, either individually or as a suite. 
 We sell our SaaS solutions through recurring fee arrangements where revenue is recognized on a monthly basis following deployment to the customer, which we refer to as subscription revenue. Substantially all of our new bookings come from the sale of SaaS subscriptions of Duck Creek OnDemand . For the years ended August 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, SaaS ACV bookings represented 97 , 96 and 86 of our total ACV bookings, respectively. Historically, we have also sold our products through perpetual and term license arrangements, most commonly installed on-premise, where license revenue is typically recognized in full upon delivery of the software to the customer. We generally price our SaaS and license arrangements at individually negotiated rates based on the amount of a customer s DWP that will be managed by our solutions with pre-determined fee adjustments as the customer s DWP increases over the term of the contract, which typically ranges from three to seven years for our SaaS arrangements. We typically invoice our customers monthly, in advance, for SaaS fees whereas our term licenses are typically invoiced annually, in advance. The total cost of a perpetual license is billed in full upon contract signing. 
 52 

We also derive revenue from maintenance and support services on our perpetual and term license products (primarily software updates, rights to unspecified software upgrades on a when-and-if-available basis and remote support services). We recognize revenue on a monthly basis as maintenance and support services are provided to customers. We generate revenue by providing professional services for both our SaaS solutions and perpetual and term license products (primarily related to implementation services) to the extent requested by our customers. The vast majority of our professional services revenue is recognized on a time and materials basis as the work is delivered to our customers. Our customers may also choose to obtain implementation services through our network of third-party SI partners who provide implementation and other related services to our customers. Our partnerships with leading SIs allow us to grow our business more efficiently by giving us scale to service our growing customer base. We continue to grow our services organization, including increasing the number of qualified consultants we employ and investing time and resources to develop relationships with new SI partners in existing and new markets. 
 We sell our products and services to a wide variety of carriers, including many of the largest and most recognizable brands in the P&C insurance industry, as well as smaller national and regional carriers. Our direct sales team focuses on obtaining new customers, which includes carriers that currently operate internally developed or competing systems, as well as selling into our existing customer base, which includes marketing our SaaS solutions to our term and perpetual license customers to drive adoption of our SaaS solutions and cross-selling additional applications. We are committed to continued training and development in order to increase the productivity of our sales team, with regional sales centers in North America, Europe and Australia. Our sales team is complemented by our partnerships with third-party partners, including leading SIs and solution partners. These partners provide additional market validation to our offerings, enhance our sales force through co-marketing efforts and offer greater speed and efficiency of implementation capabilities and related services to our customers. We also engage in a variety of traditional and online marketing activities designed to provide sales support and build brand recognition and enhance our reputation as an industry leader. 
 We believe our strong customer relationships are a result of our ability to develop innovative technology and incorporate our deep domain expertise into products that serve mission critical functions in our customers day-to-day operations. We have over 150 insurance customers, of which approximately 70 have purchased one or more of our SaaS solutions. For customer concentration purposes, customers are assessed two ways: individual entities (customers) and combining customers that are under common control (consolidated entities). We had no single customer that accounted for over 10 of our total revenue in fiscal 2021 or fiscal 2020 but one consolidated entity that represented approximately 11 of our total revenue for fiscal 2020. This consolidated entity is a large multinational corporation that does business with us through multiple subsidiaries. In fiscal 2019, a single customer, State Farm, accounted for 10 of our total revenue and the same multinational corporation was the one consolidated entity that represented approximately 13 of our total revenue in fiscal 2019. 
 Key Factors and Trends Affecting Our Results of Operations 
 Increased focus on the sale of our SaaS solutions and resulting changing revenue mix . A central part of our strategy is to continue to grow our subscription revenue by signing new SaaS customers and increasing sales to our existing SaaS customers. Additionally, over time we also expect to migrate existing term and perpetual license customers to our SaaS solutions. As a result, our software revenue mix will continue to change over time as the portion of license revenue (primarily recognized up-front) decreases and the portion of subscription revenue (recognized monthly) increases, which may make our results in any one period difficult to compare to any other period. For the fiscal years ended August 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, subscription revenue was 77 , 71 and 60 of software revenue, respectively. 
 Continued and increased adoption of our solutions by customers . Strong customer relationships are a key driver of our success given the importance of customer references for new sales. Our long-term relationships with existing customers provide us with significant opportunities to reach customer decision-makers and sell our product offerings that address the specific customer s needs, allowing us to recognize incremental sales with lower sales and marketing spend than for a new customer. With the continued launch of new functionality for the Duck Creek Suite , we have the opportunity to realize incremental value by selling additional functionality to customers that do not currently utilize our full product portfolio and by encouraging existing term and perpetual license customers to adopt our SaaS solutions. As we demonstrate our value to customers, we believe we will have the opportunity to sell them additional solutions. Moreover, because our products are priced on the basis of the amount of DWP generated by our customers, we expect our revenue will grow as our customers grow their businesses. 
 53 

Timing of license revenue recognition and changing contract terms . Because our offerings are typically priced based on a customer s DWP, and our business relies on a relatively small number of high-value contracts, the license revenues recognized in any fiscal period in which we sign a term license with a large global carrier may be disproportionally higher than revenues recognized in a period in which we only sign term licenses with smaller carriers. We generally experience lengthy sales cycles because potential customers typically undertake a rigorous pre-purchase decision-making and evaluation process. Additionally, our license revenue may significantly increase in any given period in which a new license contract is signed. In fiscal 2018, we revised our contracting practices and began to sell our term licenses with an initial two-year committed term and optional annual renewals instead of our historical three to six year committed terms. This contracting change has impacted historical period-over-period revenue comparisons. However, because of our revenue mix shift to subscription and since our contracts going forward are expected to have initial two-year committed terms, this change is not expected to have a material impact on the comparability of our results in future periods. Our term license revenue accounted for 8 , 8 , and 1 3 of software revenue during fiscal 20 2 1, 20 20 and 20 1 9 , respectively. 
 Investment in sales and marketing organization . We plan to continue to invest in our sales and marketing efforts to grow our customer base, increase sales of additional functionality to existing customers and encourage carriers who currently operate legacy systems or use one or more of our competitor s applications to adopt our SaaS solutions. We expect to add sales personnel and expand our marketing activities. We also intend to continue to expand our international sales and marketing organization, which we believe will be an important factor in our continued growth. Our sales and marketing expenses totaled 54.1 million, 50.3 million, and 40.2 million in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. We expect sales and marketing expenses to continue to increase in absolute dollars for the foreseeable future. 
 Investment in SaaS operations. We will continue to invest in Duck Creek OnDemand , including through our new SaaS operations center and continued growth in the number of our cloud and SaaS operations experts, to further our goal of delivering the best experience for our SaaS customers. Personnel related costs of our SaaS operations team is the fastest growing component of our cost of subscription revenue. Our cost of subscription revenue totaled 47.3 million, 34.9 million, and 24.2 million in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 Investment in technology and research and development efforts . We are committed to continuing to deliver market-leading software to carriers and believe that maintaining our product leadership is critical to driving further revenue growth. As a result, we intend to continue to make significant investments in our research and development efforts to extend the functionality and breadth of our current solutions as well as develop and launch new products and tools to address the evolving needs of the P&C insurance industry. Our research and development expenses totaled 48.5 million, 44.1 million, and 35.9 million in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. We expect research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars for the foreseeable future. 
 Pursuing acquisitions . We have acquired and successfully integrated several businesses complementary to our own to enhance our software and technology capabilities. We intend to continue to pursue targeted acquisitions that further complement our product portfolio or provide us access to new markets. For example, in August 2016, we acquired Agencyport Software, a provider of intuitive, digital experiences between carriers and their agents, brokers, consumers and policyholders in January 2017, we acquired Yodil, LLC, a pioneer in insurance data management solutions in October 2018, we acquired Outline Systems LLC, a provider of P&C distribution channel management software and longstanding member of our partner ecosystem and in June 2019, we acquired the CedeRight Products business, a provider of reinsurance management software, from DataCede LLC. As a result of the contributions of these businesses and any future businesses we may acquire, our results of operations may not be comparable between periods. For fiscal 2021 and 2020, we did not engage in any acquisition activity. In fiscal 2019 cash consideration for acquisitions was 11.6 million. 
 54 

Mix of Professional Services Revenue . Our professional services teams ensure the successful configuration and integration of our solutions, and provide continuous support to our customers. We recognize most of our professional services revenue during initial deployment, and recognize additional revenue for services provided over the lifetime of a customer s use of our software. Over time, a customer s spend on professional services decreases as a percentage of their overall spend with us. In addition, although we plan on increasing our professional services headcount in the long-term, we expect to shift an increasing percentage of implementation work to our network of third-party SIs to better enable us to meet growing market demand. As a result, we expect our overall professional services revenue to increase in absolute dollars due to the growth in the number of our SaaS customers, but to decrease as a percentage of total revenue. For the fiscal 20 2 1 , 20 20 and 20 1 9 , our professional services revenue was 98.6 million , or 38 of total revenue, 94.1 million , 44 of total revenue, and 77.7 million , 45 of total revenue respectively. 
 
 COVID-19 Expenses . In March 2020, we implemented various measures in response to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic to ensure the safety of our employees. Over a two-day period, we shifted 100 of our employee base to work from home and suspended international and domestic travel. This policy remained largely in place throughout fiscal year 2021, with only certain exceptions being made on a case-by-case basis. As a result, our travel-related expenses decreased from fiscal year 2020 to 2021. 
 
 Due to the success of our work from home program, we have established a remote-first policy for all employees. Under this policy, employees can work from home but have the option to work out of physical office locations when they would like. 
 
 Share-based Compensation. In fiscal 2020, we had a high level of share-based compensation expense that was primarily driven by our IPO. For fiscal 2021, share-based compensation decreased due to the normalization of expense commensurate with employees continuing to vest in their awards over requisite service periods. 
 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 We generate our revenue from selling subscriptions to our SaaS solutions, licensing our term and perpetual software applications, providing maintenance and support services (primarily software updates, rights to unspecified software upgrades on a when-and-if-available basis and remote support services) to our term and perpetual license customers and providing professional services (primarily related to implementation services) to the extent requested by either our SaaS or term and perpetual license customers. We generally price our SaaS and licenses arrangements based on the amount of a customer s DWP that will be managed by our software solutions and may include volume-based pricing for customers managing a higher amount of DWP with our solutions. Our SaaS and license contracts generally include provisions for additional fees when the amount of the customer s DWP managed by our software solutions exceed agreed-upon caps within defined reporting periods, which are recognized on an as incurred basis. Software revenue is comprised of subscription revenue and revenue from licenses and maintenance and support services. Total revenue is comprised of software revenue plus revenue from our professional services. 
 Subscription 
 Our subscription revenue is comprised of fees from customers accessing our Duck Creek OnDemand platform and other SaaS solutions. Revenue for a reporting period is generally recognized ratably in proportion to the total contractual DWP, beginning when the service has been made available to the customer. Our subscription revenue accounted for 77 , 71 and 60 of software revenue during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 Licenses 
 On an increasingly limited basis, we sell licenses for our solutions on either a renewable term basis or a perpetual basis. The total contractual consideration allocated to the license is recognized as revenue upon delivery of the software to a customer, assuming all other revenue recognition criteria are satisfied. We sell our term licenses with an initial two-year committed term and optional annual renewals, with the revenue allocated to the initial two-year license period recognized in full upon delivery of the license. We expect volatility across reporting periods for 
 55 

our license revenue due to the timing of license renewals and sales. Our license revenue accounted for 8 , 8 and 15 of software revenue during fiscal 20 2 1, 20 20 and 20 1 9 . 
 Maintenance and Support 
 In connection with our term and perpetual license arrangements, we offer maintenance and support under renewable, fee-based contracts that include unspecified software updates and upgrades released when and if available, software patches and fixes and email and phone support. Our maintenance and support fees are typically priced as a fixed percentage of the associated license fees. We recognize maintenance and support revenue from customers ratably over the committed term of the contract. Substantially all term and perpetual license customers purchase an agreement for maintenance and support. We expect to continue to generate a relatively consistent stream of revenue from the maintenance and support services we provide to our existing license customers. However, we expect revenue from maintenance and support services to decrease as a percentage of software revenue as we continue to deemphasize license sales in favor of our SaaS solutions. Our maintenance and support revenue accounted for 15 , 20 and 26 of software revenue during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 Professional Services 
 We offer professional services, primarily related to implementation of our products, in connection with both our SaaS solutions and software license products. The vast majority of professional services engagements are billed to customers on a time and materials basis and revenue is generally recognized upon delivery of our services. We expect our professional services revenue to grow over time in absolute dollars due to customer growth and an increasing need for implementation services, but decrease as a percentage of total revenue. We believe the rate at which we sell our software will drive a greater need for implementation services that will support both an increase in our professional services revenue and an increase in demand for the services provided by our third-party SIs. Our professional services revenue generates lower gross margins than our software revenue and accounted for 38 , 44 and 45 of our total revenue during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Our cost of revenue has fixed and variable components and depends on the type of revenue earned in each period. Cost of revenue includes amortization expense associated with acquired technology and other operating expenses directly related to the cost of products and services, including depreciation expense. We expect our cost of revenue to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to hire personnel, to provide hosting services, technical support and consulting services to our growing customer base. 
 Cost of Subscriptions 
 Our cost of subscription revenue is primarily comprised of cloud infrastructure costs, royalty fees paid to third parties, amortization of acquired technology intangible assets and personnel-related expenses for our SaaS operations teams, including salaries and other direct personnel-related costs. 
 Cost of Licenses 
 Our cost of license revenue is primarily comprised of royalty fees paid to third parties and amortization of acquired technology intangible assets. 
 Cost of Maintenance and Support 
 Our cost of maintenance and support revenue is comprised of personnel-related expenses for our technical support team, including salaries and other direct personnel-related costs. While we expect the cost of maintenance and support revenue will increase in the near term, it may decrease in the future if we successfully transition our term and perpetual license customers to our SaaS solutions. 
 56 

Cost of Professional Services 
 Our cost of professional services revenue is primarily comprised of personnel-related expenses for our professional service employees and contractors, including salaries and other direct personnel-related costs. 
 Gross Margins 
 Gross margins have been and will continue to be affected by a variety of factors, including the average sales price of our products and services, DWP volume growth, the mix of revenue between SaaS solutions, software licenses, maintenance and support and professional services and changes in cloud infrastructure and personnel costs. As we transition our product mix to include more SaaS customers, we expect our overall gross margin percentages to decrease in the near term due to our SaaS gross margin percentages being lower than our license gross margin percentages. Over time, we expect gross margins to increase as we onboard additional customers, achieve growth within existing customers and realize greater economies of scale. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Research and Development 
 Our research and development expenses consist primarily of costs incurred for personnel-related expenses for our technical staff, including salaries and other direct personnel-related costs. Additional expenses include consulting and professional fees for third-party development resources. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars for the foreseeable future as we continue to dedicate substantial resources to develop, improve and expand the functionality of our solutions. Costs incurred in the preliminary design and development stages of our SaaS projects are generally expensed as incurred in accordance with FASB ASC 350-40, Internal-Use Software . Once a SaaS project has reached the application development stage, certain internal, external, direct and indirect costs may be subject to capitalization. Generally, costs are capitalized until the technology is available for its intended use. Subsequent costs incurred for the development of future upgrades and enhancements, which are expected to result in additional functionality, follow the same protocol for capitalization. 
 Sales and Marketing Expenses 
 Our sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel related costs for our sales and marketing functions, including salaries and other direct personnel-related costs. Additional expenses include marketing program costs, including costs related to our Formation conference (held annually, when possible) and amortization of acquired intangible assets related to customer relationships. Due to COVID-19, we did not hold our annual Formation conference in person during fiscal years 2020 or 2021 however, we developed a virtual customer conference model (called vFormation) that allowed us to effectively engage with customers online. While we expect our sales and marketing expenses to increase on an absolute dollar basis in the near term as we continue to increase investments to support our growth, we also anticipate that sales and marketing expenses will remain relatively consistent as a percentage of total revenue. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 Our general and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs for our executive, finance, human resources, information technology and legal functions, including salaries and other direct personnel-related costs. Additional expenses include professional fees, amortization of acquired trademarks, tradenames and domain name intangible assets, insurance and acquisition-related costs. While we expect other general and administrative expense to increase on an absolute dollar basis in the near term as we continue to increase investments to support our growth and as a result of our becoming a public company, we also anticipate that general and administrative expenses will decrease as a percentage of total revenue over time. 
 Change in Fair Value of Contingent Consideration 
 Certain of our acquisitions have included a component of contingent consideration to be paid to the sellers if certain performance levels are achieved by the acquired entity over a specific period of time. Contingent 
 57 

consideration is initially recorded at fair value on the acquisition date based, in part, on a range of estimated probabilities for achievement of these performance levels. The fair value is periodically adjusted as actual performance levels become known and updates are made to the estimated probabilities for future performance. A gain or loss is recognized in the income statement for fair value adjustments. As a result of additional acquisitions, it is possible that we will incur gains or losses in the future due to the change in the fair value of contingent consideration. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other income (expense), net consists primarily of foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates on receivables and payables denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 Interest expense, net comprise interest expense accrued or paid on our indebtedness, net of interest income earned on our cash balances. We expect interest income (expense) to vary each reporting period depending on the amount of outstanding indebtedness, cash, cash equivalents, and investment balance s, and prevailing interest rates. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 We are subject to taxes in the United States as well as other tax jurisdictions or countries in which we conduct business. Earnings from our non-U.S. activities are subject to local country income tax and may be subject to current U.S. income tax. Due to cumulative losses, we maintain a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets, except in certain foreign subsidiaries that generate income. We consider all available evidence, both positive and negative, in assessing the extent to which a valuation allowance should be applied against our deferred tax assets. Realization of our U.S. deferred tax assets depends upon future earnings, the timing and amount of which are uncertain. 
 58 

Results of Operations 
 Comparison of Fiscal Years Ended August 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 The following table sets forth our consolidated results of operations for the periods indicated, expressed in total dollar terms and as a percentage of total revenue: 

Year Ended August 31, 

(dollars in thousands) 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Percent of Total Revenue 

Percent of Total Revenue 

Percent of Total Revenue 

Revenue 

Subscription 

125,267 

48 

83,999 

40 

55,909 

33 

License 

12,171 

5 

9,914 

5 

13,776 

8 

Maintenance and support 

24,285 

9 

23,680 

11 

23,896 

14 

Professional services 

98,627 

38 

94,079 

44 

77,692 

45 

Total revenue 

260,350 

100 

211,672 

100 

171,273 

100 

Cost of revenue 

Subscription 

47,266 

18 

34,902 

16 

24,199 

14 

License 

1,888 

1 

1,853 

1 

1,970 

1 

Maintenance and support 

3,410 

1 

3,338 

2 

2,781 

2 

Professional services 

57,522 

22 

57,082 

27 

43,228 

25 

Total cost of revenue 

110,086 

42 

97,175 

46 

72,178 

42 

Gross margins 

150,264 

58 

114,497 

54 

99,095 

58 

Operating expenses 

Research and development 

48,549 

19 

44,052 

21 

35,936 

21 

Sales and marketing 

54,124 

21 

50,305 

24 

40,189 

23 

General and administrative 

62,664 

24 

48,662 

23 

36,493 

21 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

293 

133 

628 

Total operating expense 

165,630 

64 

143,152 

68 

113,246 

66 

Loss from operations 

(15,366 

(6 

(28,655 

(14 

(14,151 

(8 

Other income (expense), net 

431 

641 

(565 

Interest expense, net 

(100 

(356 

(1,030 

(1 

Loss before income taxes 

(15,035 

(6 

(28,370 

(14 

(15,746 

(9 

Provision for income taxes 

1,896 

1 

1,562 

1,150 

1 

Net loss 

(16,931 

(7 

(29,932 

(14 

(16,896 

(9 

Revenue 
 Subscription 
 Fiscal 2021 Compared to Fiscal 2020. Subscription revenue increased 41.3 million, or 49 , in fiscal 2021 versus fiscal 2020 due to a combination of sales to new customers and increased revenue generated from existing customers. This increase includes the full year impact of prior year sales, sales of new services to existing customers and contractual growth. 
 Fiscal 2020 Compared to Fiscal 2019. Subscription revenue increased 28.1 million, or 50 , in fiscal 2020 versus fiscal 2019 due to a combination of sales to new customers and increased revenue generated from existing customers, which includes full year impact of prior year sales, sales of new services to existing customers and contractual growth. 
 59 

License 
 Fiscal 2021 Compared to Fiscal 2020 . License revenue increased 2.3 million, or 23 , in fiscal 2021 versus fiscal 2020 primarily due to an increase in new product licenses and license renewals for existing customers. 
 Fiscal 2020 Compared to Fiscal 2019 . License revenue decreased 3.9 million, or (28 ), in fiscal 2020 versus fiscal 2019 primarily due to a decrease in multi-year license deals and fees related to growth in DWP for license customers as a result of our shift to selling our SaaS solutions to new customers. 
 Maintenance and Support 
 Fiscal 2021 Compared to Fiscal 2020 . Maintenance and support revenue increased 0.6 million, or 3 , in fiscal 2021 versus fiscal 2020 primarily due to a decrease in backlog revenue amortization, a contra-revenue purchase accounting adjustment. 
 Fiscal 2020 Compared to Fiscal 2019 . Maintenance and support revenue decreased 0.2 million, or (1 ), in fiscal 2020 versus fiscal 2019 primarily due to the conversion of license contract customers to SaaS customers in the previous fiscal year. 
 Professional services 
 Fiscal 2021 Compared to Fiscal 2020 . Professional services revenue increased 4.5 million, or 5 , in fiscal 2021 versus fiscal 2020 primarily due to growth of our existing software customer base and new customer implementations. 
 Fiscal 2020 Compared to Fiscal 2019 . Professional services revenue increased 16.4 million, or 21 , in fiscal 2020 versus fiscal 2019 primarily due to growth of our existing software customer base and new customer implementations. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Fiscal 2021 Compared to Fiscal 2020 . Cost of revenue increased 12.9 million, or 13 , in fiscal 2021 versus fiscal 2020. 
 Fiscal 2020 Compared to Fiscal 2019 . Cost of revenue increased 25.0 million, or 35 , in fiscal 2020 versus fiscal 2019. 
 Cost of Subscriptions 
 Fiscal 2021 Compared to Fiscal 2020 . Cost of subscription revenue increased 12.4 million, or 35 , in fiscal 2021 versus fiscal 2020 primarily due to an increase in SaaS customers, and is primarily comprised of a 4.9 million increase in hosting costs, a 4.3 million increase in payroll and related costs as we added employees to build out the SaaS operations team, a 1.4 million increase in amortization expense associated with capitalized internal-use software costs, a 1.3 million increase in professional service fees, and a 1.0 million increase in computer hardware and software costs. These increases were offset by a 0.4 million decrease in recruiting expenses and a 0.2 million decrease in contingent labor. 
 60 

Fiscal 2020 Compared to Fiscal 2019 . Cost of subscription revenue increased 10.7 million, or 44 , in fiscal 2020 versus fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in SaaS customers, and is primarily comprised of a 5.1 million increase in hosting costs, a 3.9 million increase in payroll and related costs as we added employees to build out the SaaS operations team, a 0.7 million increase in computer hardware and software costs and a 0.1 million increase in professional service fees. Share-based compensation increased 0.4 million in fiscal 2020 versus fiscal 2019 due to incremental charges related to employee stock options and Phantom Unit settlements as part of the Reorganization Transactions in conjunction with the IPO. Beginning in fiscal 2020, the Company recorded 0.7 million of amortization expense associated with capitalized internal-use software costs. These increases were offset by a 0.2 million decrease in travel and entertainment expenses. 
 Cost of License 
 Fiscal 2021 Compared to Fiscal 2020 . Cost of license revenue increased 2 in fiscal 2021 versus fiscal 2020 primarily due to an increase in royalties paid to third parties resulting from the increase in license revenue. 
 Fiscal 2020 Compared to Fiscal 2019 . Cost of license revenue decreased 0.1 million, or (6 ), in fiscal 2020 versus fiscal 2019 primarily due to a decrease in royalties paid to third-parties resulting from an increase in license revenue. 
 Cost of Maintenance and Support 
 Fiscal 2021 Compared to Fiscal 2020 . Cost of maintenance and support revenue increased 2 in fiscal 2021 versus fiscal 2020 primarily due to an increase in personnel-related costs supporting our term and perpetual license customers. 
 Fiscal 2020 Compared to Fiscal 2019 . Cost of maintenance and support revenue increased 0.6 million or 20 in fiscal 2020 versus fiscal 2019 primarily due to a shift in the mix of personnel (onshore resources versus offshore resources) supporting our term and perpetual license customers. 
 Cost of Professional Services 
 Fiscal 2021 Compared to Fiscal 2020 . Cost of professional services revenue increased 0.4 million, or 1 , in fiscal 2021 versus fiscal 2020 primarily due to a 4.6 million increase in salaries and other payroll related costs resulting from increased professional services headcount, partially offset by a 1.4 million decrease in travel and entertainment expenses and a 0.8 million decrease in contingent labor. Share-based compensation decreased 2.0 million in fiscal 2021 versus fiscal 2020. 
 Fiscal 2020 Compared to Fiscal 2019 . Cost of professional services revenue increased 13.9 million, or 32 , in fiscal 2020 versus fiscal 2019 primarily due to a 5.5 million increase in salaries and other payroll related costs resulting from increased professional services headcount, a 2.5 million increase in bonus expense and a 2.1 million increase in personnel-related costs due to the internal transfer of professional services headcount back to professional services from a research and development project completed in late 2019. In addition, share-based compensation increased 4.6 million in fiscal 2020 versus fiscal 2019 due to incremental charges related to employee stock options and Phantom Unit settlements as part of the Reorganization Transactions in conjunction with the IPO. These increases were partially offset by a 1.1 million decrease in travel and entertainment expenses. 
 Gross Margins 
 Fiscal 2021 Compared to Fiscal 2020. Gross margins increased 35.8 million, or 31 , in fiscal 2021 versus fiscal 2020, primarily due to a 28.9 million increase in subscription gross margin and a 4.1 million increase in professional services margin, an increase of 2.2 million in license gross margin and a 0.5 million increase in maintenance and support gross margin. Our gross margin percentage increased from 54 in fiscal 2020 to 58 in fiscal 2021 due to increases in gross margin percentages across all our revenue categories. 
 61 

Fiscal 20 20 Compared to Fiscal 201 9 . Gross margins increased 15.4 million , or 16 , in fiscal 20 20 versus fiscal 201 9 , primarily due to a 17.4 million increase in subscription gross margin and a 2.5 million increase in professional services margin, partially offset by a 3.7 million decrease in license gross margin and a 0.8 million decrease in maintenance and support gross margin. Our gross margin percentage decreased from 58 in fiscal 2019 to 5 4 in fiscal 2020. This is primarily due to decreases in license gross margin percentage, professional services gross margin percentage, and maintenance and support gross margin percentage, partially offset by an increase in subscription gross margin percentage . 
 Operating Expenses 
 Research and Development Expense 
 Fiscal 2021 Compared to Fiscal 2020. Research and development expense increased 4.5 million, or 10 , in fiscal 2021 versus fiscal 2020 primarily due to a 4.3 million increase in salaries and salary-related costs from increased headcount, a 2.0 million decrease in capitalized internal-use software costs, a 0.5 million increase in hosting costs, and a 0.2 million increase in contingent labor. These increases were partially offset by a 2.1 million decrease in share-based compensation expense, a 0.3 million reduction in travel and entertainment expenses after the start of COVID-19 pandemic, and a 0.1 million reduction in recruiting expenses. 
 Fiscal 2020 Compared to Fiscal 2019. Research and development expense increased 8.1 million, or 23 , in fiscal 2020 versus fiscal 2019 primarily due to a 3.7 million increase in share-based compensation expense related to employee stock options and Phantom Unit settlements as part of the Company s Reorganization Transactions in conjunction with the IPO, a 1.9 million increase in bonus expense and a 3.6 decrease in cost reimbursements received by a third party due to the completion of a research and development project in late 2019. These increases were partially offset by a 0.7 million reduction in consulting fees and a 0.3 million reduction in travel and entertainment expenses. 
 Sales and Marketing Expense 
 Fiscal 2021 Compared to Fiscal 2020. Sales and marketing expense increased 3.8 million, or 8 , in fiscal 2021 versus fiscal 2020 primarily due to a 5.2 million increase in salaries and payroll-related costs from increased headcount, a 1.7 million increase in marketing programs, and a 0.6 million increase in sales commissions, partially offset by a 2.4 million decrease in share-based compensation, and a 1.3 million decrease in travel and entertainment expenses. 
 Fiscal 2020 Compared to Fiscal 2019. Sales and marketing expense increased 10.1 million, or 25 , in fiscal 2020 versus fiscal 2019 primarily due to a 5.2 million increase in share-based compensation expense related to employee stock options and Phantom Unit settlements as part of the Reorganization Transactions in conjunction with the IPO, a 4.6 million increase in salaries and payroll-related costs, including bonuses, from increased headcount, a 0.5 million increase in sales commissions and a 0.5 million increase in marketing programs, partially offset by a 0.7 million decrease in travel and entertainment expenses. 
 General and Administrative Expense 
 Fiscal 2021 Compared to Fiscal 2020. General and administrative expense increased 14.0 million, or 29 , in fiscal 2021 versus fiscal 2020 primarily due to a 5.5 million increase in insurance expense as a result of becoming a public company, a 4.1 million increase in professional fees, due in part to costs associated with becoming a public company, a 2.4 million increase in salaries and payroll-related costs, 1.5 million in legal and audit fees related to the secondary offering of our common stock in the first quarter, a 1.0 million increase in bad debt expense, a 0.4 million increase in computer software costs, a 0.4 million increase in facilities cost mainly due to an increase in property taxes, a 0.4 million increase in recruiting expenses, a 0.3 million increase in business taxes and licenses, and a 0.2 million increase in contingent labor. These increases were offset by a 1.8 million decrease in share-based compensation, and a 0.4 million reduction in travel and entertainment expenses. 
 Fiscal 2020 Compared to Fiscal 2019. General and administrative expense increased 12.2 million, or 33 , in fiscal 2020 versus fiscal 2019 primarily due to 5.2 million increase in share-based compensation expense related 
 62 

to employee stock options and Phantom Unit settlements as part of the Reorganization Transactions in conjunction with the IPO, a 3.6 million increase in salaries and payroll-related costs, a 2.8 million increase in facilities cost due to the impairment of right of use assets and leasehold improvements associated with the closure or downsizing of two of our offices in the U.S . , a 0.6 million increase in insurance , and a 0.5 million increase in computer software costs . These increases were offset by a 0.6 million decrease in contingent labor. 
 Change in Fair Value of Contingent Consideration 
 Fiscal 2021 Compared to Fiscal 2020. In fiscal 2021, a 0.2 million loss was recognized primarily due to the change in fair value of contingent consideration as well as present value calculations related to the contingent consideration estimates of the acquisition of Outline Systems LLC, a provider of P&C distribution channel management software and longstanding member of our partner ecosystem (now Duck Creek Distribution Management ). 
 Fiscal 2020 Compared to Fiscal 2019. In fiscal 2020, a 0.1 million gain was recognized primarily due to the change in fair value of contingent consideration related to the acquisition of Outline Systems (now Duck Creek Distribution Management ). 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Fiscal 2021 Compared to Fiscal 2020. Other income (expense) decreased 0.2 million in fiscal 2021 versus fiscal 2020, primarily due to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates on receivables and payables denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, partially offset by a 0.5 million gain on the derecognition of a lease liability resulting from a sublease transaction. 
 Fiscal 2020 Compared to Fiscal 2019. Other income (expense) grew 1.2 million in fiscal 2020 versus fiscal 2019, p rimarily due to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates on receivables and payables denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 Fiscal 2021 Compared to Fiscal 2020. Interest expense, net decreased 0.3 million in fiscal 2021 versus fiscal 2020 primarily due to no outstanding net revolver borrowings during fiscal 2021. In fiscal 2021, interest expense consists of fees paid to maintain the revolving credit facility. These expenses were partially offset by interest income received from cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments, not present in prior year. 
 Fiscal 2020 Compared to Fiscal 2019. Interest expense, net decreased 0.7 million in fiscal 2020 versus fiscal 2019 primarily due to lower net revolver borrowing costs. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Fiscal 2021 Compared to Fiscal 2020. Provision for income taxes increased by 0.3 million in fiscal 2021 versus fiscal 2020 primarily due to due to the impact of higher profits in foreign subsidiaries . 
 Fiscal 2020 Compared to Fiscal 2019. Provision for income taxes increased by 0.4 million in fiscal 2020 versus fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in the deferred tax benefit in foreign entities. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 To date, we have financed our operations primarily through cash provided by operating activities and our revolving credit facility. As of August 31, 2021, we had 185.7 million in cash and cash equivalents, 192.0 million of short-term investments, no outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility and 0.9 million of outstanding letters of credit. We had 29.1 million of principal borrowing availability under our revolving credit facility. While we believe our existing cash and cash equivalents, together with cash provided by operating activities and amounts available under our revolving credit facility, will be sufficient to meet our operating working capital and capital expenditure requirements over at least the next twelve months, the extent to which COVID-19 could 
 63 

impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in the short- and medium-term cannot be predicted with certainty. Although we did not experience significant disruptions to our business in 2020 and 2021 from COVID-19, we and our industry as a whole may experience a greater impact going forward. To the extent COVID-19 has resulted in any increase to our cash and cash equivalents, including as a result of any decreases in sales and market expenses described above, such increase could be temporary. Additionally, on a longer term basis, we may not be able to accurately predict the effect of COVID-19 on our future financing requirements, which will depend on our primary cash needs that could be affected by many factors, including the number of new customers that we obtain, the renewal activity of our existing customers and our ability to both cross-sell additional functionality to our existing customers and to encourage our existing customers to adopt our SaaS solutions, the timing and extent of our research and development spending and the expansion of our sales and marketing activities. We may also face unexpected costs in connection with our business operations, including in connection with the ongoing implementation of our COVID-19 related policies and procedures. Any of the above could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and require us to seek additional sources of liquidity and capital resources. For additional information regarding the impact of COVID-19 on the Company, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Public health outbreaks, epidemics or pandemics, including the global COVID-19 outbreak, could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition . In addition, at any given time, we may be evaluating one or more potential investments in, or acquisitions of, businesses or technologies, which could also require us to seek additional equity or debt financing. Additional sources of liquidity and capital resources, including equity or debt financing, may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all. 
 As of August 31, 2021, 25.2 million of cash was held by our foreign subsidiaries. We currently do not anticipate a need to repatriate these funds to finance our U.S. operations and it is our intention to indefinitely reinvest these funds outside the United States. 
 Summary of Cash Flows for the Fiscal Years Ended August 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 The following summarizes our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the periods indicated: 

Year Ended 
 August 31, 

in thousands) 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

(8,686 

25,725 

14,833 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(194,211 

(6,747 

(19,911 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

(1,324 

358,901 

3,198 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

(204,221 

377,879 

(1,880 

Cash and cash equivalents beginning of period 

389,878 

11,999 

13,879 

Cash and cash equivalents end of period 

185,657 

389,878 

11,999 

Operating Activities 
 We used 8.7 million of cash in operating activities during fiscal 2021, resulting from our net income, after excluding the impact of non-cash charges, of 20.8 million and 29.5 million of cash used in working capital activities. Cash used in working capital activities during fiscal 2021 was primarily due to an increase in accounts receivable and unbilled revenue of 10.8 million, a decrease in accrued liabilities of 3.2 million, and 9.2 million of accrued Phantom Unit settlements. 
 We generated 25.7 million of cash from operating activities during fiscal 2020, primarily resulting from our net income, after excluding the impact of non-cash charges, of 14.6 million and 11.2 million of cash generated by working capital activities. Cash generated by working capital activities during fiscal 2020 was primarily due to an increase in accrued liabilities with third-party software vendors, accrued annual bonuses and accrued Phantom Unit settlements. 
 We generated 14.8 million of cash from operating activities during fiscal 2019, primarily resulting from our net income, after excluding the impact of non-cash charges, of 3.9 million, and 10.9 million of cash generated by 
 64 

working capital activities. Cash generated by working capital activities during fiscal 201 9 was primarily due to a n increase in accrued liabilities with third-party software vendors. 
 Non-cash charges in all periods include depreciation and amortization, share-based compensation expense, deferred taxes, and change in fair value of contingent earn-out liability. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities consists of business acquisitions, purchases of property and equipment, capitalization of internal use software costs, and investments in short-term, government-backed securities. 
 We used 194.2 million of cash in investing activities during fiscal 2021. During the second quarter of 2021, we invested 287.9 million of the cash received in the IPO in short-term, government-backed securities. Of these investments, 95.9 million matured during the year ended August 31, 2021. Such investing and maturities did not occur in the prior year period. In the year ended August 31, 2021, we spent approximately 1.4 million on purchases of property, plant and equipment, compared to 3.9 million during the year ended August 31, 2020. A dditionally, our capitalized costs for internal use software were 1.9 million less during the year ended August 31, 2021 compared to the prior year period. 
 We used 6.7 million of cash in investing activities during fiscal 2020 primarily related to purchases of property and equipment of 3.9 million and capitalized internal use-software costs of 2.9 million. 
 We used 19.9 million of cash in investing activities during fiscal 2019 primarily related to our acquisition of Outline Systems LLC for cash consideration of 9.8 million, our acquisition of the CedeRight Products business for cash consideration of 1.8 million, purchases of property and equipment of 5.3 million and capitalized internal-use software costs of 3.0 million. 
 Financing Activities 
 We used 1.3 million in financing activities during fiscal 2021, compared to cash generated from financing activities of 358.9 million during the year ended August 31, 2020. Cash used in financing activities during the year ended August 31, 2021 primarily related to 3.7 million in payments of deferred IPO costs, 3.1 million to repurchase treasury stock in settlement of employee tax liabilities resulting from the vesting of Restricted Stock Awards, a 1.9 million payment of contingent earnout liability and a 0.2 million payment for deferred Class E units offering costs. These payments were offset by net proceeds of 3.5 million from the February 2021 follow-on offering and 4.1 million received from stock option exercises. 
 We generated 358.9 million of cash in financing activities during fiscal 2020, primarily related to the net proceeds of 433.7 million from the IPO and 438.8 million from the issuance of Class E units prior to the IPO, partially offset by 505.8 million in redemption costs. Other financing activities consisted of borrowings under our revolving credit facility of 5.0 million offset by payments of principal on our revolving credit facility of 9.0 million. 
 We generated 3.2 million of cash in financing activities during fiscal 2019, primarily related to borrowings under our revolving credit facility of 12.0 million offset by payments of principal on our revolving credit facility of 8.0 million and costs of 0.8 million relating to proceeding with the IPO. 
 Other Financial Data and Key Metrics 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We report our financial results in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP however, management believes evaluating the Company s ongoing operating results may be enhanced if investors have additional non-GAAP financial measures. Specifically, management reviews Adjusted EBITDA, Free Cash Flow, Non-GAAP Gross Margin, Non-GAAP Income from Operations and Non-GAAP Net Income (Loss), each of which is a non-GAAP financial measure, to manage our business, make planning decisions, 
 65 

evaluate our performance and allocate resources and, for the reasons described below, considers them to be effective indicators, for both management and investors, of our financial performance over time. 
 We believe that Adjusted EBITDA, Free Cash Flow, Non-GAAP Gross Margin, Non-GAAP Income from Operations and Non-GAAP Net Income (Loss) help investors and analysts in comparing our results across reporting periods on a consistent basis by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance. These non-GAAP financial measures have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, the analysis of other GAAP financial measures, including net income and cash flows from operating activities. For example, with respect to Adjusted EBITDA, some of these limitations include: 
 it does not reflect our cash expenditures, or future requirements, for capital expenditures or contractual commitments 
 it does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs 
 it does not reflect interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments, on our indebtedness 
 it does not reflect our income tax expense or the cash requirements to pay our taxes and 
 although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements. 
 These non-GAAP financial measures are not universally consistent calculations, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures. Other companies may calculate similarly titled financial measures differently than we do or may not calculate them at all. Additionally, these non-GAAP financial measures are not measurements of financial performance or liquidity under GAAP. In order to facilitate a clear understanding of our consolidated historical operating results, you should examine our non-GAAP financial measures in conjunction with our historical combined financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this prospectus. 
 The non-GAAP financial measures and principal metrics we use in managing our business are set forth below: 
 Adjusted EBITDA. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net loss before interest expense, net other income (expense), net provision for income taxes depreciation of property and equipment amortization of intangible assets share-based compensation expense and the change in fair value of contingent consideration. We believe Adjusted EBITDA provides investors and other users of our financial information consistency and comparability with our past financial performance and facilitates period-to-period comparisons of operations. Adjusted EBITDA was 16.9 million, 11.7 million, and 6.8 million for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. A reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net loss, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, is presented below for the periods indicated. 

Year Ended August 31, 

in thousands) 

2021 

2020 

2019 

GAAP Net Loss 

(16,931 

(29,932 

(16,896 

Provision for income taxes 

1,896 

1,562 

1,150 

Other (income) expense 

(431 

(641 

565 

Interest expense, net 

100 

356 

1,030 

Depreciation of property and equipment 

3,136 

3,143 

2,398 

Amortization of intangible assets 

15,954 

15,975 

15,884 

Share-based compensation expense 

12,877 

21,108 

2,070 

Change in fair value of contingent earnout liability 

293 

133 

628 

Adjusted EBITDA 

16,894 

11,704 

6,829 

Adjusted EBITDA as a percent of total revenue 

6 

6 

4 

Free Cash Flow . We define Free Cash Flow as net cash provided by operating activities, less purchases of property and equipment and capitalized internal use software. We consider Free Cash Flow to be an important 
 66 

measure in facilitating period-to-period comparisons of liquidity. We use Free Cash Flow in conjunction with traditional GAAP measures as part of our overall assessment of liquidity. Free C ash F low was (11.0) million , 19 . 0 million, and 6 . 6 million for fiscal 20 2 1 , 20 20 and 20 1 9 , respectively. A reconciliation of Free Cash Flow to net cash provided by operating activities, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, is presented below for the periods indicated. 

Year Ended 
 August 31, 

in thousands) 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

(8,686 

25,725 

14,833 

Purchases of property and equipment 

(1,355 

(3,854 

(5,314 

Capitalized internal-use software 

(926 

(2,893 

(2,956 

Free Cash Flow 

(10,967 

18,978 

6,563 

Non-GAAP Gross Margin. We define Non-GAAP Gross Margin as GAAP gross margin before the portion of share-based compensation expense amortization of intangible assets and amortization of capitalized internal-use software that is included in cost of revenue. We believe Non-GAAP Gross Margin provides investors and other users of our financial information consistency and comparability with our past financial performance and facilitates period-to-period comparisons of gross margin. Non-GAAP Gross Margin was 160.2 million, 125.1 million, and 103.9 million for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. A reconciliation of Non-GAAP Gross Margin to gross margin, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, is presented below for the periods indicated. 

Year Ended 
 August 31, 

in thousands) 

2021 

2020 

2019 

GAAP Gross Margin 

150,264 

114,497 

99,095 

Share-based compensation expense 

3,166 

5,125 

152 

Amortization of intangible assets 

4,724 

4,746 

4,680 

Amortization of capitalized internal-use software 

2,040 

703 

Non-GAAP Gross Margin 

160,194 

125,071 

103,927 

Non-GAAP Income from Operations. We define Non-GAAP Income from Operations as GAAP loss from operations before share-based compensation expense amortization of intangible assets and the change in fair value of contingent consideration. We believe Non-GAAP Income from Operations provides investors and other users of our financial information consistency and comparability with our past financial performance and facilitates period-to-period comparisons of operations. Non-GAAP Income from Operations was 13.8 million, 8.6 million, and 4.4 million for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. A reconciliations of Non-GAAP Income from Operations to loss from operations, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, is presented below for the periods indicated. 

Year Ended August 31, 

in thousands) 

2021 

2020 

2019 

GAAP Loss from Operations 

(15,366 

(28,655 

(14,151 

Share-based compensation expense 

12,877 

21,108 

2,070 

Amortization of intangible assets 

15,954 

15,975 

15,884 

Change in fair value of contingent earnout liability 

293 

133 

628 

Non-GAAP Income from Operations 

13,758 

8,561 

4,431 

67 

Non-GAAP Net Income (Loss). We define Non-GAAP Net Income as GAAP net loss before amortization of share-based compensation expense amortization of intangible assets and change in fair value of contingent earnout liability. We believe Non-GAAP Net Income provides investors and other users of our financial information consistency and comparability with our past financial performance and facilitates period-to-period comparisons of operations. Non-GAAP Net Income was 10.7 million, 6.7 million, and 2.2 million for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. A reconciliation of Non-GAAP Net Income to net loss, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, is presented below for the periods indicated. 

Year Ended 
 August 31, 

in thousands) 

2021 

Per Share 

2020 

2019 

GAAP Net Loss (1) 

(16,931 

(0.13 

(29,932 

(16,896 

Add: GAAP tax provision 

1,896 

1,562 

1,150 

GAAP pre-tax loss 

(15,035 

(28,370 

(15,746 

Share-based compensation expense 

12,877 

21,108 

2,070 

Amortization of intangible assets 

15,954 

15,975 

15,884 

Change in fair value of contingent earnout liability 

293 

133 

628 

Non-GAAP pre-tax income 

14,089 

8,846 

2,836 

Non-GAAP tax provision applied at a 24 tax rate (2) 

3,381 

2,123 

681 

Non-GAAP Net Income (1) 

10,708 

0.08 

6,723 

2,155 

Shares used in computing Non-GAAP income per share 
 amounts: (1) 

GAAP weighted-average shares - basic and diluted 

131,114,791 

Non-GAAP dilutive shares excluded from GAAP 
 loss per share calculation 

3,022,585 

Non-GAAP weighted-average shares - diluted 

134,137,376 

68 

1) 
 
 Prior to the Company s initial public offering in August 2020, there were no shares of common stock outstanding, and the membership structure of the Company consisted of limited partnership units. GAAP and Non-GAAP earnings per share for fiscal year 2020 has not been presented as it resulted in a value that would not be meaningful to the users of these financial statements because it only reflected the operations of the Company for the 17-day period subsequent to the IPO. 

2) 
 
 Our GAAP tax provision is primarily related to state taxes and income taxes in profitable foreign jurisdictions. We maintain a full valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets in the U.S. For purposes of determining our Non-GAAP Net Income, we have applied a tax rate of 24 which represents our estimated effective tax rate once we are profitable on a GAAP basis. 

 SaaS Net Dollar Retention Rate. We calculate SaaS Net Dollar Retention Rate by annualizing SaaS revenue recorded in the last month of the measurement period for those revenue-generating customers in place throughout the entire measurement period (the latest twelve-month period). We divide the result by annualized SaaS revenue from the month that is immediately prior to the beginning of the measurement period, for all revenue-generating customers in place at the beginning of the measurement period. Our SaaS Net Dollar Retention Rate was 120 , 117 , and 114 for fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. Our calculation excludes one existing contract for a service no longer offered on a standalone basis by the Company. We believe SaaS Net Dollar Retention Rate is an important metric for the Company because, in addition to providing a measure of retention, it indicates our ability to grow revenue within existing customer accounts. SaaS Net Dollar Retention Rate is included in a set of metrics that we calculate quarterly to review with management as well as periodically with members of our board of directors. 
 SaaS Annual Recurring Revenue SaaS ARR . We calculate SaaS ARR by annualizing the recurring subscription revenue recognized in the last month of the measurement period (the latest twelve-month period). Our SaaS ARR was 135.3 million, 95.6 million, and 51.7 million, for fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. Our calculation excludes one existing contract for a service no longer offered on a standalone basis by the Company. We believe SaaS ARR provides important information about our ability to acquire new subscription SaaS customers and to maintain and expand our relationship with existing subscription SaaS customers. SaaS ARR is included in a set of metrics that we calculate quarterly to review with management as well as periodically with members of our board of directors. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 The following summarizes our contractual obligations as of August 31, 2021: 

Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 

in thousands) 

Total 

2022 

2023 

2024 

2025 

Thereafter 

Operating lease obligations(1) 

28,718 

5,112 

5,062 

5,083 

4,648 

8,813 

Debt obligations(2) 

Contingent earn-out(3) 

5,462 

5,462 

Purchase obligations(4) 

15,360 

9,828 

5,452 

74 

6 

Total 

49,540 

20,402 

10,514 

5,157 

4,654 

8,813 

(1) 
 
 We lease our facilities under operating lease agreements that expire at various dates through 2028. Rent expenses for leased facilities of 4.8 million, 4.9 million, and 4.4 million were recognized for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

(2) 
 
 Our debt consists of borrowings under our revolving credit facility, and two irrevocable standby letters of credit against our revolving credit facility. As of August 31, 2021, we had no outstanding borrowing under our revolving credit facility and had 29.1 million principal amount of availability under our revolving credit facility. 

(3) 
 
 Our contingent earn-out was due to an obligation to make additional payments to the sellers in connection with the achievement of performance levels over the three years subsequent to our acquisition of Outline Systems LLC in October 2018. 

(4) 
 
 Our purchase obligations comprise non-cancelable agreements for cloud infrastructure services with Microsoft and software subscriptions with third-party vendors. 

 69 

Indebtedness 
 On October 4, 2016, we entered into a credit agreement with a group of lenders for a revolving credit facility with a maximum borrowing capacity of 30.0 million that was originally scheduled to mature on October 4, 2019. On October 2, 2019, we amended certain of the financial covenants and extended our credit agreement for two years to a maturity date of October 2, 2021. Our revolving credit facility is guaranteed by the Operating Partnership and certain of its domestic subsidiaries and secured by substantially all of our tangible and intangible assets. Interest accrues on our revolving credit facility at a variable rate based upon the type of borrowing made by us. Loans under our revolving credit facility bear interest at a rate of LIBOR plus an applicable margin, or incur interest at the higher of: (i) the Prime Rate, (2) the Fed Funds Rate plus 0.5 , or (3) LIBOR plus 1.0 , plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin ranges from 2.0 to 3.0 depending on the interest rate basis and type of borrowing elected (eurocurrency rate loan, base rate loan, swing rate loan or letter of credit). For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2020, the effective interest rate under our revolving credit agreement was 6.9 . In addition to interest on our revolving credit facility, we pay a commitment fee of 0.5 per annum on the unused portion of our revolving credit facility, as well as customary letter of credit fees. Repayment of any amounts borrowed are not required until maturity of our revolving credit facility, however we may repay any amounts borrowed at any time, without premium or penalty. 
 The credit agreement contains a number of customary restrictive covenants, including limits on additional indebtedness, the creation of liens and limits on making certain investments. Limits on our revolving credit facility also require compliance with the following ratios: maintaining a minimum level of consolidated EBITDA (ranging from 5.0 million to 12.0 million depending on the applicable four quarter period), and maintaining a leverage ratio that does not exceed 3.25:1.00. We were in compliance with these financial and nonfinancial covenants as of August 31, 2021. 
 We incurred 0.3 million of costs directly related to obtaining our revolving credit facility which have been recorded as deferred financing fees and are amortized to interest expense on a straight-line basis over the term of our revolving credit facility. During fiscal 2017, we executed an irrevocable standby letter of credit totaling 0.8 million against our revolving credit facility in lieu of a cash security deposit for one of our office leases. Two additional irrevocable standby letters of credit were executed during fiscal 2019 for 0.2 million and 0.1 million, respectively, against our revolving credit facility in lieu of cash deposits for two of our office leases. In fiscal 2020, the 0.2 million letter of credit was reduced by 0.1 million. Apart from the letters of credit, we did not have any borrowings outstanding on our revolving credit facility as of August 31, 2021 or 2020. 
 On October 22, 2021, the revolving credit facility was amended resulting in an extension of the maturity date to October 22, 2026, an increase in the borrowing capacity from 30.0 million to 45.0 million and the removal of the financial covenant relating to consolidated EBITDA. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in Regulation S-K, Item 303(a)(4)(ii) promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Act, in fiscal 2021, 2020 or 2019. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The process of preparing our financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires the use of estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. These estimates and judgments are based on historical experience, future expectations and other factors and assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. The most significant estimates and judgments are reviewed on an ongoing basis and are revised when necessary. Actual amounts may differ from these estimates and judgments. A summary of our significant accounting policies is contained in Note 2 of our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 70 

Revenue Recognition 
 Revenue recognition requires judgment and the use of estimates, especially in evaluating non-standard terms related to subscription arrangements with customers and their effect on recorded revenue. 
 We derive revenues primarily from four sources: 

selling subscriptions to our SaaS solutions 

licensing our on-premise software applications 

providing maintenance and support services and 

providing professional services. 

 The estimates and assumptions requiring significant judgment under our revenue recognition policy in accordance with FASB ASC 606 are as follows: 
 Determine the transaction price 
 The transaction price is determined based on the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for transferring products or services to the customer. Variable consideration is included in the transaction price if, in our judgment, it is probable that no significant future reversal of cumulative revenue under the contract will occur. The sale of our software and SaaS solutions may include variable consideration relating to changes in a customer s DWP managed by these solutions. We estimate variable consideration based on historical DWP usage to the extent that a significant revenue reversal is not probable to occur. 
 In instances where the timing of revenue recognition differs from the timing of invoicing, we have determined that our contracts generally do not include a significant financing component. The primary purpose of our invoicing terms is to provide customers with simplified and predictable ways of purchasing our products and services, not to receive financing from customers or to provide customers with financing. 
 Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract 
 If the contract contains a single performance obligation, the entire transaction price is allocated to the single performance obligation. Contracts that contain multiple performance obligations require an allocation of the transaction price to each performance obligation based on a relative standalone selling price SSP ). 
 The determination of SSP involves judgment. It is typically based on the observable prices of the promised goods or services charged when sold separately to customers, which are determined using contractually stated prices. In instances where SSP is not directly observable, we determine SSP based on our overall pricing objectives, taking into consideration market conditions and other factors, including customer size and geography. The various products and services comprising contracts with multiple performance obligations are typically capable of being distinct and accounted for as separate performance obligations. We allocate revenue to each of the performance obligations included in a contract with multiple performance obligations at the inception of the contract. 
 The SSP for perpetual or term-based software licenses sold in contracts with multiple performance obligations is determined using the residual approach. We utilize the residual approach because the selling prices for software licenses is highly variable and a SSP is generally not discernible from past transactions or other observable evidence. Periodically, we evaluate whether the use of the residual approach remains appropriate for performance obligations associated with software licenses when sold as part of contracts with multiple performance obligations. As a result, if the SSP analysis illustrates that the selling prices for software licenses are no longer highly variable, we utilize the relative allocation method for such arrangements. 
 71 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 A summary of recent accounting pronouncements and our assessment of any expected impact of these pronouncements if known is included in Note 2 of our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business, including interest rate and foreign currency exchange risks. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 As of August 31, 2021, our cash balance did not include any cash equivalents or restricted cash, and we had no outstanding indebtedness under our revolving credit facility. 
 To date, we have not been exposed, nor do we anticipate being exposed, to material risks due to changes in interest rates. A hypothetical 10 change in interest rates during any of the periods presented would not have had a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 Our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar, and the functional currency of each of our subsidiaries is the U.S. dollar. Gains or losses due to transactions in foreign currencies are included in Other Income (Expense) in our consolidated statements of operations. We have not engaged in the hedging of foreign currency transactions to date, although we may choose to do so in the future. We do not believe that a 10 increase or decrease in the relative value of the U.S. dollar to other currencies would have a material effect on operating results. Historically, we have not hedged any foreign currency exposures. 
 72 

Item 8. Financial Statement s and Supplementary Data. 

Page 

Duck Creek Technologies, Inc. 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

74 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2021 and 2020 

77 

7 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended August 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

78 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended August 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

78 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity/Redeemable Partners Interest and Partners Capital for the years ended August 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

80 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended August 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

81 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

82 

73 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors Duck Creek Technologies, Inc.: 
 Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Duck Creek Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity/redeemable partners interest and partners capital, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended August 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended August 31, 2021, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2021 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has changed its method of accounting for leases as of September 1, 2019 due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 74 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Evaluation of revenue contracts with non-standard terms 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, revenue was derived from sales of hosted software services under subscription arrangements, software licenses, maintenance and support services, and professional services. The Company recognized total revenue of 260.4 million for the year ended August 31, 2021. Of this amount, 125.3 million related to sales of subscription arrangements. Subscription arrangements generally have terms of three to seven years and are generally payable on a monthly basis over the contract term. Revenue for subscription arrangements is recognized ratably using contractual direct written premium as the measure of progress. 
 We identified the sufficiency of audit evidence over revenue contracts with non-standard terms related to subscription arrangements as a critical audit matter. This matter required a higher degree of auditor judgment to determine the nature and extent of procedures to perform over non-standard terms in contracts and amendments. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We applied auditor judgment to determine the nature and extent of procedures to be performed over subscription arrangement revenue. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of an internal control over the Company s subscription arrangement revenue process relating to the identification of non-standard contract terms. For a sample of revenue transactions, we developed expectations of the revenue recognized based on the terms in contracts and amendments and compared them to the amounts recorded by the Company. We also evaluated the overall sufficiency of the audit evidence over revenue by assessing the results of our procedures. 
 75 

/s/ KPMG LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 
 Boston, Massachusetts October 29, 2021 

76 

DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except share information) 

As of August 31, 

2021 

2020 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term investments 

Accounts receivable, net 

Unbilled revenue 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease assets 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Deferred tax assets 

Unbilled revenue, net of current portion 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Contingent earnout liability 

Lease liability 

Deferred revenue 

Total current liabilities 

Contingent earnout liability, net of current portion 

Lease liability, net of current portion 

Deferred revenue, net of current portion 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) 

Stockholders' equity 

Common stock, shares issued and shares outstanding at August 31, 2021, shares issued and shares outstanding at August 31, 2020, shares authorized at August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020, par value per share 

Preferred stock, shares outstanding, shares authorized at August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020, par value per share 

Treasury stock, common shares at cost shares at August 31, 2021 and 
 shares at August 31, 2020 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Additional paid in capital 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 77 

DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (In thousands, except per share information) 

Year Ended August 31, 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Revenue: 

Subscription 

License 

Maintenance and support 

Professional services 

Total revenue 

Cost of revenue: 

Subscription 

License 

Maintenance and support 

Professional services 

Total cost of revenue 

Gross margin 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense), net 

Interest expense, net 

Loss before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

Net loss per share information 1 

Net loss per share of common stock, basic and diluted 

Weighted average shares of common stock, basic and diluted 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

78 

DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 (In thousands) 

For the Year Ended August 31, 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities 

Total other comprehensive gain 

Comprehensive loss 

79 

DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity/Redeemable Partners Interest and Partners Capital 
 (In thousands, except share information) 

Total 
 redeemable 
 partners 
 interest 
 and partners' 

Common stock 

Treasury Stock 

Additional 
 paid-in 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive 

Accumulated 

Non- 
 controlling 

Total 
 stockholders' 
 equity/ 
 redeemable 
 partners' 
 interest and 
 partners' 

capital 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

capital 

Income 

deficit 

interests 

capital 

Balance at August 31, 2018 

Class C Units issued in connection with 
 business combination 

Equity-based compensation 

Net loss 

Balance at August 31, 2019 

Class E Units issued, net of issuance costs 

Class A Units redeemed prior to the 
 Reorganization Transactions 

Class B Units redeemed prior to the 
 Reorganization Transactions 

Share-based compensation expense prior to Reorganzation Transactions 

Net loss prior to Reorganization Transactions 

Reorganization Transactions: 

Exchange of LP interests for common stock and 
 initial effect of Reorganization Transactions 
 on non-controlling interest 

Initial Public Offering Transactions: 

Issuance of common stock for IPO net of underwriting discounts and offering costs 

Purchase of common stock from Apax 

Purchase of non-controlling interests in Operating Partnership from Accenture and RBW 

Issuance of common stock upon RSA's vesting 

Share based compensation expense subsequent to Reorganzation Transactions 

Net loss subsequent to Reorganization Transactions 

Balance at August 31, 2020 

Net loss 

Proceeds from follow-on offering, net of issuance costs 

Repurchase of common stock 

Share-based compensation expense 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options 

Vesting of restricted stock awards 

Unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities 

Balance at August 31, 2021 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 80 

DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 

Year Ended August 31, 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation of property and equipment 

Amortization of capitalized software 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Impairment of right of use asset 

Impairment of leasehold improvements 

Amortization of deferred financing fees 

Share-based compensation expense 

Loss on change in fair value of contingent earnout liability 

Payment on contingent earnout liability in excess of acquisition date fair value 

Changes to allowance for credit losses 

Deferred taxes 

Other non-cash items 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable 

Unbilled revenue 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Deferred rent 

Operating leases 

Cash settlement of vested phantom stock 

Other long-term liabilities 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

Investing activities: 

Acquisition of Outline Systems LLC 

Acquisition of CedeRight Products 

Purchase of short-term investments 

Maturities of short-term investments 

Capitalized internal-use software 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Financing activities: 

Proceeds from IPO 

Proceeds from follow-on offering, net of issuance costs 

Payment of deferred IPO costs 

Payment of deferred Class E offering costs 

Proceeds from issuance of Class E Units, net of issuance costs 

Payment on redemption of Class A and Class B Units 

Purchase of non-controlling interest 

Purchase of treasury stock 

Proceeds from stock option exercises 

Payments of contingent earnout liability 

Proceeds from revolving credit facility 

Payments on revolving credit facility 

Payment of deferred offering costs 

Payment of deferred financing costs 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of other cash flow information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash paid for interest 

Purchases of property and equipment recorded in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Fair value of contingent consideration 

Deferred IPO costs in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Deferred Class E offering costs in accrued expenses 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 81 

DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (amounts in thousands except unit and per unit and share and per share amounts) shares of common stock (including shares issued pursuant to the exercise in full of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares) at a public offering price of per share for net proceeds of million, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions, and estimated offering expenses. 
 The Company used (i) million of the net proceeds received from the IPO to redeem all of the outstanding LP Units of the Operating Partnership retained by Accenture plc (Accenture) and RBW Investment GmbH & Co. (RBW), after giving effect to the contributions that were part of the Reorganization Transactions, at a redemption price per LP Unit equal to the IPO price less underwriting discounts and commissions, (ii) million of the net proceeds received from the IPO to repurchase from Apax Partners L.P. (Apax) a portion of the shares in the Company received by Apax in the Reorg Merger (as described below) at a repurchase price per share equal to the IPO price less underwriting discounts and commissions, and (iii) million of net proceeds received from the IPO to cash settle outstanding equity awards of certain international employees. 
 Reorganization Transactions 
 The Company and the Operating Partnership completed a series of transactions concurrently with or immediately following the completion of the IPO (Reorganization Transactions) which are described below: 

The Company adopted an amended and restated certification of incorporation that authorized, immediately prior to the IPO, one class of common stock and one class of preferred stock. 

Apax contributed the entity that held all of Apax s equity interests in the Operating Partnership and all of Apax s interest in the general partner of the Operating Partnership (General Partner) to a newly-formed Cayman company (the Reorg Subsidiary) in exchange for shares in the Reorg Subsidiary. 
 
 82 
 
 DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (amounts in thousands except unit and per unit and share and per share amounts) 
 
 83 
 
 DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (amounts in thousands except unit and per unit and share and per share amounts) 
 million, representing the present value of the minimum rental payments remaining as of the adoption date, a reduction of the deferred rent liability of million and operating lease assets in the amount of million. The Company did not have any finance leases (formerly referred to as capital leases prior to the adoption of ASC 842), therefore there was no change in accounting treatment required). 
 
 Other Accounting Pronouncements Recently Adopted 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments (ASU 2016-13). The new standard requires companies to measure credit losses utilizing a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires a consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates. The Company adopted this new standard on September 1, 2020. The impact to the consolidated financial statements as a result of adoption was not material. 
 In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-04, Intangibles Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment (ASU 2017-04). This new guidance simplifies the subsequent measurement of goodwill by eliminating Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. Under the new standard, entities will perform goodwill impairment tests by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount and recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit s fair value. The Company adopted this new standard on September 1, 2020. The impact to the consolidated financial statements as a result of adoption was not material. 
 In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-15, Customer s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That is a Service Contract (ASU 2018-15). This new guidance requires a customer in a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract to follow the internal-use software guidance in Accounting Standards Codification 350-40 to determine which implementation costs to defer and recognize as an asset. ASU 2018-15 generally aligns the guidance on recognizing implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract with that for implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software, including hosting arrangements that include an internal-use software license. The Company adopted this new standard on September 1, 2020. The impact to the consolidated financial statements as a result of adoption was not material. 
 84 
 
 DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (amounts in thousands except unit and per unit and share and per share amounts) 
 
 85 
 
 DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (amounts in thousands except unit and per unit and share and per share amounts) 

All other 

Total revenue 

Subscription Arrangements 
 The transaction price allocated to subscription arrangements is recognized as revenue over time throughout the term of the contract as the services are provided on a continuous basis, beginning after the SaaS environment is provisioned and made available to customers. The Company s subscription arrangements generally have terms of to and are generally payable on a monthly basis over the term of the subscription arrangement, which is typically noncancelable. Revenue is recognized ratably using contractual DWP as the measure of progress. 
 86 
 
 DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (amounts in thousands except unit and per unit and share and per share amounts) 
 
 87 
 
 DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (amounts in thousands except unit and per unit and share and per share amounts) 
 million, million and million, respectively, of the Company s unbilled revenue balance that was included in the corresponding unbilled revenue balance at the beginning of the period presented became an unconditional right to payment and was billed to its customers. 
 The Company also recognized revenue that was included in the corresponding deferred revenue balance at the beginning of the period presented. For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the Company recognized revenue of million, million and million, respectively, that was included in the corresponding deferred revenue balance at the beginning of the period presented . 
 Transaction Price Allocated to the Remaining Performance Obligations 
 Remaining performance obligations represent contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized, which includes deferred revenue and amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in future periods. As of August 31, 2021, approximately million of revenue is expected to be recognized from remaining performance obligations in the amount of approximately million in fiscal 2022 and approximately million thereafter. The estimated revenues do not include unexercised contract renewals. The Company applied the practical expedient in accordance with ASC 606 to exclude amounts related to professional services contracts that are on a time and materials basis. 
 88 
 
 DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (amounts in thousands except unit and per unit and share and per share amounts) 
 or less. 
 The Company has estimated that the typical period of benefit for its contracts is years, based on both qualitative and quantitative factors, including product lifecycle attributes and historical customer retention data. The Company assesses deferred contract costs for impairment on an annual basis. Amortization expense associated with deferred contract costs are recorded within selling, general, and administrative expenses on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Deferred contract costs are included within other assets on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 The Company does not incur up-front, direct fulfillment-related costs of a nature required to be capitalized and amortized. days or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. At August 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company did t have any cash equivalents or restricted cash. days of receipt by a customer. million and million as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. or less from the balance sheet date, and as long-term when the investment has a remaining contractual maturity of more than from the balance sheet date. The Company records investments at fair value with unrealized gains and losses recorded as a component of other comprehensive income (loss). 
 89 
 
 DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (amounts in thousands except unit and per unit and share and per share amounts) 
 to . , , and of the Company s revenue for the years ended August 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 For customer concentration purposes, customers are assessed two ways: individual entities (customers) and combining customers that are under common control (consolidated entities). The Company had single customer that accounted for over of total revenue in fiscal 2021 or 2020 but consolidated entity that represented approximately of total revenue in 2020. In fiscal 2019, a single customer accounted for of total revenue and consolidated entity represented approximately of total revenue. 
 
 As of August 31, 2021, customer individually accounted for approximately of accounts receivable. As of August 31, 2020, customers individually accounted for approximately and of accounts receivable, respectively. other customer individually accounted for more than of the Company s accounts receivable for these reporting periods. 

Furniture and fixtures 

Office equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. Expenditures for renewals or betterments are capitalized. 
 90 
 
 DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (amounts in thousands except unit and per unit and share and per share amounts) 
 from the acquisition date, if new information is obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments to the fair value of these assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with a corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, subsequent adjustments, if any, are recorded to the Company s consolidated statements of operations. reporting unit for purposes of its annual impairment evaluation. The Company has the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of its reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. If the Company determines that it is more likely than not that the fair value of its reporting unit is less than the carrying amount, or opts not to perform a qualitative assessment, then the goodwill impairment test will be performed. The first step, identifying a potential impairment, compares the fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying amount. If the carrying amount exceeds its fair value, the second step will be performed otherwise, no the second step is not required. The second step, measuring the impairment loss, compares the implied fair value of the reporting unit s goodwill with its carrying amount. Any excess of the goodwill carrying amount over the implied fair value is recognized as an impairment loss, and the carrying value of goodwill is written down to fair value. impairment losses associated with goodwill impairment have been recorded by the Company to date. 
 91 
 
 DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (amounts in thousands except unit and per unit and share and per share amounts) 
 impairments of long-lived assets, including acquired intangible assets, during the years ended August 31, 20 21 and 201 9 . are recognized on the consolidated balance sheet as operating lease assets, lease liabilities and, if applicable, long-term lease 
 92 
 
 DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (amounts in thousands except unit and per unit and share and per share amounts) 
 , the Company acquired all of the outstanding equity interests of Outline Systems LLC (Outline) for total consideration of million. The consideration consisted of cash totaling million, Class C Units valued at million and the fair value of contingent consideration of million (Outline Earnout). The acquisition presented the Company with an opportunity to add distribution management software to its current product offerings as well as distribution management experts to its current team. 
 The transaction was accounted for as a business combination as Outline contained inputs and processes that were capable of being operated as a business. In accordance with the acquisition method of accounting, the purchase price paid has been allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values on the date of the acquisition. The following tables present the consideration paid and the allocation of the consideration paid for the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date: 

Fair value of Class C Units 

Estimated fair value of contingent consideration 

93 
 
 DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (amounts in thousands except unit and per unit and share and per share amounts) 

Unbilled receivables 

Intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Other assets 

Total assets acquired 

Accrued liabilities and accounts payable 

Deferred revenue 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities assumed 

Acquisition consideration paid 

Acquired intangible assets include completed technology of million with a useful life of and customer relationships of million with a useful life of years. The intangible assets are being amortized on a straight-line basis, which reflects the pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangible assets are being utilized. The goodwill of million arising from the acquisition is the result of having a workforce in place, expected synergies, access to working capital and improved vendor and customer relations. 
 As part of the Outline Earnout, the sellers can receive up to million in additional payments related to the achievement of a target level of sales value over the period subsequent to the acquisition. The sales value will be measured each year, and payments will be made to the sellers to the extent earned. 
 The fair value of the Outline Earnout was estimated using an income-based approach to determine the risk-neutral expected earnout payment for each year. The expected payments were then discounted to determine the fair value as of the acquisition date. The Company re-values the Outline Earnout at each subsequent reporting period and recognizes the change in fair value in the accompanying statements of operations. 
 The Company has not furnished pro forma financial information relating to Outline because such information is not material to the Company s financial results. 
 Contingent Earnout Liability 

Acquisition date fair value 

Change in fair value, including accretion 

Payments to sellers 

Balance at August 31, 2019 

Change in fair value, including accretion 

Payments to sellers 

Balance at August 31, 2020 

Change in fair value, including accretion 

Payments to sellers 

Balance at August 31, 2021 

The final earnout payment relating to the Yodil acquisition was made in January 2019. The total cumulative earnout paid to the Yodil sellers was million. The final earnout payment relating to the CedeRight 
 94 
 
 DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (amounts in thousands except unit and per unit and share and per share amounts) 
 million. 

Total 

The Company has recorded the securities at fair value in its consolidated balance sheet and unrealized gains and losses are reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). The amount of realized gains and losses reclassified into earnings are based on the specific identification of the securities sold or securities that reached maturity date. There were sales and maturities of securities for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021. The remaining securities will mature before the end of the second quarter of fiscal year 2022. There were available-for-sale investment balances as of August 31, 2020. 
 Fair Value 
 The Company measures certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value. Fair value is determined based upon the exit price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants, as determined by either the principal market or the most advantageous market. 
 Inputs used in the valuation techniques to derive fair values are classified based on a three-level hierarchy, as follows: 

Level 1 Inputs: Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities accessible to the reporting entity at the measurement date. 

Level 2 Inputs: Other than quoted prices included in Level 1 inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset or liability. 

Level 3 Inputs: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability used to measure fair value to the extent that observable inputs are not available, thereby allowing for situations in which there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability at measurement date. 

Total assets 

Liabilities: 

Liability classified awards 

Contingent earnout liability 

Total liabilities 

95 
 
 DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (amounts in thousands except unit and per unit and share and per share amounts) 

Contingent earnout liability 

Total liabilities 

The contingent earnout liability related to business combinations is recorded at fair value on the acquisition date and is adjusted each reporting period for changes in fair value, which can result from changes in anticipated payments and changes in assumed discount periods and rates. These inputs are unobservable in the market and therefore categorized as level 3 inputs as defined above. Quoted prices for liability classified stock appreciation rights are not readily available. Accordingly, the Company uses a Black-Scholes model to estimate the fair value of these awards, which utilizes level three inputs. 

Additions due to new awards 

Net change in the fair value 

Cash settlement of awards 

Balance as of August 31, 2021 

The Company had assets measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis as of August 31, 2020 and 2019. 

Computer, software, and licenses 

Other 

Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 

96 
 
 DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (amounts in thousands except unit and per unit and share and per share amounts) 

Internal-use software 

Computer equipment 

Furniture and fixtures 

Office equipment 

Assets under construction 

Total property and equipment 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense related to property and equipment was million, million and million for the years ended August 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 The Company has determined the useful life of capitalized internal-use software to be . Amortization expense related to internal-use software was million for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021, million for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2020, and for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019 . Lease renewals are not assumed in the determination of the lease term until the exercise of the renewals are deemed to be reasonably certain. For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021, the Company incurred million of operating lease expense and million of short term lease expense resulting in total lease expense of million. For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2020, the Company incurred million of operating lease expense and million of short term lease expense resulting in total lease expense of million. 
 Rent expense, which was recognized on a straight-line basis over the terms of the various leases, was million for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019 based on the previous lease accounting standard. 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, the Company closed its London, Barcelona, Chandigarh, and Columbia offices. As a result of these decisions, the Company recorded an impairment in the amount of million, consisting of million of right of use assets and million of leasehold improvements, which is included in general and administrative expense on the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended August 31, 2021. 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, the Company closed its New Jersey office. The Company also closed one floor of its South Carolina office. 
 As a result of these decisions, the Company recorded an impairment in the amount of million, consisting of million of right of use assets and million of leasehold improvements, which is included in general and administrative expense on the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended August 31, 2020. During the third quarter of fiscal 2021, the Company recorded a million gain on the derecognition of a lease liability resulting from a sublease transaction for the South Carolina office. This gain is included in other income (expense), net on the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended August 31, 2021. 
 97 
 
 DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (amounts in thousands except unit and per unit and share and per share amounts) 

2023 

2024 

2025 

Thereafter 

Total future lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

Total lease liability balance 

Current portion of lease liabilities 

Non-current portion of lease liabilities 

Total lease liabilities 

Weighted average remaining lease term (years) 

5.2 

7.1 

Weighted average discount rate 

Supplemental cash and non-cash information related to operating leases was as follows: 

Year Ended 
 August 31, 
 2021 

Year Ended 
 August 31, 
 2020 

Cash payments for operating leases 

Operating lease assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities 

98 
 
 DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (amounts in thousands except unit and per unit and share and per share amounts) 
 million carrying amount of goodwill since August 31, 2019. 

5.3 years 

Acquired technology 

1.8 years 

Trademarks and tradenames 

4.8 years 

Domain name 

4.8 years 

Backlog 

0.8 years 

August 31, 2020 

Gross 
 carrying 
 amount 

Accumulated 
 amortization 

Net carrying 
 amount 

Weighted 
 average 
 remaining 
 life 

Customer relationships 

6.5 years 

Acquired technology 

years 

Trademarks and tradenames 

years 

Domain name 

years 

Backlog 

years 

Amortization expense was million, million and million for the years ended August 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Amortization expense is recorded on a straight line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Amortization expense associated with the backlog intangible asset is classified as a reduction of revenue in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 and thereafter 

Total 

99 
 
 DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (amounts in thousands except unit and per unit and share and per share amounts) 

Denominator 

Weighted average shares of common stock - basic and diluted 

Net loss per share - basic and diluted 

As of August 31, 2021, shares outstanding of potential common stock, prior to the use of the treasury stock method, were excluded from the computation of diluted weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding because their effect would have been antidilutive. 
 
 Prior to the IPO, there were shares of common stock outstanding, and the membership structure of Duck Creek Technologies consisted of limited partnership units. Basic earnings per share is applicable only for the period from August 14, 2020 through August 31, 2020, which is the period following the IPO and related Reorganization Transactions (as described in Note 1) and presents the period that the Company had outstanding common stock. 

Net loss attributable to the Operating Partnership before the Reorganization Transactions 

Net loss attributable to Duck Creek Technologies, Inc. 

Denominator 

Weighted average shares of common stock - basic and diluted 

Net loss per share - basic and diluted 

The Company analyzed the calculation of earnings per unit for periods prior to the IPO and determined that it resulted in values that would not be meaningful to the users of these consolidated financial statements. Therefore, earnings per share information has not been presented for any period prior to August 31, 2020. 
 
 As of August 31, 2020, shares outstanding of potential common stock, prior to the use of the treasury stock method, were excluded from the computation of diluted weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding because their effect would have been antidilutive. 

Other noncurrent assets 

Total other assets 

100 
 
 DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (amounts in thousands except unit and per unit and share and per share amounts) 
 million, million and million for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and there was impairment loss in relation to the costs capitalized. 

Allowance for credit losses 

Accounts receivable, net 

Net changes to credit losses 

Write-offs, net 

Allowance, August 31, 2021 

Accrued hosting fees 

Accrued vacation 

Accrued commissions 

Accrued professional service fees 

Liability-classified phantom units and SARs 

Accrued withholding taxes 

Other 

Total accrued liabilities 

to . The million maximum borrowing capacity under the revolving credit facility was unchanged. 
 The revolving credit facility is secured by substantially all of the Company s tangible assets. , or (3) LIBOR plus , plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin ranges from to depending on the interest rate basis and type of borrowing elected. In addition to interest on the revolving credit facility, the Company pays a commitment fee of per annum on the unused portion of the revolving credit facility. Repayment of any amounts 
 101 
 
 DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (amounts in thousands except unit and per unit and share and per share amounts) 
 
 There was outstanding balance under the revolving credit facility at August 31, 2021 and August 30, 2020. Letters of credit of million and million under the revolving credit facility were outstanding as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 On October 22, 2021, the revolving credit facility was amended resulting in an extension of the maturity date to , an increase in the borrowing capacity from million to million, and the removal of the financial covenant relating to consolidated EBITDA. 
 
 102 
 
 DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (amounts in thousands except unit and per unit and share and per share amounts) 
 to , one time taxation of offshore earnings at reduced rates regardless of whether they are repatriated (Transition Tax), and a repeal of the corporate alternative minimum tax. The 2017 Tax Act also establishes new tax laws that will affect later years including, but not limited to, a general limitation of U.S. federal income taxes on dividends from foreign subsidiaries, net operating loss deduction limitations, a base erosion, anti-tax abuse tax (BEAT) and a new provision designed to tax global intangible low-taxed income (GILTI). 
 The Company has concluded that it will not be subject to the Transition Tax, and it does not provide deferred taxes on unremitted earnings of its foreign subsidiaries as it intends to indefinitely reinvest those earnings. Further, the Company has made a policy decision to record GILTI tax as a current period expense when, and if, incurred. 

Foreign 

Loss before income taxes 

Foreign 

Total current tax expense 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Foreign 

Total deferred tax (benefit) expense 

Total provision for income taxes 

103 
 
 DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (amounts in thousands except unit and per unit and share and per share amounts) 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Permanent differences 

Share-based compensation 

Non-deductible officer's compensation 

Federal research and development credits 

Foreign rate differential 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total income tax expense 

Intangible assets 

Tax credits 

Other nondeductible expenses 

Share-based compensation 

Interest expense carryforward 

Lease liabilities 

Other 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Less valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets 

Liabilities: 

Deferred revenue 

Intangible assets 

Operating lease assets 

Capitalized items 

Depreciation 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Total net deferred tax assets 

The Company recognizes a net deferred tax asset for the future benefit of tax losses, tax credit carryforwards, and other deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is more likely than not that these assets will be realized. In evaluating the Company s ability to recover these deferred tax assets, the Company considers all available positive and negative evidence, including its past operating results, the existence of cumulative income in the most recent years, changes in the business, the projected reversal of existing deferred tax liabilities, its forecast of future taxable income, and the availability of tax planning strategies. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. 
 As of the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company evaluated the likelihood that it would realize its deferred tax assets and concluded that a valuation allowance is necessary, except in certain foreign subsidiaries which generate income. The valuation allowance increased by million for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021 primarily due to operating losses generated during the year, tax credits, and other non-deductible expenses. The valuation allowance increased by million for the fiscal year ended August 31, 
 104 
 
 DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (amounts in thousands except unit and per unit and share and per share amounts) 
 million and million, respectively. U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards of million have no expiration date and will be carried forward indefinitely until used. The remaining U.S. federal and U.S. state net operating loss carryforwards expire at various dates beginning in 2032. As of August 31, 2021, the Company had foreign net operating loss carryforwards of million that can be carried forward indefinitely. The Company also had U.S. federal research and development credit carryforwards of million, U.S. state research and development credit carryforwards of million and a state investment tax credit carryforward of million as of August 31, 2021. These credit carryforwards expire at various dates beginning in 2030. 
 Utilization of the net operating loss and research and development credit carryforwards may be subject to a substantial annual limitation under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code due to ownership change limitations that have occurred previously or that could occur in the future. These ownership changes may limit the amount of net operating loss and research and development credit carryforwards that can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income and tax, respectively. The Company is in the process of preparing a 382 assessment and does not expect there to be a material impact on the utilization of its available carryforwards. The Company does not expect to be precluded from realizing the net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits but may be limited in the amount it could use in any given tax year in the event that the federal and state taxable income exceeds the limitation imposed by Section 382. The amount of the annual limitation is determined based on the Company s value immediately prior to the ownership change. Subsequent ownership changes may further affect the limitation in future years. 

No change - current year and prior year tax positions 

Balance at August 31, 2020 

No change - current year and prior year tax positions 

Balance at August 31, 2021 

The Company accounts for uncertain tax positions using a more-likely than-not threshold for recognizing and resolving uncertain tax positions. The evaluation of uncertain tax positions is based on factors that include, but are not limited to, changes in tax law, the measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in tax returns, the effective settlement of matters subject to audit, new audit activity, and changes in facts or circumstances related to a tax position. The Company evaluates uncertain tax positions on an annual basis and adjusts the level of the liability to reflect any subsequent changes in the relevant facts surrounding the uncertain positions. The Company elected an accounting policy to record interest and penalties related to income taxes as a component of income tax expense. There were changes in uncertain tax positions in fiscal year 2021 or 2020. During the next 12 months, the Company does not expect any material changes to its uncertain tax positions other than the accrual of interest in the normal course of business. 
 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to examination by U.S. federal and certain state and foreign taxing authorities. All tax periods remain subject to income tax examinations as of August 31, 2021. The statute of limitations for these jurisdictions is generally to . However, to the extent that the Company utilizes net operation losses or other similar carryforward attributes such as credits, the statute remains open to the extent of the net operation losses or credits that are utilized. 
 105 
 
 DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (amounts in thousands except unit and per unit and share and per share amounts) 

Class B 

Class C 

Class D 

Class E 

Of the Class D Units outstanding noted in the table above, were unvested as of August 13, 2020. 
 In October 2018, the Company issued Class C Units, with an aggregate fair value of million, as part of the purchase price of the Outline acquisition as further described in Note 3 Business Combinations. 
 In November 2019, the Company issued Class E Units in exchange for cash consideration of million to certain accredited investors. Also in November 2019, the Company redeemed Class A Units and Class B Units in exchange for million. 
 In February 2020, the Company issued Class E Preferred Units in exchange for cash consideration of million to certain accredited investors. Also in February 2020, the Company redeemed Class A Units and Class B Units in exchange for million. 
 In June 2020, the Company issued Class E Preferred Units in exchange for cash consideration of million to certain accredited investors. Also in June 2020, the Company redeemed Class A Units and Class B Units in exchange for million. The Company incurred million in aggregate issuance costs associated with the Class E Units. 
 Additionally, the Company issued Class D incentive units and Phantom Unit incentive awards to certain employees and directors of the Company (see Note 17 Share-Based Compensation). 
 The Class A, Class B, Class C, and Class E Units were held by the Company s limited partners, with the exception of Class A Units which were held by the Company s general partner. 
 Prior to the Reorganization Transactions and IPO, profits and losses were allocated to each class in such a manner, as close as possible, to equal the amount that would be distributable to each partner upon dissolution of the Company. The rights and preferences of the Class A, Class B, Class C, Class D, and Class E Units were as follows: 
 Voting rights : All units of the limited partners were deemed to be nonvoting units and did not entitle any holder thereof to any right to vote upon or approve any action to be taken by the Company. The Company s general partner, Disco (Cayman) GP Co., had broad authority to act on behalf of the partnership. 
 Distribution preferences : The partners of the Company were entitled to receive distributions in the following order priority: (1) first, to the holders of Class A Units, Class B Units, Class C Units, and Class E Units in proportion to their unreturned capital amounts, (2) second, to all holders, on a ratable basis, of Class A Units, Class B Units, Class C Units, Class D, and Class E Units held at the time of distribution. 
 106 
 
 DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (amounts in thousands except unit and per unit and share and per share amounts) 

Class B 

Class C 

Class D 

Class E 

Non-controlling Interests 
 Following the Reorganization Transactions , the outstanding LP Units of the Operating Partnership owned by Accenture and RBW that were not contributed to the Company were treated as non-controlling interests. However, these outstanding LP Units of the Operating Partnership were subsequently redeemed using proceeds obtained from the IPO. Accordingly, the balance of non-controlling interests as of August 31, 2020 was . 
 Common Stock Reserved for Issuance 
 As of August 31, 2021, the Company was authorized to issue shares of common stock with a par value of per share and shares of common stock were outstanding. As of August 31, 2021, the Company had shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under the Company s 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 Follow-on Offering 
 During the second quarter of 2021, the Company completed a follow-on offering of its common stock. The Company issued shares in exchange for cash consideration of million to certain accredited investors. 

107 
 
 DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (amounts in thousands except unit and per unit and share and per share amounts) 
 
 shares. This reserve will automatically increase on January 1 st of each calendar year, prior to the tenth anniversary of the effective date of the Plan, by an amount equal or lesser of (i) of the number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding on December 31 st of the preceding year and (ii) an amount determined by the Plan administrator. On January 1, 2021, the reserve was increased by of the number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding on December 31, 2020, or shares. The shares available for issuance are subject to adjustment in the event of a stock split, stock dividend or other defined changes in the Company s capitalization. 
 Class D Units and Phantom Units 
 Prior to the IPO, the Company granted Class D incentive units (Class D Units) to certain employees and directors under the terms of Incentive Unit Award Agreements. The Company also granted Phantom Unit incentive awards (Phantom Units) to certain employees of its international subsidiaries. 
 
 Vesting of the Class D Units was time based, quarterly, over a four year period from the vesting start date, and based on the date in which the Class D Units become participating units. 
 Share-based compensation expense related to the issuance of Class D Units was calculated based upon the fair value of the Class D Units at the time of grant and recognized ratably over the requisite service period of the award. With respect to the Phantom Units, as a change in control event represents a contingent future event outside the control of the Company, the Company did not record any share-based compensation expense related to the Phantom Units until the contingency was resolved. 
 108 
 
 DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (amounts in thousands except unit and per unit and share and per share amounts) 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Impact of conversion 

Nonvested, August 31, 2020 

Outstanding Class D Units of converted to shares of restricted common stock on the IPO date. 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Impact of conversion 

Nonvested, August 31, 2020 

109 
 
 DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (amounts in thousands except unit and per unit and share and per share amounts) 
 converted to Phantom stock awards on the IPO date. 
 
 Conversion of Class D Units and Phantom Units 
 On the date of the IPO, the Class D-1 Units became participating units when the total cumulative distributions made to the Class A Unit holders exceeded the aggregate investment made by the Class A Unit holders. In addition, participating D-1 Phantom Units became eligible for cash settlement. As part of the Reorganization Transactions (i) Class D Units were converted to restricted common stock and (ii) non-participating Phantom Units were cancelled and replaced with new phantom stock awards. All converted and replaced awards retained the same vesting attributes as the original Class D Units and Phantom Units. 
 Vested and unvested Class D Units converted to an aggregate shares of restricted common stock Class D Restricted Common Stock ). Of this amount, were vested and were unvested. The conversion was treated as a grant of a new award in exchange for cancellation of an old award, and therefore was accounted for as a modification. Accordingly, the Company compared the fair value of the Class D Units immediately prior to the conversion to the fair value of the Class D Restricted Common Stock granted. However, based on the conversion ratio in effect, additional share-based compensation expense was recorded as the fair values were identical upon conversion. 
 As a result of the Participating D-1 Phantom Units becoming eligible for cash settlement, the Company recorded share-based compensation expense and an accrued liability of million during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2020 based on the fair value of the awards on the date of IPO. Non-participating D-2 and D-3 Phantom Units were converted to phantom stock awards Class D Phantom Stock Awards ). The grant date fair value of Class D Phantom Stock Awards is being recorded as share-based compensation expense over the requisite service period of the awards. The Company has concluded that Class D Phantom Stock Awards should be treated as liability classified share-based compensation awards because they will be settled in cash. Accordingly, the accrued liability balance associated with Class D Phantom Stock Awards is adjusted to fair value at each reporting period through earnings. During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2020, the Company recorded share-based compensation expense and an accrued liability of million for Class D Phantom Stock Awards. 
 
 Leverage Restoration Options and SARs 
 In substitution for part of the economic benefit of the Class D Units that was not reflected in the conversion to Class D Restricted Common Stock, stock options Leverage Restoration Options were granted to holders of Class D Units. The fair value of the Leverage Restoration Options is being recorded as share-based compensation expense over the requisite service period of the awards. During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2020, the Company recorded share-based compensation expense of million for the Leverage Restoration Options. 
 Additionally, in substitution for part of the economic benefit of the Phantom Units that was not reflected in the conversion to Class D Phantom Stock Awards, stock appreciation rights Leverage Restoration SARs were granted to holders of Phantom Units. The fair value of the Leverage Restoration SARs is being recorded as share-based compensation expense over the requisite period of the awards. The Company has concluded that the Leverage Restoration SARs should be treated as liability classified share-based compensation awards because they will be settled in cash. Accordingly, the accrued liability balance associated with Leverage Restoration SARs is adjusted to fair value at each reporting period through earnings. During the quarter ended August 31, 2020, the Company recorded share-based compensation expense and an accrued liability of million for Leverage Restoration SARs. 
 
 Class D Restricted Common Stock 
 
 The Class D Restricted Common Stock awards retain the vesting attributes (including original service period vesting start date) of the Class D Units. Unless the applicable award agreement provides otherwise, participants with restricted stock will generally have all the rights of a stockholder during the restricted period. 
 
 110 
 
 DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (amounts in thousands except unit and per unit and share and per share amounts) 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Nonvested, August 31, 2021 

Unrecognized share-based compensation expense of million related to Class D Restricted Common Stock as of August 31, 2021 is expected to be recognized over a period of years. Since the fair value of the Class D Units and the fair value of the Class D Restricted Common Stock were identical upon conversion, the million of future share-based compensation relates to the aggregate grant date fair value of the Class D Units determined in prior periods. As such, the disclosure of the weighted average fair value of the Class D Restricted Common Stock is not meaningful. 
 Leverage Restoration Options 
 Leverage Restoration Options were granted on the IPO date, with an exercise price of , a ten-year contractual term and retained the vesting attributes (including original service period vesting start dates) of the Class D Units. years 

Risk-free rate 

Volatility 

Dividend yield 

10 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Balance as of August 31, 2021 

9 

Vested and expected to vest as of August 31, 2021 

9 

Exercisable as of August 31, 2021 

9 

Aggregate intrinsic value represents of the Leverage Restoration Options was determined using the Company s closing stock price of and less the applicable weighted-average exercise price on August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020, respectively . 
 
 As of August 31, 2021, unrecognized share-based compensation expense of million related to these stock options is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 111 
 
 DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (amounts in thousands except unit and per unit and share and per share amounts) 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Nonvested, August 31, 2021 

During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded share-based compensation expense of million and million, respectively for Class D Phantom Stock Awards. As of August 31, 2021 and 2020, the accrued liability associated with Class D Phantom Stock Awards was million and million, respectively. 
 Leverage Restoration Stock Appreciation Rights 
 
 Leverage Restoration Stock Appreciation Rights SARs were granted on August 14, 2020 with an exercise price of , a ten-year contractual term and retained vesting attributes (including original service period vesting start dates) of the Phantom Units. SARs will be settled in cash equal to the excess of the fair market value of a share of the Company s common stock, determined on the date of exercise, over the exercise price share of common stock underlying such SAR. 
 years 

Risk-free rate 

Volatility 

Dividend yield 

112 
 
 DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (amounts in thousands except unit and per unit and share and per share amounts) 

10 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Balance as of August 31, 2021 

9 

Vested and expected to vest as of August 31, 2021 

9 

Exercisable as of August 31, 2021 

9 

Aggregate intrinsic value of the Leverage Restoration SARs was determined using the Company s closing stock price of and less the applicable weighted-average exercise price on August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020, respectively . 
 
 During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded share-based compensation expense and an accrued liability of million and million, respectively, for Leverage Restoration SARs. As of August 31, 2021, the accrued liability associated with Leverage Restoration SARs was million. 
 
 New Restricted Stock Awards and Restricted Stock Units 
 Subsequent to the IPO, the Company has granted Restricted Stock Awards RSAs to select US employees and outside directors and Restricted Stock Units RSUs to select international employees. While substantively the same from an economic standpoint, the RSUs represent the right to receive shares of the Company s common stock as they vest however, the holder of an RSU has no rights as a stockholder. 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Nonvested, August 31, 2021 

113 
 
 DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (amounts in thousands except unit and per unit and share and per share amounts) 
 -year requisite service period and are settled in shares of the Company s common stock. The Company has concluded that the RSAs and RSUs should be treated as equity classified share-based compensation awards. During the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded aggregate share-based compensation expense of million and million, respectively, related to these RSAs and RSUs. 

Cost of maintenance and support revenue 

Cost of services revenue 

Research and development 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Total share-based compensation expense 

Upon closing of the underwritten public offering of the Company s common stock on February 2, 2021, a market condition was achieved relating to Class D Restricted Common Stock, Leverage Restoration Options, Class D Phantom Stock and Leverage Restoration SARs. Accordingly, all remaining unrecognized share-based compensation expense associated with these awards totaling million was immediately recognized on that date. 
 
 During the three months ended February 28, 2021, the Company modified the vesting conditions for a subset of its share-based awards. The modification resulted in incremental share-based compensation expense of million that will be recognized over the remaining requisite service period of the awards. 

All other 

Total property and equipment, net 

114 
 
 DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (amounts in thousands except unit and per unit and share and per share amounts) 
 million , million , and million were made by the Company for the years ended August 31, 20 2 1 , 20 20 , and 2019 respectively. 
 Other Long-Term Obligations 
 The Company accrues for long-term termination obligations earned by employees of its subsidiary in India. The termination obligation would be payable to the employee in the event of termination without cause and is based upon the employee s wage and years of service, and the applicable payment formula as dictated by statute. The liability is based on an actuarial estimate. The accrued obligation was million and million as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is included in other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. and of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company, respectively. 
 The Company provides certain professional services and software maintenance services to end customers as a subcontractor to Accenture as part of its typical revenue generating arrangements. During the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized immaterial amounts of revenue relating to services performed in this subcontractor capacity. In addition, the Company also engages Accenture to provide certain professional services on behalf of the Company as part of its typical revenue generating arrangements. During the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred immaterial expenditures relating to services performed by Accenture. 
 Revenue Contracts with Investors 
 The Company recognizes revenues from customers that invested in the Company s Class E Preferred Units during the year ended 2020 whose shares converted to common stock in the IPO. The Company recognized aggregate revenues of million and million from these customers and deferred revenue of million and million during the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 As of August 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company had outstanding accounts receivables due from these customers of million and million, respectively. 

Total cost of revenue 

Total gross profit 

Loss from operations 

Net loss 

Loss per share - basic and diluted 

115 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our CEO and CFO, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on such evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that as of August 31, 2021, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed at a reasonable assurance level and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2021 based on the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management concluded that as of August 31, 2021, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting, which appears in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) under the Exchange Act) during the period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures or the Company s internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 
 116 

PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 The information required by this Item 10 will be contained in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Proxy Statement ), which is expected to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended August 31, 2021, and is incorporated herein by reference 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The information required by this Item 11 will be set forth in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by this Item 12 will be set forth in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this Item 13 will be set forth in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm's Fees 
 The information required by this Item 14 will be set forth in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 . 

117 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) 

1. 
 
 Financial Statements. 

 See the Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated into this item by reference. 

2. 
 
 Financial Statement Schedules. 

 No financial statement schedules have been submitted because they are not required or are not applicable or because the information required is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto. 

3. 
 
 List of Exhibits. 

 See the Exhibit Index in Item 15(b) below, which is incorporated into this item by reference. 
 (b) 
 The exhibits listed in the following Exhibit Index are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 118 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

EXHIBIT NO. 

DESCRIPTION OF EXHIBIT 

3.1 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Duck Creek (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-246116) filed on August 14, 2020 with the SEC) 

3.2 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Duck Creek (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-246116) filed on August 14, 2020 with the SEC) 

10.1 

Credit Agreement, dated October 4, 2016, by and among Disco Topco Holdings (Cayman), L.P., Duck Creek Technologies LLC, Bank of America N.A., Citizens Bank, National Association, ING Capital LLC, and the other lenders from time to time party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-240050), filed on July 23, 2020 with the SEC) 

10.2 

Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated November 21, 2017, by and among Disco Topco Holdings (Cayman), L.P., Duck Creek Technologies LLC, Bank of America N.A., and the other Lenders from time to time party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-240050), filed on July 23, 2020 with the SEC) 

10.3 

Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated October 2, 2019, by and among Duck Creek Technologies LLC, Disco Topco Holdings (Cayman), L.P., Bank of America N.A., and each Lender party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-240050), filed on July 23, 2020 with the SEC) 

10.4 

Duck Creek 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-240050), filed on August 7, 2020 with the SEC) 

10.5 

Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-240050), filed on July 23, 2020 with the SEC) 

10.6 

Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement (Performance-Based Conversion Award) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-240050), filed on July 23, 2020 with the SEC) 

10.7 

Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (Time-Based Conversion Award) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-240050), filed on July 23, 2020 with the SEC) 

10.8 

Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement (Time-Based Conversion Award) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-240050), filed on July 23, 2020 with the SEC) 

10.9 

Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (IPO Grant) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-240050), filed on August 7, 2020 with the SEC) 

10.10 

Form of Indemnification Agreement between Duck Creek and each of its Executive Officers and Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-240050), filed on July 23, 2020 with the SEC) 

10.11 

Stockholders Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39449) filed on August 20, 2020) 

10.12 

Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39449) filed on August 20, 2020) 

119 

10.13 

Restrictive Covenants Side Letter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39449) filed on August 20, 2020) 

10.14 

Employment Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2016, by and between Duck Creek Technologies LLC and Michael Jackowski (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-240050), filed on July 23, 2020 with the SEC) 

10.15 

Employment Agreement, dated as of September 19, 2016, by and between Duck Creek Technologies LLC and Vincent Chippari (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-240050), filed on July 23, 2020 with the SEC) 

10.16 

Employment Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2016, by and between Duck Creek Technologies LLC and Matthew Foster (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-240050), filed on July 23, 2020 with the SEC) 

21.1 

List of Subsidiaries 

23.1 

Consent of KPMG LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

24.1 

Power of Attorney (included on signature page to this Form 10-K) 

31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 

Certifications of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 

The cover page for the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q has been formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 

Filed herewith. 

Compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 120 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

Duck Creek Technologies, Inc. 

Date: October 29, 2021 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael A. Jackowski 

Michael A. Jackowski 

Chief Executive Officer 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Michael Jackowski, Vincent Chippari and Christopher Stone, and each of them acting individually, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, each with full power of substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this annual report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitutes or substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 

Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Michael A. Jackowski 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer and director) 
 
 October 29, 2021 

Michael A. Jackowski 

/s/ Vincent A. Chippari 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 
 
 October 29, 2021 

Vincent A. Chippari 

/s/ William Bloom 

Director 
 
 October 29, 2021 

William Bloom 
 
 /s/ Kathy Crusco 

Director 
 
 October 29, 2021 

Kathy Crusco 

/s/ Julie Dodd 

Director 
 
 October 29, 2021 

Julie Dodd 
 
 /s/ Roy Mackenzie 

Director 
 
 October 29, 2021 

121 

Roy Mackenzie 

/s/ Charles Moran 

Director 
 
 October 29, 2021 

Charles Moran 
 
 /s/ Stuart Nicoll 

Director 
 
 October 29, 2021 

Stuart Nicoll 

/s/ Francis Pelzer 

Director 
 
 October 29, 2021 

Francis Pelzer 
 
 /s/ Jason Wright 

Director 
 
 October 29, 2021 

Jason Wright 

122 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 dct-ex211_570.htm
 EX-21.1

dct-ex211_570.htm

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF DUCK CREEK TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

Subsidiary 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Formation 

Agencyport Software Corporation 

Delaware 

Agencyport Software US Incorporated 

Delaware 

DCT Security Company, Inc. 

Delaware 

Disco Topco Holdings (Cayman) L.P. 

Cayman Islands 

Duck Creek Technologies LLC 

Delaware 

Duck Creek Technologies India LLP 

India 

Duck Creek Technologies Limited 

United Kingdom 

Duck Creek Technologies Pty Ltd. 

Australia 

Duck Creek Technologies Spain, S.L. 

Spain 

Outline Systems LLC 

Delaware 

Yodil LLC 

North Carolina 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 dct-ex231_10.htm
 EX-23.1

dct-ex231_10.htm

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement (No. 333-246116) on Form S-8 of our report dated October 29, 2021, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Duck Creek Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 

Boston, Massachusetts 

October 29, 2021 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 dct-ex311_6.htm
 EX-31.1

dct-ex311_6.htm

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Michael A. Jackowski, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Duck Creek Technologies, Inc.; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and have: 

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 [Paragraph omitted in accordance with Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)] 

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

2 

Dated: 
 
 October 29, 2021 
 
 /s/ Michael A. Jackowski 

Michael Jackowski 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer) 

2 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 dct-ex312_8.htm
 EX-31.2

dct-ex312_8.htm

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Vincent A. Chippari, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Duck Creek Technologies, Inc.; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and have: 

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 [Paragraph omitted in accordance with Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)] 

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

2 

Dated: 
 
 October 29, 2021 
 
 /s/ Vincent A. Chippari 

Vincent A. Chippari 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (principal financial officer) 

2 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 dct-ex321_9.htm
 EX-32.1

dct-ex321_9.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Duck Creek Technologies, Inc. (the "Company") for the period ending August 31, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: 
 
 October 29, 2021 
 
 /s/ Michael A. Jackowski 

Michael A. Jackowski 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 dct-ex322_7.htm
 EX-32.2

dct-ex322_7.htm

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Duck Creek Technologies, Inc. (the "Company") for the period ending August 31, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: 
 
 October 29, 2021 
 
 /s/ Vincent A. Chippari 

Vincent A. Chippari 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 dct-20210831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 dct-20210831_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 dct-20210831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 dct-20210831_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 dct-20210831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

