<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211229_10-K_edgar_data_1592782_0001213900-21-067905.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5079859</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>151743</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>953374</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1194588</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1380190</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1263688</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-21-067905.hdr.sgml : 20211229
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211229155610
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-21-067905
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211229
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211229

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Nukkleus Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001592782
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		IRS NUMBER:				383912845
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55922
		FILM NUMBER:		211528783

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		525 WASHINGTON BLVD.
		CITY:			JERSEY CITY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07310
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(800) 604-1724

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		525 WASHINGTON BLVD.
		CITY:			JERSEY CITY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07310

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Compliance & Risk Management Solutions Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131125

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-21-067905.txt : 20211229

10-K
 1
 f10k2021_nukkleusinc.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _________ to _________ 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction 
of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

212-791-4663 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Not
 applicable. 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of
the Exchange Act: None 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of
the Exchange Act: 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and
non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately as of March 31, 2021, based upon the closing
stock price 0.23 per share reported for such date. 

State the number of shares outstanding of each
of the issuer s classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date. 

Class Outstanding December 29, 2021 Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share shares 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This report contains forward-looking statements
that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Although our forward-looking statements reflect the good faith judgment of our management,
these statements can be based only on facts and factors of which we are currently aware. Consequently, forward-looking statements are
inherently subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results and outcomes may differ materially from results and outcomes discussed
in the forward-looking statements. 

Forward-looking statements can be identified
by the use of forward-looking words such as may, will, should, anticipate, believe, 
 expect, plan, future, intend, could, estimate, predict, 
 hope, potential, continue, or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. These
statements include, but are not limited to, statements under the captions Risk Factors, Management s Discussion
and Analysis or Plan of Operation and Description of Business, as well as other sections in this report. Such forward-looking
statements are based on our management s current plans and expectations and are subject to risks, uncertainties and changes in
plans that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. You should be aware
that, as a result of any of these factors materializing, the trading price of our common stock may decline. These factors include, but
are not limited to, the following: 

the availability and adequacy
 of capital to support and grow our business; 

economic, competitive,
 business and other conditions in our local and regional markets; 

actions taken or not taken
 by others, including competitors, as well as legislative, regulatory, judicial and other governmental authorities; 

competition in our industry; 

changes in our business
 and growth strategy, capital improvements or development plans; 

the availability of additional
 capital to support development; and 

other factors discussed
 elsewhere in this annual report. 

The cautionary statements made in this annual
report are intended to be applicable to all related forward-looking statements wherever they may appear in this report. 

We urge you not to place undue reliance on these
forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward
looking-statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

All references in this Form 10-K that refer to
the Company , Nukkleus , we, us or our refer to Nukkleus Inc. and
its consolidated subsidiaries. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 5 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 11 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 11 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 11 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 11 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 12 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 13 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 13 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 17 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 18 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 19 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 19 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 19 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 20 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 22 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 23 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 24 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 26 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 27 

SIGNATURES 
 29 

i 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Nukkleus Inc. (formerly known as, Compliance
 Risk Management Solutions Inc.) (the Company or Nukkleus was formed on July 29, 2013 in the State
of Delaware as a for-profit Company and established a fiscal year end of September 30. 

Overview 

We are a financial technology company which is
focused on providing software and technology solutions for the worldwide retail foreign exchange FX trading industry.
We primarily provide our software, technology, customer sales and marketing and risk management technology hardware and software solutions
package to Triton Capital Markets Ltd. TCM ), formerly known as FXDD Malta Limited FXDD Malta ). The FXDD
brand (e.g., see FXDD.com) is the brand utilized in the retail forex trading industry by TCM. 

As part of the Assets acquired, we acquired ownership
of FOREXWARE, the primary software suite and technology solution which powers the FXDD brand globally today. We also have ownership of
the FOREXWARE brand name. We have also acquired ownership of the customer interface and other software trading solutions being used by
FXDD.com. By virtue of our relationship with TCM and FXDirectDealer LLC FXDIRECT ), we provide turnkey software and technology
solutions for FXDD.com. We offer the customers of FXDD 24 hour, five days a week direct access to the global over the counter OTC FX market, which is a decentralized market in which participants trade directly with one another, rather than through a central exchange. 

In an FX trade, participants effectively buy
one currency and simultaneously sell another currency, with the two currencies that make up the trade being referred to as a currency
pair . Our software and technology solutions enable FXDD to present its customers with price quotations on over the counter tradeable
instruments, including over the counter currency pairs, and also provide our customers the ability to trade FX derivative contracts on
currency pairs through a product referred to as Contracts for Difference CFD ). Our software solutions also offer other
CFD products, including CFDs on metals, such as gold, and on futures linked to other products. 

In July 2018, the Company incorporated Nukkleus
Malta Holding Ltd., which is a wholly-owned subsidiary. In July 2018, Nukkleus Malta Holding Ltd. incorporated Markets Direct Technology
Group Ltd MDTG ), formerly known as Nukkleus Exchange Malta Ltd. MDTG was exploring potentially obtaining a license to
operate an electronic exchange whereby it would facilitate the buying and selling of various digital assets as well as traditional currency
pairs used in FX Trading. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, management made the decision to exit the exchange business and to
no longer pursue the regulatory licensing necessary to operate an exchange in Malta. 

On August 27, 2020, the Company renamed Nukkleus
Exchange Malta Ltd. to Markets Direct Technology Group Ltd MDTG ). MDTG manages the technology and IP behind the Markets
Direct brand (which is operated by TCM). MDTG holds all the IP addresses and all the software licenses in its name, and it holds all
the IP rights to the brands such as Markets Direct and TCM. MDTG then leases out the rights to use these names/brands licenses to the
appropriate entities. 

On May 24, 2021, the Company and the shareholders
of Match Financial Limited (the Match Shareholders ), a private limited company formed in England and Wales Match ),
entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (the Match Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company, on May 28, 2021, acquired
1,152 ordinary shares of Match representing 70 of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of Match in consideration of 70,000,000
shares of common stock of the Company (the Initial Transaction ). On August 30, 2021, the Company exercised its option pursuant
to which it acquired from the Match Shareholders the balance of 493 ordinary shares of Match representing 30 of the issued and outstanding
ordinary shares of Match for an additional 30,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company. Match is engaged in providing financial
services to enable conversion of fiat currencies to cryptocurrencies and vice versa. 

On October 20, 2021, the Company and the shareholders
(the Original Shareholders of Jacobi Asset Management Holdings Limited Jacobi entered into a Purchase
and Sale Agreement (the Jacobi Agreement pursuant to which the Company agreed to acquire 5.0 of the issued and outstanding
ordinary shares of Jacobi in consideration of 20,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company (the Transaction ). On December
15, 2021, the Company, the Original Shareholders and the shareholders of Jacobi that were assigned their interest in Jacobi by the Original
Shareholders (the New Jacobi Shareholders entered into an Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement agreeing that the Transaction
will be entered between the Company and the New Jacobi Shareholders. The Transaction closed on December 15, 2021. Jacobi is a company
focused on digital asset management that has received regulatory approval to launch the world s first tier one Bitcoin ETF. 

1 

FXDD Agreements 

On May 24, 2016, Nukkleus Limited entered into
a General Service Agreement to provide its software, technology, customer sales and marketing and risk management technology hardware
and software solutions package to FML Malta Ltd. In December 2017, Nukkleus Limited, FML Malta Ltd. and TCM entered into a letter agreement
providing that there was an error in drafting the General Service Agreement and acknowledging that the correct counter-party to Nukkleus
Limited in the General Service Agreement is TCM. Accordingly, all references to FML Malta Ltd. have been replaced with TCM. TCM is a
private limited liability company formed under the laws of Malta. The General Service Agreement entered with TCM provides that TCM will
pay Nukkleus Limited at minimum 2,000,000 per month. On October 17, 2017, Nukkleus Limited entered into an amendment of the General
Service Agreement with TCM. In accordance with the amendment, which was effective as of October 1, 2017, the minimum amount payable by
TCM to Nukkleus Limited for services was reduced from 2,000,000 per month to 1,600,000 per month. Emil Assentato is also the majority
member of Max Q Investments LLC Max Q ), which is managed by Derivative Marketing Associates Inc. DMA ).
Mr. Assentato is the sole owner and manager of DMA. Max Q owns 79 of Currency Mountain Malta LLC, which in turn is the sole shareholder
of TCM. 

In addition, on May 24, 2016, in order to appropriately
service TCM, Nukkleus Limited entered into a General Service Agreement with FXDIRECT, which provides that Nukkleus Limited will pay FXDIRECT
a minimum of 1,975,000 per month in consideration of providing personnel engaged in operational and technical support, marketing, sales
support, accounting, risk monitoring, documentation processing and customer care and support. FXDIRECT may terminate this agreement upon
providing 90 days written notice. On October 17, 2017, Nukkleus Limited entered into an amendment of the General Service Agreement
with FXDIRECT. Pursuant to the amendment, which was effective as of October 1, 2017, the minimum amount payable by Nukkleus Limited to
FXDIRECT for services was reduced from 1,975,000 per month to 1,575,000 per month. Currency Mountain Holdings LLC is the sole shareholder
of FXDIRECT. Max Q is the majority shareholder of Currency Mountain Holdings LLC. 

The Market Opportunity 

The FX market is a global, decentralized market
for the trading of currencies. FX trading involves the simultaneous buying and selling of a currency pair for the purposes of hedging
currency risk or to generate a profit. The FX market, once limited to large financial institutions, has expanded and matured over the
past decade, and now captures a wide range of participants, including central banks, commercial banks, non-bank corporations, hedge funds,
brokers and individual investors / traders. The market s expansion has helped lead to a significant increase in trading activity.
In addition to the increase in the breadth of market participants, key factors driving higher trading volumes include the adoption of
electronic and high frequency trading, tighter trading spreads, rising volatility among currencies and enhanced access to FX trading
markets primarily through online brokers, such as FXDD for retail investors. 

FX trading, initially utilized primarily for
hedging purposes, has evolved as investor sophistication levels have risen, trading costs have fallen, and as currencies have become
increasingly viewed as a viable investment asset class. FX s low, (or even negative) correlation among certain other portfolio
assets, namely equities and fixed income, may help investors reduce overall portfolio volatility. As such, we believe that currencies
are often viewed as an important portfolio diversification tool. 

Fueled by the growing adoption of the internet,
the retail segment of the FX market began to emerge in the late 1990s. Developing online brokerage firms provided individual investors
with direct access to the global FX markets. Prior to the development of these trading platforms, individual retail investors were effectively
locked out of the FX market as minimum trade sizes were typically too high for individual retail investors. Online FX brokers lowered
the minimum volume barriers and transactions costs for retail trading, allowing individuals to establish trading accounts with much lower
initial deposits. We believe the retail FX segment now represents the fastest growing portion of the overall FX market. We believe this
growth will be driven by a handful of key market trends, including: 

Increased
investor demand for exposure to currencies; 

Increasing
internet adoption across the globe; 

Growing
engagement of the offline market; 

Development
of emerging markets and the emergence of an affluent middle class; and 

Increasing
regulation resulting in greater confidence. 

Participants in the retail FX market are geographically
dispersed. Retail FX brokers, such as FXDD are seeking to expand their presence in projected high growth regional areas, such as Asia
and the Middle East. 

Systems and Services 

Nukkleus provides its services in the following
service categories: 

Category One: Introducing Broker Dealer Network
and the Introducing Broker Interface 

Category Two: Chinese and Middle East customer
desk support 

2 

Category Three: Bridging software to the Meta Trader (MT4 and MT 5)
platforms 

Category Four: Forex Market Liquidity Access 

Category Five: Turnkey risk management support
software and Risk Management Team 

Category Six: Front End Software Retail Trading
Platforms and Customer Application Systems 

Category Seven: Back Office Systems management 

Category One: Introducing Broker Dealer Network 

Nukkleus, by arrangement pursuant to our services
agreement with TCM and FXDIRECT, provides to TCM clients an introducing broker (IB) network spread across China, Japan and the Middle
East. Our approach to the retail FX market is to focus on the development of relationships with independent local referring brokers who
provide a recurring source of new customers. These referring brokers do not have an exclusive relationship with us, but are offered a
competitive commission structure to deliver new customers to us. Our account managers primarily focus on building relationships with
referring brokers, and master referring brokers (who refer other referring brokers to us), as well as with customers referred to us by
referring brokers and acquired by us directly. We believe this approach, in contrast to retail FX brokers that focus solely or primarily
on acquiring accounts through online marketing campaigns, has allowed us to provide services to TCM, which allows entities to achieve
strong levels of net trading income, and accounts, as well as lower up front customer acquisition costs and greater customer satisfaction.
Referring brokers are typically either individuals who are current or former FX traders or individuals or companies active in the area
of FX trading and education and investment services advisory business. 

The Introducing Broker (IB) Interface: 
The Introducing Broker IB interface empowers our partners to view real time account data such as payouts, customer activity
and reports. 

Category Two: Asia, including Chinese and
Middle East Customer Desk Support 

Nukkleus, by arrangement pursuant to our services
agreement, provides to TCM customer desk support in multiple languages. A key element of the business strategy is the large, multi-lingual
and multi-ethnic team of account managers at the headquarters in Jersey City, New Jersey, as well as in certain other locations such
as Malta, Jakarta, Indonesia and Tokyo, Japan. We obtained the services of account managers by virtue of our services agreement with
FXDIRECT. Account managers are compensated to a significant degree based on their performance, measured by net deposits inflows, new
accounts funded and trading volume generated by customers. We believe that this compensation structure motivates our account managers
and leads to more active communication with our referring brokers and customers, an improved customer trading experience, improved referring
broker and customer retention and increased deposits. 

Category Three: Bridging Software to the Meta
Trader (MT4 and MT5) platforms 

Meta Trader 4 Bridge : The MT4 Bridge is
a middleware product that connects the Meta Trader server with the XW Trading System. The Bridge passes both market data (i.e. quotes)
and trading data (i.e. trade executions) between MT4 and the XW servers. By seamlessly integrating the two, the Bridge allows for real
time trade execution, reduced slippage, and access to liquidity through the XW Liquidity Matrix. 

Category Four: Forex Market Liquidity Access 

XWare Liquidity Matrix : Dealers need access
to as much liquidity as possible. Forexware s liquidity aggregation technology supports API from most of the world s largest
liquidity providers, including banks, hedge funds and electronic communication networks (ECN). Our aggregation technology integrates
seamlessly with customers existing infrastructure, providing the power to optimize trading processes, manage accounts and revealing
the most relevant information to make effective trading decisions. 

The XWare Liquidity Bridge : With the XWare
liquidity bridge, brokers can automatically submit trade requests to the liquidity provider of choice and receive confirmation prior
to sending an accept or reject message to the broker s client. The XWare Liquidity Bridge was developed to improve liquidity processes,
risk and availability by providing a direct line of communication to vital backend processes. Brokers can create unique price streams
from aggregated liquidity with sophisticated control over liquidity sources, pricing models, execution models and risk management. 

XWare Live Rate Feed : The XWare Live Rate
Feed provides customers with streaming liquidity and prices in real time that integrate seamlessly with existing trading platforms. The
Quote Aggregator identifies outliers and bad ticks to ensure our clients capture accurate and reliable pricing to protect them from price
fluctuations and anomalies that frequently occur with Liquidity Providers. 

3 

Category Five: Turnkey Risk Management Support
Software, and Risk Management Team 

Nukkleus, by arrangement pursuant to our services
agreement with FXDIRECT, fields a risk management team of seasoned professionals who constantly monitor liquidity flows and manage the
hedging of transactions on a 24 / 7 basis, with three eight-hour shifts. This service is provided both to the TCM clients, as well as
to third party clients who request this service. 

XWare Risk Monitor: The XWare Risk Manager is
an essential component of the Forexware s turnkey Xware suite, offered to new brokers entering the market, or existing brokers
looking to replace their existing systems. Our management is of the belief that the Risk Manager software suite is the most vigorous
and advanced risk management system available in the market today providing customers the power to customize risk management settings
at their fingertips. 

Category Six: Front End Software Retail Trading
Platforms and Customer Application Systems 

XWare Trader is a proprietary platform
for retail and institutional traders. It offers fully customizable layouts including colors, layout manager and undocking of windows.
Advanced charting, 1 click trading, and automated execution for Algo Traders are all embedded in a modern interface. 

Swordfish Trader : Swordfish Trader is
a proprietary platform for retail and institutional traders. It offers fully customizable layouts including colors, layout manager, and
undocking of windows. Advanced charting, 1- click trading, and automated execution for Algo Traders are all embedded in a modern interface.
Swordfish further offers risk management monitors unique from other trading platforms. Nukkleus has also acquired the right to apply
for a US federal copyright in relation to Swordfish Trader. 

Category Seven: Back Office Systems Management: 

XWare Apptracker : Xware Apptracker is
a data workflow system designed to automate and manage new customer applications and account information in a centralized location. Xware
App Tracker provides customers easy to use tools that save time, organize and track customer application information and manage new customer
contract details for fast and efficient review and approval. 

Reporting System : This complex and proprietary
application generates customized reports, with numerous data queries pre-loaded to run in addition to those a client to choose to customize.
It is designed to pull any number of named, defined data fields from both local databases and those from third party run databases, such
as Oracle Financials. 

Intellectual Property 

We have several registered trademarks and service
marks (US and foreign) and software assets. We also intend to pursue additional foreign trademark registrations. Nukkleus has been assigned
various registrations and trademarks relating to: 

Forexware 

MTXTREME 

Total Broker Solution 

Extreme Spreads 

When the News Breaks, Be
 there to Trade it 

Swordfish 

Nukkleus has further acquired Patent Number 8799142
in relation to Forexware Patent. This relates to a method of displaying information associated with currency exchange transactions in
real time. 

Corporate Office 

Our principal executive office is 525 Washington
Blvd, 14 th Floor, Jersey City, New Jersey 07310. Our main telephone number is 212-791-4663. Annual Reports on Form 10-K, quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports are available free of charge through the Securities
and Exchange Commission s website at www.sec.gov as soon as reasonably practicable after those reports are electronically filed
with or furnished to the SEC. 

Employees 

As of the date of this filing, we have 12 employees,
among which, 11 employees work for Digital RFQ Ltd. and 1 employee works for Nukkleus Inc. Through our relationship with FXDIRECT, we
have access to approximately 30 account managers who speak over 10 different languages, and FXDIRECT has contractual relationships with
hundreds of referring brokers in at least twenty different countries. It also has contracts with various independent contractors and
consultants to fulfill additional needs, including investor relations, exploration, development, permitting, and other administrative
functions, and may staff further with employees as it expands activities and brings new projects online. 

4 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Risks Relating to Our Company 

Although we commenced operations in May
2016, we rely on TCM as our only customer, and the loss of such customer could adversely impact our financial condition and results of
operations. 

We are a financial technology company which is
focused on providing software and technology solutions for the worldwide retail FX trading industry. We primarily today provide our software,
technology, customer sales and marketing and risk management technology hardware and software solutions package to TCM, a related party,
which provides that TCM pays us at minimum, 1,600,000 per month. The FXDD brand (e.g., see FXDD.com) is the brand utilized in the retail
forex trading industry by TCM. We derive all of our revenues under our agreement with TCM. The loss of such customer, or our failure
to replace such customer with other customers, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and our results of operations. 

Although we commenced operations in May
2016, we rely on FXDIRECT as our primary vendor, and the loss of FXDIRECT would have a significant adverse impact on our business. 

In order to appropriately service our only customer,
TCM, we entered into a General Service Agreement with FXDIRECT, a related party, which provides that we pay FXDIRECT at minimum 1,575,000
per month in consideration of providing personnel engaged in operational and technical support, marketing, sales support, accounting,
risk monitoring, documentation processing and customer care and support. We derive all of our cost of revenues under our agreement with
FXDIRECT. Loss of FXDIRECT could have a significant adverse impact on us. 

Our principal client, TCM, has its net
trading income and profitability influenced by, among other things, the general level of trading activity in the FX market and by currency
volatility, both of which are beyond our control. 

Like other financial services firms, our business
and profitability are directly affected by factors that are beyond our control, such as economic and political conditions, broad trends
in business and finance, changes in the volume of foreign currency transactions, changes in supply and demand for currencies, movements
in currency exchange rates and interest rates, changes in the financial strength of market participants, legislative and regulatory changes,
changes in the markets in which such transactions occur, changes in how such transactions are processed and disruptions due to terrorism,
war or extreme weather events. In particular, the net trading income and operating results of our principal client, TCM, are influenced
by the general level of trading activity in the FX market and by currency volatility and may vary significantly from period to period
due to movements and trends in the world s currency markets and to fluctuations in trading levels. We have generally experienced
greater trading volume and higher net trading income in periods of volatile currency markets. Accordingly, a decline in currency volatility
or lower levels of trading volume, whether or not attributable to any such decline, as well as any of the foregoing other external factors,
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. As a result, period
to period comparisons of our operating results may not be meaningful and our future operating results may be subject to significant fluctuations
or declines. 

Our limited operating history makes it
difficult for us to evaluate our future business prospects and make decisions based on those estimates of our future performance . 

Although the FXDD brand has been in existence
since in 2006, we have not commenced operations under Nukkleus as a financial technology services company until May 2016. As a consequence,
it is difficult, if not impossible, to forecast our future results based upon our historical data. Reliance on the historical results
may not be representative of the results we will achieve, particularly in our combined form. Because of the uncertainties related to
our lack of historical operations, we may be hindered in our ability to anticipate and timely adapt to increases or decreases in revenues
or expenses. If we make poor budgetary decisions as a result of unreliable historical data, we could be less profitable or incur losses,
which may result in a decline in our stock price. 

Our business requires substantial capital,
and if we are unable to maintain adequate financing sources our profitability and financial condition will suffer and jeopardize our
ability to continue operations. 

We require substantial capital to support our
operations. If we are unable to maintain adequate financing or other sources of capital are not available, we could be forced to suspend,
curtail or reduce our operations, which could harm our revenues, profitability, financial condition and business prospects. 

We may not be able to protect our intellectual
property rights or may be prevented from using intellectual property necessary for our business. 

Our ability to implement our business plan successfully
depends in part on our ability to further build brand recognition using our trademarks, service marks and other proprietary intellectual
property, including our name and logos. We have registered or applied to register a number of our trademarks in many jurisdictions, some
of which have been refused. We cannot be certain that our trademark applications will be approved. Further, third parties may copy or
otherwise obtain and use our proprietary technology without authorization or otherwise infringe on our rights. We may also face claims
of infringement that could interfere with our ability to use technology that is material to our business operations. In the future, we
may have to rely on litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets, determine the validity and scope
of the proprietary rights of others or defend against claims of infringement or invalidity. Any such litigation, whether successful or
unsuccessful, could result in substantial costs and the diversion of resources and the attention of management, any of which could negatively
affect our business. 

5 

Our computer infrastructure may be vulnerable
to security breaches. Any such problems could jeopardize confidential information transmitted over the Internet, cause interruptions
in our operations or give rise to liabilities to third parties. 

Our computer infrastructure is potentially vulnerable
to physical or electronic computer break-ins, viruses, distributed denial-of-service attacks and similar disruptive problems and security
breaches. Any such problems or security breaches could give rise to liabilities to one or more third parties, including our customers,
and disrupt our operations. A party able to circumvent our security measures could misappropriate proprietary information or customer
information, jeopardize the confidential nature of information we transmit over the Internet or cause interruptions in our operations.
Concerns over the security of Internet transactions and the safeguarding of confidential personal information could also inhibit the
use of our systems to conduct FX transactions over the Internet. To the extent that our activities involve the storage and transmission
of proprietary information and personal financial information or other personally identifiable information, security breaches could expose
us to a risk of financial loss, litigation, regulatory penalties, loss of customers and other liabilities. Our current insurance policies
may not protect us against all such losses and liabilities. Any of these events, particularly if they result in a loss of confidence
in our services, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We rely on information technology to receive
and properly process internal and external data. We may not be able to keep up with the rapidly changing technology, evolving industry
standards and changing trading systems, practices and techniques that characterize the retail FX market. 

We rely on technology to receive and properly
process internal and external data. Any disruption for any reason in the proper functioning of our software or erroneous or corrupted
data may cause us to make erroneous trades, accept customers from jurisdictions where we do not possess the proper licenses, authorizations
or permits, or require us to suspend our services and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows. For example, we rely on tools that we have developed in-house to monitor customer exposure and facilitate
our ability to manage risk by transferring higher risk customers to agency accounts. In order to remain competitive, we continuously
develop and refine our proprietary technology. In doing so, there is an ongoing risk that failures may occur and result in service interruptions
or other negative consequences, such as slower trade execution, erroneous trades, or inaccurate risk management information. Moreover,
if our competitors develop more advanced technologies, we may be required to devote additional resources to the development of more advanced
technologies in order to remain competitive, which could adversely impact our profitability. We may not be able to keep up with the rapidly
changing technology, evolving industry standards and changing trading systems, practices and techniques that characterize the retail
FX market. 

We rely on computer systems and services
from third-party providers and licenses to third-party software. 

We rely on computer systems and services from
third-party providers and licenses to third-party trading platforms, back-office systems, Internet service providers and communications
facilities. Any interruption in these third-party products or services, or deterioration in their performance or quality, could adversely
affect our business. If our arrangement with any such third party is terminated, we may not be able to obtain alternative products or
services on a timely basis or on commercially reasonable terms. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. For example, we and most of our customers access and make use of our FX trading and
related online trading services through the MetaTrader 4 and MetaTrader 5 trading platforms. The MetaTrader 4 and MetaTrader 5 trading
platforms are owned by MetaQuotes Software Corp. MetaQuotes ), an independent third party. Nukkleus pays fees to FXDIRECT,
in part to access the Meta Quotes licenses and software which those companies possess and is indirectly made available to us. In the
future, MetaQuotes could cease to license its trading platforms to us or may cease to adequately support such software on commercially
reasonable terms or at all. Furthermore, in the future a superior trading platform may be developed by a competitor to us or a competitor
to MetaQuotes and we may be unable to license any such trading platform. If we are unable to continue to use the MetaTrader 4 trading
platform or if we are unable to use any superior trading platform that may be developed in the future, we may lose customers to our competitors,
in which case our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be materially adversely affected. 

System failures could cause interruptions
in our services or decreases in the responsiveness of our services which could harm our business. 

If our systems fail to perform, we could experience
disruptions in operations, slower response times or decreased customer service and customer satisfaction. Our ability to facilitate transactions
successfully and provide high quality customer service depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our computer and communications
hardware and software systems. Our systems also are vulnerable to damage or interruption from human error, natural disasters, power loss,
telecommunication failures, break-ins, sabotage, hacker attacks, computer viruses, intentional acts of vandalism and similar events.
Although we have multiple location redundancy, we do not have fully redundant capabilities. While we currently maintain a disaster recovery
plan, which is intended to minimize service interruptions and secure data integrity, such plan may not work effectively during an emergency.
Any system failure that causes an interruption in our services, decreases the responsiveness of our services or affects access to our
services could impair our reputation, damage our brand, cause customers to stop using our services or materially adversely affect our
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

6 

A systemic market event could impact the
various market participants with whom we interact. 

We may interact directly and indirectly with
various market participants. If a systemic event in the financial system were to occur that were to result in a failure of any of our
counterparties to be able continue to perform, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows. 

In the current environment facing financial
services firms, a firm s reputation is critically important. If our reputation is harmed, or the reputation of the online financial
services industry as a whole or retail FX industry specifically is harmed, our business, financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows may be materially adversely affected. 

Our ability to attract and retain customers and
employees may be adversely affected if our reputation is damaged. If we fail, or appear to fail, to deal with issues that may give rise
to reputation risk, our business prospects could be harmed. These issues include, but are not limited to, appropriately dealing with
potential conflicts of interest, legal and regulatory requirements, ethical issues, money-laundering, privacy, customer data protection,
record-keeping, solicitation, sales and trading practices, and the proper identification of the legal, credit, liquidity, operational
and market risks inherent in our business. Failure to appropriately address these issues could also give rise to additional legal risk
to us, which could, in turn, increase the size and number of claims and damages asserted against us or subject us to regulatory enforcement
actions, fines and penalties. Any such sanction could materially adversely affect our reputation, thereby reducing our ability to attract
and retain customers, referring brokers and employees. 

In addition, our ability to attract and retain
customers may be adversely affected if the reputation of the online financial services industry as a whole or retail FX industry is damaged.
In recent years, a number of financial services firms have suffered significant damage to their reputations from highly publicized incidents
that in turn resulted in significant and in some cases irreparable harm to their business. The perception of instability within the online
financial services industry could materially adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers, referring brokers and employees. 

Our client, TCM, has relationships with
independent referring brokers who direct new customers to us, which is our principal source of new customers for TCM. Failure to maintain
these relationships could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and,
in turn, negatively impact our company. 

Our only client, TCM, maintains relationships
with independent referring brokers who direct new customers to us and provide marketing and other services to these customers. TCM relationships
with referring brokers are non-exclusive and may be terminated by the brokers on short notice. A referring broker does not forfeit previously
earned commissions upon termination. In addition, under its agreements with referring brokers, they have no obligation to provide TCM
with new customers or minimum levels of transaction volume. Its failure to maintain its relationships with referring brokers, the failure
of the referring brokers to provide TCM with customers or its failure to create new relationships with referring brokers could result
in a loss of net trading income, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. To the extent any of its competitors offers more attractive compensation terms to any of its referring brokers, TCM could
lose the referring broker s services or be required to increase the compensation it pays to retain the referring broker. In addition,
it may agree to set the compensation for one or more referring brokers at a level where, based on the transaction volume generated by
customers directed to it by such brokers, it would have been more economically attractive to seek to acquire the customers directly rather
than through the referring broker. To the extent it does not enter into economically attractive relationships with referring brokers,
its referring brokers may terminate their relationship with TCM or its referring brokers fail to provide us with customers, our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. 

Any regulation of referring brokers and
their activities could disrupt our business model. 

TCM depends on referring brokers to acquire most
of our customers. If a jurisdiction were to impose regulations restricting referring brokers ability to solicit, acquire or interact
with customers, we may be unable to continue to acquire customers or do business in that jurisdiction. Any such regulation could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

The loss of members of our senior management
could compromise our ability to effectively manage our business and pursue our growth strategy. 

We rely on Mr. Emil Assentato, our Chairman,
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to execute our existing business plans and to identify and pursue new opportunities.
Our continued success is dependent upon the retention of Mr. Assentato, as well as the services provided by our trading staff, technology
and programming specialists and a number of other key managerial, marketing, planning, financial, technical and operations personnel
provided through our GSA with FXDIRECT. The loss of key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. 

The regulatory environment in which we
operate is subject to continual change. Adverse changes in the regulatory environment could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

The legislative and regulatory environment in
which we operate has undergone significant changes in the recent past and there may be future regulatory changes in our industry. The
financial services industry in general has been subject to increasing regulatory oversight in recent years. The governmental bodies and
self-regulatory organizations that regulate our business have proposed and may consider additional legislative and regulatory initiatives
and may adopt new or revised laws and regulations. As a result, in the future, we may become subject to new regulations that may affect
the way in which we conduct our business and may make our business less profitable. For example, a regulatory body may reduce the levels
of leverage we are allowed to offer to our customers, which could significantly adversely impact our business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows. Changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and regulations by those entities may also
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

7 

Providing online services to customers
may require us to comply with the laws and regulations of each country in which such services are available. Failure to comply with such
laws may negatively impact our financial results. 

Because our services are available online in
foreign countries and TCM has customers residing in foreign countries, foreign jurisdictions may require TCM or us to qualify to do business
in such countries. We are required to comply with the laws and regulations of each country in which we conduct business, including laws
and regulations currently in place or which may be enacted related to online services available to their citizens from service providers
located elsewhere, including the laws and regulations of Japan and China. We are exposed to the risk that we are currently operating
in non-compliance with local laws and regulations in certain of the jurisdictions where we accept customers. Any failure to develop effective
compliance and reporting systems could result in regulatory penalties in the applicable jurisdiction, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

The FX market has only been widely available
to retail investors since 1996. Our limited operating history and the limited history of the industry may make our growth and future
prospects uncertain and difficult to evaluate. 

Furthermore, the FX market has only become accessible
to retail investors relatively recently. Prior to 1996, retail investors generally did not directly trade in the FX market, and we believe
most current retail FX traders only recently started viewing currency trading as a practical alternative investment class. We will continue
to encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by companies and industries at a similar stage of development, including our
potential inability to implement our business model and strategy and adapt and modify them as needed or to manage our expanding operations,
including the integration of any future acquisitions. 

We have not voluntarily implemented various
corporate governance measures, in the absence of which, shareholders may have more limited protections against interested director transactions,
conflicts of interest and similar matters. 

Recent federal legislation, including the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, has resulted in the adoption of various corporate governance measures designed to promote the integrity of the corporate
management and the securities markets. Some of these measures have been adopted in response to legal requirements. Others have been adopted
by companies in response to the requirements of national securities exchanges, such as the New York Stock Exchange, NYSE American or
NASDAQ, on which their securities are listed. Among the corporate governance measures that are required under the rules of national securities
exchanges and NASDAQ are those that address board of directors independence, audit committee oversight and the adoption of a code
of ethics. Our Board of Directors has not yet adopted any of the above mentioned corporate governance measures and, since our securities
are not listed on a national securities exchange or NASDAQ, we are not required to do so. It is possible that if we were to adopt some
or all of these corporate governance measures, shareholders would benefit from somewhat greater assurances that internal corporate decisions
were being made by disinterested directors and that policies had been implemented to define responsible conduct. For example, in the
absence of audit, nominating and compensation committees comprised of at least a majority of independent directors, decisions concerning
matters such as compensation packages to our senior officers and recommendations for director nominees may be made by a majority of directors
who have an interest in the outcome of the matters being decided. Prospective investors should bear in mind our current lack of corporate
governance measures in formulating their investment decisions. 

Difficulties we may encounter managing
our growth could adversely affect our results of operations. 

As our business needs expand, we may need to
hire a significant number of employees. This expansion may place a significant strain on our managerial and financial resources. To manage
the potential growth of our operations and personnel, we will be required to: 

improve existing,
 and implement new, operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures; 

install enhanced management
 information systems; and 

train, motivate and manage
 our employees. 

We may not be able to install adequate management
information and control systems in an efficient and timely manner, and our current or planned personnel, systems, procedures and controls
may not be adequate to support our future operations. If we are unable to manage growth effectively, our business would be seriously
harmed. 

Any future acquisitions may result in significant
transaction expenses, integration and consolidation risks and we may be unable to profitably operate our combined company. 

We may in the future selectively pursue acquisitions
of other financial technology companies or retail FX brokers. Any future acquisitions may result in significant transaction expenses
and present new risks in integrating the acquired companies and to the extent the acquired company operates in different markets or offers
different products associated with entering additional markets. Because we have not historically made acquisitions, we do not have experience
in successfully completing acquisitions. We may not have sufficient management, financial and other resources to integrate companies
we acquire or to successfully operate new businesses and we may be unable to profitably operate our combined company. Additionally, any
new businesses that we may acquire, once integrated with our existing operations, may not produce expected or intended results. 

8 

Risks Associated with Our Common Stock in
General 

Trading on the Over the Counter markets
may be volatile and sporadic, which could depress the market price of our common stock and make it difficult for our stockholders to
resell their shares. 

Our common stock is quoted on the OTC PINK Current
Marketplace owned and operated by the OTC Markets Group Inc. and the OTC Pink Sheet service of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA under the symbol NUKK. Trading in stock quoted on over the counter markets is often thin, volatile, and characterized
by wide fluctuations in trading prices due to many factors that may have little to do with our operations or business prospects. This
volatility could depress the market price of our common stock for reasons unrelated to operating performance. Moreover, the over the
counter markets are not a stock exchange, and trading of securities on the over the counter markets is often more sporadic than the trading
of securities listed on other stock exchanges such as the NASDAQ, New York Stock Exchange or NYSE American. Accordingly, our shareholders
may have difficulty reselling any of their shares. 

Our stock is a penny stock. Trading of
our stock may be restricted by the SEC s penny stock regulations and the FINRA s sales practice requirements, which may limit
a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

Our stock is a penny stock. The SEC has adopted
Rule 15g-9 which generally defines penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price (as defined) less than 5.00 per share
or an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. Our securities are covered by the penny stock rules,
which impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell to persons other than established customers and accredited
investors. The term accredited investor refers generally to institutions with assets in excess of 5,000,000 or individuals with a net
worth in excess of 1,000,000 or annual income exceeding 200,000 or 300,000 jointly with their spouse. The penny stock rules require
a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure
document in a form prepared by the SEC which provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock
market. The broker-dealer must also provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation
of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock
held in the customers account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information, must
be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to effecting the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before
or with the customer s confirmation. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not
otherwise exempt from these rules; the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment
for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the
effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for the stock that is subject to these penny stock rules. Consequently,
these penny stock rules may affect the ability or willingness of broker-dealers to trade our securities. We believe that the penny stock
rules discourage broker-dealer and investor interest in, and limit the marketability of, our common stock. 

Our common stock may be affected by limited
trading volume and price fluctuation which could adversely impact the value of our common stock. 

There has been limited trading in our common
stock and there can be no assurance that an active trading market in our common stock will either develop or be maintained. Our common
stock has experienced, and is likely to experience in the future, significant price and volume fluctuations which could adversely affect
the market price of our common stock without regard to our operating performance. In addition, we believe that factors such as quarterly
fluctuations in our financial results and changes in the overall economy or the condition of the financial markets could cause the price
of our common stock to fluctuate substantially. These fluctuations may also cause short sellers to periodically enter the market in the
belief that we will have poor results in the future. We cannot predict the actions of market participants and, therefore, can offer no
assurances that the market for our common stock will be stable or appreciate over time. 

FINRA sales practice requirements may also
limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

In addition to the penny stock rules promulgated
by the SEC, which are discussed in the immediately preceding risk factor, FINRA rules require that in recommending an investment to a
customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending
speculative low priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information
about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these
rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low priced securities will not be suitable for at least some
customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which
may limit the ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market value for our shares. 

Because the SEC imposes additional sales
practice requirements on brokers who deal in shares of penny stocks, some brokers may be unwilling to trade our securities. This
means that you may have difficulty reselling your shares, which may cause the value of your investment to decline. 

Our shares are classified as penny stocks and
are covered by Section 15(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act which imposes additional sales practice
requirements on broker-dealers who sell our securities in this offering or in the aftermarket. For sales of our securities, broker-dealers
must make a special suitability determination and receive a written agreement prior from you to making a sale on your behalf. Because
of the imposition of the foregoing additional sales practices, it is possible that broker-dealers will not want to make a market in our
common stock. This could prevent you from reselling your shares and may cause the value of your investment to decline. 

9 

A decline in the price of our common stock
could affect our ability to raise further working capital, it may adversely impact our ability to continue operations and we may go out
of business. 

A prolonged decline in the price of our common
stock could result in a reduction in the liquidity of our common stock and a reduction in our ability to raise capital. Because we may
attempt to acquire a significant portion of the funds we need in order to conduct our planned operations through the sale of equity securities,
or convertible debt instruments, a decline in the price of our common stock could be detrimental to our liquidity and our operations
because the decline may cause investors to not choose to invest in our stock. If we are unable to raise the funds we require for all
our planned operations, we may be forced to reallocate funds from other planned uses and may suffer a significant negative effect on
our business plan and operations, including our ability to develop new products and continue our current operations. As a result, our
business may suffer, and not be successful and we may go out of business. We also might not be able to meet our financial obligations
if we cannot raise enough funds through the sale of our common stock and we may be forced to go out of business. 

Our stock price may be volatile. 

The stock market in general has experienced volatility
that often has been unrelated to the operating performance of any specific public company. The market price of our common stock is likely
to be highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in price in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including
the following: 

changes in
 our industry; 

competitive pricing pressures; 

our ability to obtain working
 capital financing; 

additions or departures
 of key personnel; 

limited public float 
 in the hands of a small number of persons who sales or lack of sales could result in positive or negative pricing pressure on the
 market prices of our common stock; 

sales of our common stock; 

our ability to execute
 our business plan; 

operating results that
 fall below expectations; 

loss of any strategic relationship; 

regulatory developments; 

economic and other external
 factors; and 

period-to-period fluctuations
 in our financial results. 

In addition, the securities markets have from
time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies.
These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

We have never paid a cash dividend on our
common stock and we do not anticipate paying any in the foreseeable future. 

We have not paid a cash dividend on our common
stock to date, and we do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Our ability to pay dividends will depend on our
ability to successfully develop one or more properties and generate revenue from operations. Notwithstanding, we will likely elect to
retain any earnings, if any, to finance our growth. Future dividends may also be limited by bank loan agreements or other financing instruments
that we may enter into in the future. The declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors. 

Future issuances of our common or preferred
shares may cause a dilution in your shareholding. 

We may raise additional funding to meet our working
capital, capital expenditure requirements for our planned long-term capital needs, or to fund future acquisitions. If such funding is
raised through issuance of new equity or equity-linked securities, it may cause a dilution in the percentage ownership of our then existing
shareholders. 

Our certificate of incorporation authorizes the
issuance of 900,000,000 shares of common stock and 15,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock without the need for shareholder
approval. We may issue a substantial number of additional shares, which may significantly dilute the equity interests of our existing
shareholders. 

We cannot predict our future capital needs.
As a result, we may need to raise significant amounts of additional capital. We may be unable to obtain any necessary capital if we need
it on acceptable terms, if at all. 

Our business requires adequate funding for operations.
Historically, we have satisfied these needs from internally generated funds. We currently anticipate that our cash from operations will
be sufficient to meet our presently anticipated working capital and capital expenditure requirements, including our current expansion
plans, for at least the next 12 months. We may need to raise additional funds to, among other things: 

support more
 rapid expansion; 

10 

develop new or enhanced
 services and products; 

respond to competitive
 pressures; 

address additional regulatory
 capital requirements; 

acquire complementary businesses,
 products or technologies; or 

respond to unanticipated
 requirements. 

Additional financing may not be available when
needed or may not be available on terms favorable to us. If funding requirements are met by way of additional debt financing, we may
have restrictions placed on us through such debt financing arrangements which may: 

limit our ability
 to pay dividends or require us to seek consents for the payment of dividends; 

increase our vulnerability
 to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

limit our ability to pursue
 our business strategies; 

require us to dedicate
 a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our debt, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to
 fund capital expenditure, working capital requirements and other general corporate purposes; and 

limit our flexibility in
 planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry. 

Offers or availability for sale of a substantial
number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

If our stockholders sell substantial amounts
of our common stock in the public market upon the expiration of any statutory holding period, under Rule 144, it could create a circumstance
commonly referred to as an overhang and in anticipation of which the market price of our common stock could fall. The existence
of an overhang, whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring, also could make more difficult our ability to raise additional financing
through the sale of equity or equity related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

Item 2. Properties. 

The Company s headquarters are located
in Jersey City, New Jersey. The Company uses office space of FXDD, an affiliated company, free of rent, which is considered immaterial. 

We believe our facilities are adequate for our
current and planned business operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

From time to time, we are subject to ordinary
routine litigation incidental to our normal business operations. We are not currently a party to any material legal proceedings, except
as set forth below. 

In April 16, 2020, the Company was named as a
defendant in the Adversary Proceeding filed in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Massachusetts (Case No. 15-10745-FJB;
Adversary Proceeding No. 16-01178) titled In re: BT Prime Ltd BT Prime ). The Adversary Proceeding is brought by BT Prime
against Boston Technologies Powered by Forexware LLC f/k/a Forexware LLC Forexware ), Currency Mountain Holdings LLC, Currency
Mountain Holdings Limited f/k/a Forexware Malta Holdings Ltd., FXDirectDealer, LLC, FXDD Malta Ltd., Nukkleus Inc., Nukkleus Bermuda
Limited and Currency Mountain Holdings Bermuda, Ltd. In the Amended Complaint, BT Prime is seeking, amongst other relief, a determination
that the Company and the other defendants are liable for all of the debts of BT Prime stemming from its bankruptcy proceedings, and is
seeking to recover certain amounts transferred to Forexware and FXDD Malta prior to the initiation of the bankruptcy case. In the sole
claim asserted against the Company, BT Prime alleges that the Company operated as a single business enterprise with no separate existence
outside of its collective business relationship with certain of the other Defendants, is a continuation of the business of Forexware
and is a successor-in-interest to Forexware. Based on this theory, BT Prime alleges that the Company should be jointly and severally
liable for any liability attributable to Forexware or the other Defendants, should the Court eventually find any such liability. The
Company maintains that there is no basis for BT Prime s claim against it and intends to vigorously defend against the claim at
trial, the date for which has not yet been set. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable 

11 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

LIMITED PUBLIC MARKET FOR COMMON STOCK 

A symbol was assigned for our securities so that
our securities may be quoted for trading on the OTC Pink Sheets under symbol NUKK . Minimal trading occurred through the
date of this Annual Report based on a limited float. There can be no assurance that a liquid market for our securities will ever develop.
Transfer of our common stock may also be restricted under the securities or blue-sky laws of various states and foreign jurisdictions.
Consequently, investors may not be able to liquidate their investments and should be prepared to hold the common stock for an indefinite
period of time. 

Quarterly ended 
 Low Price 
 High Price 
 
 December 31, 2019 
 0.05 
 0.12 
 
 March 31, 2020 
 0.02 
 0.41 
 
 June 30, 2020 
 0.05 
 0.10 
 
 September 30, 2020 
 0.05 
 0.07 
 
 December 31, 2020 
 0.04 
 0.09 
 
 March 31, 2021 
 0.04 
 2.05 
 
 June 30, 2021 
 0.14 
 0.51 
 
 September 30, 2021 
 0.06 
 2.29 

Holders of Our Common Stock 

As of December 29, 2021, there were 53 holders
of record of our common stock. This number does not include shares held by brokerage clearing houses, depositories or others in unregistered
form. 

Stock Option Grants 

The Company granted an option to acquire 1,000,000
shares of common stock at an exercise price of 2.50 per share to a consultant. The option s life is five years. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

The transfer agent for our common stock is Issuer
Direct Corporation, 500 Perimeter Park Drive, Suite D, Morrisville, NC 27560, telephone: (919) 481-4000. 

Dividends 

To date, we have not paid dividends on shares
of our common stock and we do not expect to declare or pay dividends on shares of our common stock in the foreseeable future. The payment
of any dividends will depend upon our future earnings, if any, our financial condition, and other factors deemed relevant by our Board
of Directors. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Except as set forth below, the Company has not
sold unregistered securities during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 and through the date hereof. 

On May 24, 2021, the Company and the shareholders
of Match Financial Limited (the Match Shareholders ), a private limited company formed in England and Wales Match ),
entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (the Match Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company, on May 28, 2021, acquired
1,152 ordinary shares of Match representing 70 of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of Match in consideration of 70,000,000
shares of common stock of the Company (the Initial Transaction ). On May 28, 2021, the Company issued 100,000 shares
of its common stock to Match Shareholders as consideration of an option commencing any time after the closing of the Initial Transaction
to acquire from the Match Shareholders the balance of 493 ordinary shares of Match representing 30 of the issued and
outstanding ordinary shares of Match for an additional 30,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company. On August 30, 2021,
the Company exercised its option pursuant to which it acquired from the Match Shareholders the balance of 493 ordinary shares of Match
representing 30 of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of Match for an additional 30,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company. 

On June 7, 2021, the outstanding redeemable preferred
stock of 250,000 and related accrued dividend of 37,854 were exchanged for 1,439,271 shares of the Company s
common stock. 

12 

No underwriters were involved in the transactions
described above. All of the securities issued in the foregoing transactions were issued by the Company in reliance upon the exemption
from registration available under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, including Regulation D and Regulation S promulgated thereunder,
in that the transactions involved the issuance and sale of the Company s securities to financially sophisticated individuals or
entities that were aware of the Company s activities and business and financial condition and took the securities for investment
purposes and understood the ramifications of their actions, or were non-U.S. persons. The Company did not engage in any form of
general solicitation or general advertising in connection with the transactions. The individuals represented that they were each
and accredited investor as defined in Regulation D or non-U.S. person as defined in Regulation S at the time of issuance
of the securities, and that it was acquiring such securities for its own account and not for distribution. All certificates representing
the securities issued have a legend imprinted on them stating that the shares have not been registered under the Securities Act and cannot
be transferred until properly registered under the Securities Act or an exemption applies. 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

As a smaller reporting company, the Company is
not required to file selected financial data. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The following discussion and analysis of our
financial condition and results of operations for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 should be read in conjunction with our
consolidated financial statements and related notes to those consolidated financial statements that are included elsewhere in this report. 

Certain matters discussed herein are forward-looking
statements. Such forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K involve risks and uncertainties, including statements as to: 

our
future operating results; 

our
business prospects; 

any
contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 

the
dependence of our future success on the general economy; 

any
possible financings; and 

the
adequacy of our cash resources and working capital. 

Impact of COVID-19 on Our Operations 

The ramifications of
the outbreak of the novel strain of COVID-19, reported to have started in December 2019 and spread globally, are filled with uncertainty
and changing quickly. Our operations have continued during the COVID-19 pandemic and we have not had significant disruption. 

The Company is operating
in a rapidly changing environment so the extent to which COVID-19 impacts its business, operations and financial results from this point
forward will depend on numerous evolving factors that the Company cannot accurately predict. Those factors include the following: the
duration and scope of the pandemic, and governmental, business and individuals actions that have been and continue to be taken
in response to the pandemic. 

Overview 

We are a financial technology
company which is focused on providing software and technology solutions for the worldwide retail foreign exchange FX trading industry. We primarily provide our software, technology, customer sales and marketing and risk management technology hardware
and software solutions package to TCM. The FXDD brand (e.g., see FXDD.com) is the brand utilized in the retail forex trading industry
by TCM. 

We have ownership of
FOREXWARE, the primary software suite and technology solution which powers the FXDD brand globally today. We also have ownership of the
FOREXWARE brand name. We have also acquired ownership of the customer interface and other software trading solutions being used by FXDD.com.
By virtue of our relationship with TCM and FXDIRECT, we provide turnkey software and technology solutions for FXDD.com. We offer the
customers of FXDD 24 hours, five days a week direct access to the global over the counter OTC FX market, which is a decentralized
market in which participants trade directly with one another, rather than through a central exchange. 

13 

In an FX trade,
participants effectively buy one currency and simultaneously sell another currency, with the two currencies that make up the trade being
referred to as a currency pair . Our software and technology solutions enable FXDD to present its customers with price quotations
on over the counter tradeable instruments, including over the counter currency pairs, and also provide our customers the ability to trade
FX derivative contracts on currency pairs through a product referred to as Contracts for Difference CFD ). Our software
solutions also offer other CFD products, including CFDs on metals, such as gold, and on futures linked to other products. 

In July 2018, the Company
incorporated Nukkleus Malta Holding Ltd., which is a wholly-owned subsidiary. In July 2018, Nukkleus Malta Holding Ltd. incorporated
MDTG, formerly known as Nukkleus Exchange Malta Ltd. MDTG was exploring potentially obtaining a license to operate an electronic exchange
whereby it would facilitate the buying and selling of various digital assets as well as traditional currency pairs used in FX Trading.
During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, management made the decision to exit the exchange business and to no longer pursue the regulatory
licensing necessary to operate an exchange in Malta. 

On August 27, 2020,
the Company renamed Nukkleus Exchange Malta Ltd. to Markets Direct Technology Group Ltd MDTG ). MDTG manages the technology
and IP behind the Markets Direct brand (which is operated by TCM). MDTG holds all the IP addresses and all the software licenses in its
name, and it holds all the IP rights to the brands such as Markets Direct and TCM. MDTG then leases out the rights to use these names/brands
licenses to the appropriate entities. 

On May 24, 2021, the Company and the shareholders
of Match Financial Limited (the Match Shareholders ), a private limited company formed in England and Wales Match ),
entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (the Match Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company, on May 28, 2021, acquired
1,152 ordinary shares of Match representing 70 of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of Match in consideration of 70,000,000
shares of common stock of the Company (the Initial Transaction ). On August 30, 2021, the Company exercised its option pursuant
to which it acquired from the Match Shareholders the balance of 493 ordinary shares of Match representing 30 of the issued and outstanding
ordinary shares of Match for an additional 30,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company. Match is engaged in providing financial
services to enable conversion of fiat currencies to cryptocurrencies and vice versa. 

On October 20, 2021, the Company and the shareholders
(the Original Shareholders of Jacobi Asset Management Holdings Limited Jacobi entered into a Purchase
and Sale Agreement (the Jacobi Agreement pursuant to which the Company agreed to acquire 5.0 of the issued and outstanding
ordinary shares of Jacobi in consideration of 20,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company (the Transaction ). On December
15, 2021, the Company, the Original Shareholders and the shareholders of Jacobi that were assigned their interest in Jacobi by the Original
Shareholders (the New Jacobi Shareholders entered into an Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement agreeing that the Transaction
will be entered between the Company and the New Jacobi Shareholders. The Transaction closed on December 15, 2021. Jacobi is a company
focused on digital asset management that has received regulatory approval to launch the world s first tier one Bitcoin ETF. 

Critical Accounting
Policies 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation
of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires us
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expense, and related disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities. When making these estimates and assumptions, we consider our historical experience, our knowledge
of economic and market factors and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could
differ from these estimates. Significant estimates during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 include the initial valuation and
useful life of intangible assets, assumptions used in assessing impairment of long-term assets, valuation of deferred tax assets and
the associated valuation allowances, and valuation of stock-based compensation. 

Intangible Assets 

Intangible assets consist of license and banking
infrastructure, which are being amortized on a straight-line method over the estimated useful life of 10 years. 

Impairment of Long-lived Assets 

In accordance with ASC Topic 360, the Company
reviews long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets
may not be fully recoverable, or at least annually. The Company recognizes an impairment loss when the sum of expected undiscounted future
cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset. The amount of impairment is measured as the difference between the asset s
estimated fair value and its book value. There were no triggering events requiring assessment of impairment as of September 30, 2021.
For the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, no impairment of long-lived assets was recognized. 

14 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company accounts for revenue under the provisions of ASC Topic 606. 

The
Company s revenues are derived from providing: 

General
 support services under a GSA to a related party. The transaction price is determined in accordance
 with the terms of the GSA and payments are due on a monthly basis. There are multiple services
 provided under the GSA and these performance obligations are combined into a single unit
 of accounting. Fees are recognized as revenue over time as the services are rendered under
 the terms of the GSA. Revenue is recorded at gross as the Company is deemed to be a principal
 in the transactions. 

Financial
 services to its customers. Revenue related to its financial services offerings are recognized
 at a point in time when service is rendered. 

Stock-based
Compensation 

The
Company accounts for its stock-based compensation awards in accordance with ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation ASC
718 ). ASC 718 requires all stock-based payments to employees and non-employees including grants of stock options, to be recognized
as expense in the statements of operations based on their grant date fair values. The Company estimates the grant date fair value of
each option award using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. 

Results
of Operations 

Summary
of Key Results 

For
the year ended September 30, 2021 versus the year ended September 30, 2020 

Revenues 

For
both of the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, we had revenue from general support services rendered to TCM under a GSA of 19,200,000. 

We
had revenue from financial services commencing in May 2021. For the year ended September 30, 2021, we had revenue from financial
services of 86,964, which represented revenue from May 28, 2021 (the date the Company acquired a controlling interest in Match) to September
30, 2021. We expect that our revenue from financial services will increase in the near future. 

Costs
of Revenues 

For
both of the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, our cost of general support services was 18,900,000, which represented amount incurred
for services rendered by FXDIRECT under a GSA. 

Cost
of financial services include consulting costs, banking, and trading fees incurred associated with delivery of our services. 

Cost
of financial services was 293,011 for the year ended September 30, 2021, which represented costs from May 28, 2021 (the date the
Company acquired a controlling interest in Match) to September 30, 2021. There was no comparable revenue nor cost of revenue from our
financial services operations prior to the date the Company acquired a controlling interest in Match. 

Gross
Profit (Loss) 

For
both of the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, our gross profit from general support services was 300,000, representing gross
margin of 1.6 . 

For
the year ended September 30, 2021, our gross loss from financial services was 206,047, representing gross margin of (236.9) . 

Operating
Expenses 

Operating
expenses consisted of professional fees, amortization of intangible assets, and other general and administrative expenses. 

Professional
fees 

Professional
fees primarily consisted of accounting fees, audit fees, legal service fees, advisory fees. Professional
fees for the year ended September 30, 2021 versus the year ended September 30, 2020, were 396,277 and 188,000, respectively. The increase
was primarily attributable to the increase in professional service providers. 

Amortization
of intangible assets 

For
the year ended September 30, 2021, our amortization of intangible assets amounted to 469,286, which represented amortization from
May 28, 2021 (the date the Company acquired a controlling interest in Match to September 30, 2021. There was no comparable amortization
prior to the date the Company acquired a controlling interest in Match. 

15 

Other
general and administrative expenses 

Other
general and administrative expenses primarily consisted of compensation and related benefits and other miscellaneous items. 

Total
other general and administrative expenses for the year ended September 30, 2021 versus the year ended September 30, 2020, were 160,794
versus 225,115, respectively. The decrease was mainly due to a decrease in compensation and related benefits of approximately 114,000
resulting from the resignation of the director of crypto management on December 15, 2019, offset by an increase in other miscellaneous
items of approximately 50,000. 

Other
(Expense) Income 

Other
(expense) income mainly included interest expense on redeemable preferred stock, amortization of debt discount, and gain recognized from
investment digital currency. 

Other
expense, net, totaled 4,442 for the year ended September 30, 2021, as compared to other income, net, of 12,553 for the year ended September
30, 2020, a change of 16,995. The change was primarily due to the gain recognized from digital currency asset. 

Net
Loss 

As
a result of the factors described above, our net loss was 936,846, or 0.00 per share (basic and diluted), for the year ended September
30, 2021, as compared with a net loss of 100,562, or 0.00 per share (basic and diluted), for the year ended September 30, 2020, a change
of 836,284, or 831.6 . 

Foreign
Currency Translation Adjustment 

The
reporting currency of the Company is U.S. Dollars. The functional currency of the parent company, Nukkleus Inc., Nukkleus Limited, Nukkleus
Malta Holding Ltd. and its subsidiaries, is the U.S. dollar and the functional currency of Match Financial Limited and its subsidiaries
is the British Pound GBP ). The financial statements of our subsidiaries whose functional currency is the GBP are translated
to U.S. dollars using period end rates of exchange for assets and liabilities, average rate of exchange for revenues, costs, and expenses
and cash flows, and at historical exchange rates for equity. Net gains and losses resulting from foreign exchange transactions are included
in the results of operations. As a result of foreign currency translations, which are a non-cash adjustment, we reported a foreign currency
translation gain of 8,440 and 0 for the year ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. This non-cash gain had the effect of
decreasing our reported comprehensive loss. 

Comprehensive
Loss 

As
a result of our foreign currency translation adjustment, we had comprehensive loss of 928,406 and 100,562 for the years ended September
30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Liquidity
is the ability of a company to generate funds to support its current and future operations, satisfy its obligations and otherwise operate
on an ongoing basis. At September 30, 2021 and 2020, we had cash balances of 355,673 and 82,849, respectively. We had working capital
deficit of 1,594,793 as of September 30, 2021. 

Our
ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the management of expenses and our ability to obtain the necessary financing
to meet our obligations and pay our liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due, and upon profitable operations. 

We
need to either borrow funds or raise additional capital through equity or debt financings. However, we cannot be certain that such capital
(from our stockholders or third parties) will be available to us or whether such capital will be available on terms that are acceptable
to us. Any such financing likely would be dilutive to existing stockholders and could result in significant financial operating covenants
that would negatively impact our business. In the event that there are any unforeseen delays or obstacles in obtaining funds through
the aforementioned sources, CMH has committed to inject capital into the Company in order to maintain the ongoing operations of the business. 

Cash
Flow for the Year Ended September 30, 2021 Compared to the Year Ended September 30, 2020 

Net cash
flow provided by operating activities was 295,887 for the year ended September 30, 2021. These included changes in operating assets
and liabilities, net of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in acquisition, totaling approximately 721,000, and the non-cash items
mainly consisting of amortization of intangible assets of approximately 469,000 and stock-based compensation of approximately 42,000,
offset by consolidated net loss of approximately 937,000. 

Net cash
flow provided by operating activities was 59,335 for the year ended September 30, 2020. These included changes in operating assets
and liabilities totaling approximately 176,000, offset by consolidated net loss of approximately 101,000 and the non-cash item mainly
consisting of a gain on digital currency of approximately 19,000. 

Net
cash flow used in investing activities was 23,302 for the year ended September 30, 2021. During the year ended September 30, 2021, we
made payments for acquisition of approximately 45,000, offset by cash acquired on acquisition of approximately 21,000. 

16 

There
was no investing activity during the year ended September 30, 2020. 

Our
operations will require additional funding for the foreseeable future. Unless and until we are able to generate a sufficient amount of
revenue and reduce our costs, we expect to finance future cash needs through public and/or private offerings of equity securities and/or
debt financings. We do not currently have any committed future funding. To the extent we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities,
our stockholders could at that time experience substantial dilution. Any debt financing we are able to obtain may involve operating covenants
that restrict our business. Our capital requirements for the next twelve months primarily relate to mergers, acquisitions and the development
of business opportunities. In addition, we expect to use cash to pay fees related to professional services. The following trends are
reasonably likely to result in a material decrease in our liquidity over the near to long term: 

The
 working capital requirements to finance our current business; 

The
 use of capital for mergers, acquisitions and the development of business opportunities; 

Addition
 of personnel as the business grows; and 

The
 cost of being a public company. 

We
need to either borrow funds or raise additional capital through equity or debt financings. However, we cannot be certain that such capital
(from our stockholders or third parties) will be available to us or whether such capital will be available on terms that are acceptable
to us. Any such financing likely would be dilutive to existing stockholders and could result in significant financial operating covenants
that would negatively impact our business. If we are unable to raise sufficient additional capital on acceptable terms, we will have
insufficient funds to operate our business or pursue our planned growth. However, CMH has committed to inject capital into the Company
in order to maintain the ongoing operations of the business. 

Consistent
with Section 144 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, it is our current policy that all transactions between us and our officers,
directors and their affiliates will be entered into only if such transactions are approved by a majority of the disinterested directors,
are approved by vote of the stockholders, or are fair to us as a corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified by
the board. We will conduct an appropriate review of all related party transactions on an ongoing basis. 

Contractual
Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

Contractual
Obligations 

As
of September 30, 2021, we had no material contractual obligations other than: FXDirectDealer LLC receives a minimum of 1,575,000
per month and such obligation may be terminated by the Company upon providing 90 days notice. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
had no outstanding derivative financial instruments, off-balance sheet guarantees, interest rate swap transactions or foreign currency
contracts. We do not engage in trading activities involving non-exchange traded contracts. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

For
information about recently issued accounting standards, refer to Note 3 to our Consolidated Financial Statements appearing elsewhere
in this report. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required
under this item. 

17 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

NUKKLEUS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

September 30, 2021 and 2020 

18 

NUKKLEUS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

September 30, 2021 and 2020 

CONTENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets - As of September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss - For the Years Ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) - For the Years Ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Years Ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

Nukkleus Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Nukkleus Inc. and Subsidiaries (the "Company") as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the related consolidated statements
of operations, changes in stockholders' deficit and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years
then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Rotenberg Meril Solomon Bertiger Guttilla,
P.C. 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2016. 

Saddle Brook, New Jersey 

December 29, 2021 

F- 2 

NUKKLEUS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

As of September 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 
 
 -

Due from affiliates 

Prepaid expense and other current assets 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

NON-CURRENT ASSETS: 

Intangible assets, net 
 
 -

TOTAL NON-CURRENT ASSETS 
 
 -

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Due to affiliates 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Series A redeemable preferred stock liability at stated value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding less discount of at September 30, 2020 
 -

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

CONTINGENCY - (Note 12) 

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT): 

Preferred stock par value; shares authorized; share issued and outstanding at September 30, 2021 and 2020) 
 -
 
 -

Common stock par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income - foreign currency translation adjustment 
 
 -

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements
are an integral part of these statements. 

F- 3 

NUKKLEUS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

For the Years Ended 
 September 30, 

2021 
 2020 

REVENUES 

Revenue - general support services - related party 

Revenue - financial services 
 
 -

Total revenues 

COSTS OF REVENUES 

Cost of revenue - general support services - related party 

Cost of revenue - financial services 
 
 -

Total costs of revenues 

GROSS PROFIT (LOSS) 

Gross profit - general support services - related party 

Gross loss - financial services 
 
 -

Total gross profit 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Professional fees 

Amortization of intangible assets 
 
 -

Other general and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER (EXPENSE) INCOME: 

Interest expense on redeemable preferred stock 

Amortization of debt discount 

Gain on digital currency 
 -

Other expense 
 
 -

Total other (expense) income, net 

LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

INCOME TAXES 
 -
 
 -

NET LOSS 

COMPREHENSIVE LOSS: 

NET LOSS 

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Unrealized foreign currency translation gain 
 
 -

COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE: 

Basic and diluted 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING: 

Basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements
are an integral part of these statements. 

F- 4 

NUKKLEUS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
(DEFICIT) 

For the Years Ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 

Accumulated 
 Total 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Other 
 Stockholders' 

Number of 
 
 Number of 
 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Comprehensive 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Income 
 (Deficit) 

Balance as of October 1, 2019 
 -
 
 -

- 

Net loss for the year 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Balance as of September 30, 2020 
 -
 
 -

-

Common stock issued in connection with acquisition 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Common stock issued for redeemable preferred stock conversion and related dividend 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Net loss for the year 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of September 30, 2021 
 -
 
 -

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements
are an integral part of these statements. 

F- 5 

NUKKLEUS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended 
 September 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash 

provided by operating activities: 

Amortization of debt discount 

Amortization of intangible assets 
 
 -

Stock-based compensation 
 
 -

Gain on digital currency 
 -

Provision for bad debt 
 
 -

Unrealized foreign currency exchange gain 
 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in acquisition: 

Accounts receivable 
 
 -

Prepaid expense and other current assets 

Due from affiliates 

Due to affiliates 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accrued liabilities - related party 
 -

Net cash provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Cash acquired on acquisition 
 
 -

Payments for acquisition 
 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 -

EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE ON CASH 
 
 -

NET INCREASE IN CASH 

Cash - beginning of year 

Cash - end of year 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 
 -
 
 -

Income taxes 
 -
 
 -

NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Common stock issued in connection with acquisition 
 
 -

Common stock issued for redeemable preferred stock conversion and related dividend 
 
 -

Cost of acquisition in accrued liabilities 
 
 -

Investment - digital currency received from affiliates 
 -

Investment - digital currency transferred to affiliates 
 -

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements
are an integral part of these statements. 

F- 6 

NUKKLEUS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

per month. Emil Assentato is also the majority
member of Max Q Investments LLC Max Q ), which is managed by Derivative Marketing Associates Inc. DMA ). Mr.
Assentato, who is our Chief Executive Officer CEO ), Chief Financial Officer CFO and chairman, is the sole
owner and manager of DMA. Max Q owns of Currency Mountain Malta LLC, which in turn is the sole shareholder of TCM. 

per month in consideration of providing personnel engaged in operational and technical support,
marketing, sales support, accounting, risk monitoring, documentation processing and customer care and support. FXDIRECT may terminate
this agreement upon providing days written notice. Currency Mountain Holdings LLC is the sole shareholder of FXDIRECT.
Max Q is the majority shareholder of Currency Mountain Holdings LLC. 

ordinary shares of Match representing of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of Match in consideration of 
shares of common stock of the Company (the Initial Transaction ). On August 30, 2021, the Company exercised its option pursuant
to which it acquired from the Match Shareholders the balance of ordinary shares of Match representing of the issued and outstanding
ordinary shares of Match for an additional shares of common stock of the Company. Match is engaged in providing financial services
to enable conversion of fiat currencies to cryptocurrencies and vice versa. 

of the issued and outstanding
ordinary shares of Jacobi in consideration of shares of common stock of the Company (the Transaction ). On December
15, 2021, the Company, the Original Shareholders and the shareholders of Jacobi that were assigned their interest in Jacobi by the Original
Shareholders (the New Jacobi Shareholders entered into an Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement agreeing that the Transaction
will be entered between the Company and the New Jacobi Shareholders. The Transaction closed on December 15, 2021. Jacobi is a company
focused on digital asset management that has received regulatory approval to launch the world's first tier one Bitcoin ETF. 

F- 7 

NUKKLEUS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1 THE COMPANY HISTORY AND NATURE
OF THE BUSINESS (continued) 

, and had a working capital deficit of at September 30, 2021. The
Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the management of expenses and ability to obtain necessary financing
to meet its obligations and pay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due, and upon profitable operations. 

England 

-
 
 -

Malta 

Total cash 

F- 8 

NUKKLEUS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

Cash and cash equivalents (continued) 

. The Company manages
this credit risk by concentrating its cash balances in high quality financial institutions and by periodically evaluating the credit quality
of the primary financial institutions holding such deposits. The Company has not experienced any losses in such bank accounts and believes
it is not exposed to any risks on its cash in bank accounts. At September 30, 2021, the Company s cash balances in United States
bank accounts had approximately in excess of the federally-insured limits. 

and , respectively. 

years. 

F- 9 

NUKKLEUS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

Financial services 
 
 -

Total revenues 

and , respectively, which was included
in other general and administrative expense on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

F- 10 

NUKKLEUS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

Income taxes (continued) 

F- 11 

NUKKLEUS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

-

Convertible preferred stock 

Potentially dilutive securities 

F- 12 

NUKKLEUS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

ordinary shares of Match representing of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of Match in consideration of 
shares of common stock of the Company (the Initial Transaction ). On August 30, 2021, the Company exercised its option pursuant
to which it acquired from the Match Shareholders the balance of ordinary shares of Match representing of the issued and outstanding
ordinary shares of Match for an additional shares of common stock of the Company. The shares of common stock issued to the
Match stockholders have been valued at per share which was the closing price of the Company s common stock on May 28,
2021, the date the Initial Transaction closed. 

Accounts receivable 

Other current assets 

Intangible assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities assumed: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Purchase price 

F- 13 

NUKKLEUS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 5 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued) 

Years 

Less: accumulated amortization 

, which represented amortization from May 28, 2021 (the date of acquisition) to September 30, 2021. There
was no comparable amortization prior to the date of acquisition. 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 and thereafter 

Professional fees 

Accounts payable 
 
 -

Interest payable 
 -

Other 
 
 -

Total 

shares of preferred stock. The Board of Directors
has the authority to fix and determine the voting rights, rights of redemption and other rights and preferences of preferred stock. 

The common stock was recorded as
equity and the Series A preferred stock was recorded as a liability. On February 13, 2018, of the preferred shares were
redeemed and cancelled. 

F- 14 

NUKKLEUS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 7 SHARE CAPITAL (continued) 

of proceeds received was allocated
to the common stock and Series A preferred stock according to their relative fair values determined at the time of issuance, and as a
result, the Company recorded a total discount of on the Series A preferred stock, which is being amortized to interest expense
to the date of redemption. For the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, amortization of debt discount amounted to and
 , respectively. 

years) and the Company has a choice of redeeming
the instrument either in cash or a variable number of shares of common stock based on a formula in the certificate of designation. The
conversion price has a floor of per share. As such, all dividends accrued and/or paid and any accretions are classified as
part of interest expense. For the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, dividends on redeemable preferred stock amounted to and
 , respectively. 

and related accrued dividend of were exchanged for shares of the Company s
common stock. 

shares
of its common stock to Match Shareholders for acquisition of equity interest of Match. These shares were valued at ,
the fair market value on the grant date using the reported closing share price on the date of grant. 

shares
of its common stock to Match Shareholders as consideration of an option commencing any time after the closing of the Initial Transaction
to acquire from the Match Shareholders the balance of ordinary shares of Match representing of the issued and outstanding
ordinary shares of Match for an additional shares of common stock of the Company. The shares of
the Company s common stock were valued at , the fair market value on the grant date using the reported closing share price
on the date of grant and were included in the costs of acquisition. 

ordinary shares of Match representing of the
issued and outstanding ordinary shares of Match for an additional shares of common stock of the Company. These shares were
valued at , the fair market value on the grant date using the reported closing share price on the date of grant. 

F- 15 

NUKKLEUS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 7 SHARE CAPITAL (continued) 

stock options at a fixed exercise price of to a service provider. The fair
value of options granted to the service provider were estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with
the following assumptions: volatility of , risk-free rate of , annual dividend yield of , and expected life
of years. The fair value of the options granted was . 

, which was recorded as professional fees for the year ended September 30, 2021. 

-
 
 -

Terminated / Exercised / Expired 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding at September 30, 2021 

Options exercisable at September 30, 2021 
 -
 
 -

Options expected to vest 

. 

Vested 
 -
 
 -

Nonvested at September 30, 2021 

F- 16 

NUKKLEUS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Bermuda 
 -
 
 -

Malta 

United Kingdom 
 
 -

Total 

State 

Malta 

United Kingdom 
 
 -

Total deferred income taxes (benefit) 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total income taxes expense 
 -
 
 -

State tax 

Non-U.S. income taxed at different rates 

Permanent differences 

Valuation allowance 

Effective tax rate 

F- 17 

NUKKLEUS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 8 INCOME TAXES (continued) 

Accrued directors compensation 

Stock-based compensation 
 
 -

Valuation allowance 

Total net deferred tax assets 
 -
 
 -

in U.S. federal net operating loss carry-forwards that can be utilized in future periods to reduce taxable income. However, due to changes
in stock ownership, the use of the U.S. federal net operating loss carry-forwards is limited under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue
Code. The Company has not performed a study to determine if the loss carryforwards are subject to these Section 382 limitations. 
of The remaining net operating loss carry-forwards
do not expire. In addition, the Company has net operating losses in Malta totaling with no expiration date. 

The Company is not subject to income taxes in Bermuda. The Company s 2018 through 2021 tax
years are subject to examination. 

. 

. 

F- 18 

NUKKLEUS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 9 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued) 

Revenue from related party and cost of revenue from related party
(continued) 

TCM 

Total 

FXDIRECT 

CMH 

FXDD Trading ) 

Total 

F- 19 

NUKKLEUS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 9 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued) 

Due to affiliates (continued) 

or more of the Company s revenues for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020. 

or more of the Company s total outstanding accounts receivable, and accounts receivable related party (which is
included in due from affiliates on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets) at September 30, 2021, accounted for of the Company s
total outstanding accounts receivable, and accounts receivable related party at September 30, 2021. 

or more of the Company s total outstanding accounts receivable related party (which is included in due from affiliates
on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets) at September 30, 2020, accounted for of the Company s total outstanding
accounts receivable related party at September 30, 2020. 

or more of the Company s costs of revenues for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020. 

F- 20 

NUKKLEUS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 11 SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued) 

Financial services 
 
 -

Total 

Costs of revenues 

General support services 

Financial services 
 
 -

Total 

Gross profit (loss) 

General support services 

Financial services 
 
 -

Total 

Operating expenses 

Financial services 
 
 -

Corporate/Other 

Total 

Other (expense) income 

Financial services 
 
 -

Corporate/Other 

Total 

Net income (loss) 

General support services 

Financial services 
 
 -

Corporate/Other 

Total 

Amortization 

Financial services 
 
 -

Total 
 
 -

-

Corporate/Other 

Total 

F- 21 

NUKKLEUS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of the issued and outstanding
ordinary shares of Jacobi in consideration of shares of common stock of the Company (the Transaction ). On December
15, 2021, the Company, the Original Shareholders and the shareholders of Jacobi that were assigned their interest in Jacobi by the Original
Shareholders (the New Jacobi Shareholders entered into an Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement agreeing that the Transaction
will be entered between the Company and the New Jacobi Shareholders. The Transaction closed on December 15, 2021. Jacobi is a company
focused on digital asset management that has received regulatory approval to launch the world's first tier one Bitcoin ETF. 

F- 22 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, who is the same person, has evaluated
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange
Act), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based on such evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal
Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

The
management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as required
by Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) Section 404(a). The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the
supervision of the Company s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer and effected by the Company s Board
of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of the Company s consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with United States generally
accepted accounting principles. 

Due
to its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements on a timely basis. Also,
projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the
risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate. 

As
of September 30, 2021, management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on
the criteria set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission. Based on that evaluation, the Company s management concluded that, as of September 30, 2021, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting was effective. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth fiscal quarter of the year ended
September 30, 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

Attestation
Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report by our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. As a smaller reporting company, our internal control over financial reporting was not subject to audit
by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide
only management s report. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None 

19 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The
following table sets forth the names and ages of the Companies officers and directors as of the date hereof. Our executive officers are
elected annually by our board of directors. Our executive officers hold their offices until they resign, are removed by the Board, or
his successor is elected and qualified. 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Emil Assentato 
 
 72 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and
 Chairman 
 
 Craig Marshak 
 
 62 
 
 Director 
 
 Jamal Jamie Khurshid 
 
 45 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 

Set
forth below is a brief description of the background and business experience of our current executive officers or directors. 

Emil
Assentato was previously the Chief Executive Officer of Tradition North America, one of the leading inter-dealer brokers in the world,
and a subsidiary of Compagnie Financiere Tradition, a leading global brand in inter-dealer broking listed on the Swiss Stock Exchange.
He continues today as Chairman of Tradition North America. His career spans over 30 years of Wall Street leadership in Institutional
Sales, Marketing and Senior Management. Mr. Assentato and his team were the founding shareholders of FXDD in 2002, and pioneered the
brand in the early days of the retail forex industry. Having lead a management buyout of the brand from Tradition, and whilst keeping
Tradition as a minority equity partner, Mr. Assentato in recent years, re-focused the brand strategy on Asian markets. 

Craig
Marshak has over twenty years of experience in financial services. From 2010 to 2014, he was a founding partner of Israel Venture
Partners, and a Managing Director at Cross Point Capital Advisors. From 2007 to 2010, Mr. Marshak headed the London office of Trafalgar
Capital, a 200 million mezzanine capital fund headquartered in Luxemburg. Prior to that, he was a managing director and co-head of Nomura
merchant banking technology growth fund. Prior to that, he was a managing director at Robertson Stephens. Prior to that, he was an executive
at Wertheim Schroder and its affiliates in New York and London. He commenced his Wall Street career at Morgan Stanley. He received his
bachelor s degree from Duke University, and a JD from Harvard Law School. 

Jamal
 Jamie Khurshid was appointed as Chief Operating Officer of the Company on August 2, 2021. An
investment banker for over 20 years at Goldman Sachs, Credit Suisse and Royal Bank of Scotland before joining Cinnober Financial Technology,
the world s leading independent exchange and clearing house technology provider, as a senior partner where Mr. Khurshid served
from 2013 to 2018. In 2018, Mr. Khurshid co-founded digital RFQ, a leading digital asset execution service. From 2020 through
2021, Mr. Khurshid served as the COO of Droit Financial Technology, an enterprise technology firm. Since 2021, Mr. Khurshid has served
as CEO of Jacobi Asset Management, Europe s first Bitcoin ETF founded by Mr. Khurshid. In 1997, Mr. Khurshid graduated from the
University of Reading with a Bachelor of Scient in Environmental Science. Mr. Khurshid was
voted by financial news as one of the top 40 under 40 in European trading and technology (2014) and ranked in the Exchange invest 
Top 1000 most influential people in global financial markets in 2017. 

20 

Board
of Directors 

The
minimum number of directors we are authorized to have is one and the maximum is six. In no event may we have less than one director.
Although we anticipate appointing additional directors in the future, as of the date hereof we have two directors. 

Directors
on our Board of Directors are elected for one-year terms and serve until the next annual security holders meeting or until their
death, resignation, retirement, removal, disqualification, or until a successor has been elected and qualified. All officers are appointed
annually by the Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of the Board. Currently, each director receives annual compensation of
 20,000 for their services on our Board. 

We
reimburse our directors for expenses incurred in connection with attending directors meetings. We will consider applying for officers
and directors liability insurance at such time when we have the resources to do so. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Concurrent
with having sufficient members and resources, our Board of Directors intends to establish an audit committee and a compensation committee.
The audit committee will review the results and scope of the audit and other services provided by the independent auditors and review
and evaluate the system of internal controls. The compensation committee will review and recommend compensation arrangements for the
officers and employees. No final determination has yet been made as to the memberships of these committees or when we will have sufficient
members to establish committees. We believe that we will need a minimum of three independent directors to have effective committee systems. 

As
of the date hereof, we have not established any Board committees. 

Family
Relationships 

No
family relationship exists between any director, executive officer, or any person contemplated to become such. 

Section
16(A) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance. 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, requires our directors, executive officers and persons who own more than 10 of our common
stock to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common stock and other of our equity securities.
During the year ended September 30, 2021, our officers, directors and 10 stockholders made the required filings pursuant to Section
16(a). 

Possible
Potential Conflicts 

Our
shares are quoted on OTC Pink which does not currently have any director independence requirements. 

No
member of management will be required by us to work on a full time basis. Accordingly, certain conflicts of interest may arise between
us and our officer(s) and director(s) in that they may have other business interests in the future to which they devote their attention,
and they may be expected to continue to do so although management time must also be devoted to our business. As a result, conflicts of
interest may arise that can be resolved only through their exercise of such judgment as is consistent with each officer s understanding
of his/her fiduciary duties to us. 

We
cannot provide assurances that our efforts to eliminate the potential impact of conflicts of interest will be effective. 

21 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

None
of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: 

had any bankruptcy petition
 filed by or against any business of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy or
 within two years prior to that time; 

been convicted in a criminal
 proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offences); 

been subject to any order,
 judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily
 enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities or
 banking activities; 

been found by a court of
 competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to
 have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

been subject or a party
 to or any other disclosable event required by Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K. 

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We
currently do not have a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

Executive
Officers Compensation 

The
following table sets forth information concerning the annual and long-term compensation earned by or paid to our Chief Executive Officer
and to other persons who served as executive officers as at and/or during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 or who earned compensation
exceeding 100,000 during fiscal year 2021 (the named executive officers ), for services as executive officers for the last
two fiscal years. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name and principal position 
 Fiscal year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock awards 
 Option awards 
 Nonequity incentive plan compensation 
 Nonqualified deferred compensation earnings 
 All other compensation 
 Total 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 (e) 
 (f) 
 (g) 
 (h) 
 (i) 
 (j) 

Emil Assentato 
 2021 
 20,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 20,000 
 
 CEO 
 2020 
 20,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 20,000 

Jamal Jamie Khurshid 
 2021 
 43,498 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 43,498 
 
 COO 
 2020 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

) Mr.
 Khurshid was appointed as our Chief Operating Officer on August 2, 2021. 

Employment
Agreements 

On
September 23, 2021, the Company entered into a Consultancy Agreement with Jamal Jamie Khurshid, the Company s COO.
Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Khurshid is employed as Chief Operating Officer of the Company unless terminated pursuant to the terms
of the agreement. During the term of the agreement, Mr. Khurshid is entitled to two hundred and fifteen thousand Euro 215,000)
annually. 

22 

Grants
of Plan Based Awards 

We
did not grant any option to our Executive Officers in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. 

Option
Exercises and Stock Vested 

There
were no options exercised by our executive officers or stock vested to our executive officers during the year ended September 30, 2021. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards 

There
were no outstanding equity awards as of September 30, 2021. 

No
Pension Benefits 

The
Company does not maintain any plan that provides for payments or other benefits to its executive officers at, following or in connection
with retirement and including, without limitation, any tax-qualified defined benefit plans or supplemental executive retirement plans. 

No
Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 

The
Company does not maintain any defined contribution or other plan that provides for the deferral of compensation on a basis that is not
tax-qualified. 

Director
Compensation 

Director
service fees earned by our current directors, both Mr. Assentato and Mr. Marshak, for the year ended September 30, 2021 amounted to 20,000,
for a total of 40,000 in accordance with their letter agreements. 

Agreement
with Craig Marshak 

On
August 1, 2016, Mr. Craig Marshak entered into a letter agreement with us pursuant to which he was appointed as our director in consideration
of an annual fee of 20,000. 

Agreement
with Emil Assentato 

On
August 1, 2016, Mr. Emil Assentato entered into a letter agreement with us pursuant to which he was appointed as our director in consideration
of an annual fee of 20,000. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth certain information as of December 27, 2021 with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock,
the sole outstanding class of our voting securities, by (i) any person or group owning more than 5 of each class of voting securities,
(ii) each director, (iii) each executive officer, and (iv) all executive officers and directors as a group. As of December 27, 2021,
we had 332,024,371 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

23 

Beneficial
ownership is determined under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power over
securities. Except in cases where community property laws apply or as indicated in the footnotes to this table, we believe that each
stockholder identified in the table possesses sole voting and investment power over all shares of common stock shown as beneficially
owned by the stockholder. 

Shares
of common stock subject to options or warrants that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of the date of this report
are considered outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding the options for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership
of that person but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 

Beneficial Ownership 
 
 Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Common Shares 
 Percentage 
 
 Emil Assentato (1) 
 212,224,411 
 63.7 
 
 Jamal Khurshid 
 37,103,039 
 11.1 
 
 Craig Marshak 
 482,080 

All officers and directors as a group (3 persons) 
 249,809,530 
 75.0 

5 or greater beneficial owners: 

Craig Iain Vallis 
 18,247,396 
 5.5 
 
 Oliver James Worsley 
 18,247,396 
 5.5 
 
 5 or greater beneficial owners as a group 
 36,494,792 
 11.0 

Officer and/or
 director of our company 

Less than
 1 

(1) Represent
212,224,411 shares owned by Global Elite Holdings Ltd. which is wholly-owned by an entity that is majority-owned by Emil Assentato, our
CEO, CFO and Chairman. 

Except
as otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner is c/o Nukkleus Inc., 525 Washington Blvd., Jersey City 07310. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Services
provided by related parties 

The
Company uses affiliate employees for various services such as the use of accountants to record the books and accounts of the Company
at no charge to the Company, which are considered immaterial. 

Office
space from related parties 

The Company
uses office space of affiliate companies, free of rent, which is considered immaterial. 

Revenue
from related party and cost of revenue from related party 

The
Company s general support services operate under a GSA with TCM providing personnel and technical support, marketing, accounting,
risk monitoring, documentation processing and customer care and support. The minimum monthly amount received is 1,600,000. 

The
Company s general support services operate under a GSA with FXDIRECT receiving personnel and technical support, marketing, accounting,
risk monitoring, documentation processing and customer care and support. The minimum monthly amount payable is 1,575,000. 

24 

Both
of the above entities are affiliates through common ownership. 

During
the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, general support services provided to the related party, which was recorded as revenue 
general support services - related party on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss were as follows: 

Year
 Ended September 30, 
 2021 
 Year
 Ended September 30, 
 2020 
 
 Service provided to: 

TCM 
 19,200,000 
 19,200,000 

19,200,000 
 19,200,000 

During the
years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, services received from the related party, which was recorded as cost of revenue general
support services - related party on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss were as follows: 

Year
 Ended September 30, 
 2021 
 Year
 Ended September 30, 
 2020 
 
 Service received from: 

FXDIRECT 
 18,900,000 
 18,900,000 

18,900,000 
 18,900,000 

Due
from affiliates 

At
September 30, 2021 and 2020, due from related parties consisted of the following: 

September
 30, 
 2021 
 September
 30, 
 2020 
 
 NUKK Capital ) 
 144,696 
 144,696 
 
 TCM 
 2,473,177 
 3,565,076 
 
 Total 
 2,617,873 
 3,709,772 

) An
entity controlled by Emil Assentato, the Company s chief executive officer, chief financial officer and chairman. 

The
balances of due from NUKK Capital represent the Company s prior investment in digital currency that was transferred to NUKK Capital
in March 2019. The balance of due from TCM represent unsettled funds due related to the General Services Agreement and monies that the
Company paid on behalf of TCM. 

Management
believes that the related parties receivables are fully collectable. Therefore, no allowance for doubtful account is deemed to
be required on its due from related parties at September 30, 2021 and 2020. The Company historically has not experienced uncollectible
receivable from the related parties. 

Due
to affiliates 

At
September 30, 2021 and 2020, due to related parties consisted of the following: 

September
 30, 
 2021 
 September
 30, 
 2020 
 
 Forexware LLC
 ) 
 579,229 
 579,229 
 
 FXDIRECT 
 3,341,893 
 4,111,277 
 
 CMH 
 42,000 
 42,000 
 
 FXDD
 Trading ) 
 294,670 
 471 
 
 Total 
 4,257,792 
 4,732,977 

) Forexware
LLC and FXDD Trading are both controlled by Emil Assentato, the Company s chief executive officer, chief financial officer and
chairman. 

25 

The
balances of due to related parties represent expenses paid by Forexware LLC, FXDIRECT, and FXDD Trading on behalf of the Company and
advances from CMH. The balance due to FXDIRECT may also include unsettled funds due related to the General Service Agreement. 

The
related parties payables are short-term in nature, non-interest bearing, unsecured and repayable on demand. 

Director
Independence 

We
currently do not have any independent directors serving on our board of directors. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

We
do not have an audit committee. Our Board of Directors pre-approves all services, including both audit and non-audit services, provided
by our independent accountants. For audit services, each year the independent auditor provides our board of directors with an engagement
letter outlining the scope of the audit services proposed to be performed during the year, which must be formally accepted by the board
of directors before the audit commences. 

The
independent auditor also submits an audit services fee proposal, which also must be approved by the board of directors before the audit
commences. 

Rotenberg
Meril Solomon Bertiger Guttilla, P.C. served as our independent auditors for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020. The following
table sets forth the fees billed by our principal independent accountants for each of our last two fiscal years for the categories of
services indicated. 

Year
 Ended September 30, 2021 
 Year
 Ended September 30, 2020 
 
 Audit Fees 
 102,500 
 92,000 
 
 Audit Related Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 5,500 
 5,800 
 
 All
 Other Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 108,000 
 97,800 

Audit
fees. Consists of fees billed for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of our Form 10-K, review of our interim financial
statements included in our Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with year-end statutory
and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Audit-related
fees. Consists of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review
of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees , review of our Forms 8-K filings and services that are
normally provided by the accountant in connection with non-year-end statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Tax
fees. Consists of professional services rendered by our accountants for tax compliance, tax advice, tax planning and the preparation
of income tax returns. 

Other
fees. The services provided by our accountants within this category consisted of advice and other services relating to SEC matters,
registration statement review, accounting issues and client conferences. 

26 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

The
following exhibits are incorporated into this Form 10-K Annual Report: 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation filed June 3, 2016 (2) 

3.2 
 
 Statement of Designation, Powers, Preferences and Rights of Series A Preferred Stock (2) 

3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated By-laws of Nukkleus Inc. (3) 

4.1 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between Nukkleus Inc. and Currency Mountain Holdings Bermuda, Limited dated June 3, 2016 (2) 

10.1 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement dated May 24, 2016, by and between Nukkleus Inc., its majority shareholder Charms Investments Ltd., and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Nukkleus Limited and Currency Mountain Holdings Bermuda, Limited (1) 

10.2 
 
 General Service Agreement between Nukkleus Limited and FML Malta Limited dated May 24, 2016 (4) 

10.3 
 
 General Service Agreement between Nukkleus Limited and FXDirectDealer LLC dated May 24, 2016 (1) 

10.4 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement dated May 27, 2016 among Nukkleus Inc., IBIH Limited, the shareholders of IBIH Limited and Currency Mountain Holdings LLC (2) 

10.5 
 
 Amendment No. 1 dated June 2, 2016 to the Asset Purchase Agreement by and between Nukkleus Inc., its majority shareholder Charms Investments Ltd., and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Nukkleus Limited and Currency Mountain Holdings Bermuda, Limited (2) 

10.6 
 
 Amendment No. 1 dated June 3, 2016 to the General Service Agreement between Nukkleus Limited and FXDD Trading Limited (2) 

10.7 
 
 Letter Agreement between Nukkleus Inc. and IBIH Limited dated June 3, 2016 (2) 

10.8 
 
 Director Agreement by and between Nukkleus Inc. and Craig Marshak dated August 1, 2016 (3) 

10.9 
 
 Amendment dated October 17, 2017 of that certain General Service Agreement between Nukkleus Limited and FML Malta Limited (5) 

10.10 
 
 Amendment dated October 17, 2017 of that certain General Service Agreement between Nukkleus Limited and FXDirectDealer LLC (5) 

10.11 
 
 Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release between Nukkleus Inc., IBIH Limited, Terra (FX) Offshore Limited, Ludico Investments Limited, Currency Mountain Holdings LLC and the IBIH Shareholders dated November 17, 2017 (6) 

10.12 
 
 Letter Agreement entered between FML Malta Ltd., FXDD Malta Limited and Nukkleus Limited (7) 

10.13 
 
 Stock Redemption Agreement dated February 13, 2018 between Nukkleus Inc. and Currency Mountain Holdings Bermuda, Limited (8) 

10.14 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement by and between Nukkleus Inc. and Michael Stephen Greenacre, Nicholas Aaron Gregory, Jamal Khurshid, Travers David Lee, Azam Shah, Craig Iain Vallis, Bertram Bartholomew Worsley and Oliver James Worsley dated May 24, 2021 (9) 

10.15 
 
 Stock Option Exercise Agreement by and between Nukkleus Inc. and Michael Stephen Greenacre, Nicholas Aaron Gregory, Jamal Khurshid, Travers David Lee, Azam Shah, Craig Iain Vallis, Bertram Bartholomew Worsley and Oliver James Worsley dated August 30, 2021 (10) 

27 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of the Chief Executive and Financial Officer 

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive and Financial Officer 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
along with this document 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8K Current Report filed with the SEC on May 31, 2016. 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8K Current Report filed with the SEC on June 3, 2016. 
 
 (3) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8K Current Report filed with the SEC on August 9, 2016. 
 
 (4) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8K Current Report filed with the SEC on October 25, 2016. 
 
 (5) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8K Current Report filed with the SEC on October 19, 2017. 
 
 (6) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8K Current Report filed with the SEC on December 5, 2017. 
 
 (7) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 10K Annual Report filed with the SEC on December 27, 2017. 
 
 (8) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 10Q Quarterly Report filed with the SEC on February 13, 2018. 
 
 (9) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8K Current Report filed with the SEC on May 29, 2021. 
 
 (10) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8K Current Report filed with the SEC on September 2, 2021. 

28 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

NUKKLEUS
 INC. 

Dated: December 29, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/
 Emil Assentato 

Emil Assentato 

Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) and Chairman 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on
behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Emil Assentato 
 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), 
 
 December 29, 2021 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) and Chairman 

/s/ Jamal Jamie Khurshid 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 December 29, 2021 

/s/ Craig Marshak 
 
 Director 
 
 December 29, 2021 

29 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 f10k2021ex21-1_nukkleus.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries: 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
 
 Ownership 
 
 Nukkleus Limited 
 
 Bermuda 
 
 100 by Nukkleus, Inc. 
 
 Nukkleus Malta Holding Ltd. 
 
 Malta 
 
 100 by Nukkleus, Inc. 
 
 Markets Direct Technology Group Ltd., formerly known as Nukkleus Exchange Malta Ltd. 
 
 Malta 
 
 100 owned by Nukkleus Malta Holding Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nukkleus, Inc. 
 
 Nukkleus Payments Malta Ltd. 
 
 Malta 
 
 100 owned by Nukkleus Malta Holding Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nukkleus, Inc. 
 
 Match Financial Ltd. 
 
 England and Wales 
 
 100 by Nukkleus, Inc. 
 
 Digital RFQ Ltd. 
 
 England and Wales 
 
 100 by Match Financial Ltd. 
 
 DRFQ Payments Ltd. 
 
 England and Wales 
 
 100 by Digital RFQ
 Ltd. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2021ex31-1_nukkleus.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of the Chief Executive
and Financial Officer 

I, Emil Assentato, CEO and CFO of Nukkleus Inc.,
certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Form 10-K Annual Report of Nukkleus Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. As
sole executive officer of the Registrant, I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. As
sole executive officer of the Registrant, I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 29, 2021 
 /s/ Emil Assentato 

Emil Assentato 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10k2021ex32-1_nukkleus.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned, the Chief Executive and Financial
Officer of Nukkleus Inc (the Company ), certifies that, to his knowledge: 

1. The
report of the Company for the twelve-month period ended September 30, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on this
date (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the
Company. 

Date: December 29, 2021 
 /s/ Emil Assentato 

Emil Assentato 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial
 Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 nukk-20210930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 nukk-20210930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 nukk-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 nukk-20210930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 nukk-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

