<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211123_10-K_edgar_data_52988_0000052988-21-000065.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>23462953</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>476412</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4900005</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7468883</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5444736</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4807898</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000052988-21-000065.hdr.sgml : 20211123
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211123070348
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000052988-21-000065
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		162
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20211001
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211123
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211123

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000052988
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HEAVY CONSTRUCTION OTHER THAN BUILDING CONST - CONTRACTORS [1600]
		IRS NUMBER:				954081636
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1001

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07463
		FILM NUMBER:		211434659

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1999 BRYAN STREET, SUITE 1200
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		214-583-8500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1999 BRYAN STREET, SUITE 1200
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000052988-21-000065.txt : 20211123

10-K
 1
 jec-20211001.htm
 10-K

jec-20211001 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ____ to ____ 
 
 Commission File No. 
 _________________________________________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer identification number) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 _________________________________________________________________ Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 1 par value 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 _________________________________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check-mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act: No 
 Indicate by check-mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check-mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check-mark whether the Registrant: has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check-mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check-mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) Yes No 
 There were shares of common stock outstandin g as of November 12, 2021. The aggregate market value of the Registrant s common equity held by non-af filiates was approximately billion as of April 2, 2021, based upon the last reported sales price on the New York Stock Exchange on that date. 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. 
 Fiscal 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 Table of Contents Item Page No. Part I 
 Item 1. Business 
 Page 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Page 21 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 Page 46 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Page 46 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 Page 46 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 
 Page 46 
 Part II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Page 47 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 Page 48 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Page 48 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Page 64 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Page 64 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants On Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 Page 64 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Page 64 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 Page 66 
 Part III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Page 67 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Page 67 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Page 67 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Page 67 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 Page 67 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 Page 68 
 Signatures 
 Page 71 

Page 2 

PART I 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 In addition to historical information, this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are statements that do not directly relate to any historical or current fact. When used herein, words such as "expects," "anticipates," "believes," "seeks," "estimates," "plans," "intends," future, will, would, could, can, may, and similar words are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements we make concerning the potential continued effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, financial condition and results of operations and our expectations as to our future growth, prospects, financial outlook and business strategy for fiscal 2022 or future fiscal years and the anticipated benefits of the strategic investment in PA Consulting. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Although such statements are based on management s current estimates and expectations and/or currently available competitive, financial, and economic data, forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain and you should not place undue reliance on such statements as actual results may differ materially. We caution the reader that there are a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from what is contained, projected or implied by our forward-looking statements.. Such factors include the magnitude, timing, duration and ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the emergence and spread of variants of COVID-19 and any resulting economic downturn on our results, prospects and opportunities;, measures or restrictions imposed by governments and health officials in response to the pandemic, including the requirement for vaccination of our workforce, or if such orders, measures or restrictions are re-imposed after being lifted or eased, including as a result of increases in cases of COVID-19; the effectiveness and distribution of vaccines or treatments for COVID-19, the timing and scope of any government stimulus programs enacted in response to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, including, but not limited to, any additional infrastructure-related stimulus programs, and the timing of the award of projects and funding under the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act signed into law by President Biden on November 15, 2021. The impact of such matters includes, but is not limited to, the possible reduction in demand for certain of our services and the delay or abandonment of ongoing or anticipated projects due to the financial condition of our clients and suppliers or to governmental budget constraints or changes to governmental budgetary priorities; the inability of our clients to meet their payment obligations in a timely manner or at all; potential issues and risks related to a significant portion of our employees working remotely; illness, travel restrictions and other workforce disruptions that have, and could continue to, negatively affect our supply chain and our ability to timely and satisfactorily complete our clients projects; difficulties associated with hiring of additional employees; and the inability of governments in certain of the countries in which we operate to effectively mitigate the financial or other impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on their economies and workforces and our operations therein. The foregoing factors and potential future developments are inherently uncertain, unpredictable and, in many cases, beyond our control. For a description of these and additional factors that may occur that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements, see Item 1A Risk Factors below. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions or updates to any forward-looking statements. We encourage you to read carefully the risk factors described herein and in other documents we file from time to time with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, all references herein to "Jacobs" or the "Registrant" are to Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. and its predecessors, and references to the "Company", "we", "us" or "our" are to Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

Item 1. BUSINESS 
 At Jacobs, we re challenging today to reinvent tomorrow by solving the world s most critical problems for thriving cities, resilient environments, mission-critical outcomes, operational advancement, scientific discovery and cutting-edge manufacturing, turning abstract ideas into realities that transform the world for good. Leveraging a talent force of approximately 55,000, Jacobs provides a full spectrum of professional services including consulting, technical, scientific and project delivery for the government and private sector. 
 Our deep global domain knowledge applied together with the latest advances in technology are why customers large and small choose to partner with Jacobs. We operate in two lines of business areas: Critical Mission Solutions and People Places Solutions, as well as a third business segment as a result of our majority investment in PA Consulting Group Limited ("PA Consulting"). 
 Page 3 

Our three-year accelerated profitable growth strategy launched at our Investor Day in February 2019 focused on innovation and continued transformation to build upon our position as the leading solutions provider for our clients. Setting the wheels in motion for our current path, this transformation most recently included acquiring a 65 stake in PA Consulting. Recent acquisitions of John Wood Group s nuclear business and The Buffalo Group ("Buffalo Group") further position us as a leader in high-value government services and technology-enabled solutions. 
 We are now focused on broadening our leadership in sustainable, high growth sectors. As part of our strategy, our new brand promise: Challenging today. Reinventing tomorrow. signals our transition to a global technology-forward solutions company. We began trading as J on the New York Stock Exchange in December 2019, and in March 2021 our Global Industry Classifications Standard (GICS code changed to Research Consulting Services. Our Focus 2023 Transformation Office is charged with driving further innovation, delivering value-creating solutions for our clients and leveraging an integrated digital and technology strategy to improve our efficiency and effectiveness, ultimately freeing up valuable time and resources for reinvestment in our people. 
 Jacobs is poised to launch a new three-year strategy that builds on our success over the past three years and takes advantage of a new lens crafted from the incredible pace of change in the world and in our markets. Our new strategy will be driven by our values and reflective of our vision of becoming a company like no other. 
 Revenue by Type (Fiscal Year 2021) 
 
 Technology and Consulting includes engineering and design, cybersecurity, data analytics, systems and software application integration services and consulting, enterprise and mission IT services, nuclear services, enterprise level operations and maintenance and other highly technical consulting solutions within Critical Mission Solutions (CMS) and data analytics, artificial intelligence and automation, software development as well as digitally-driven engineering and design, consulting, planning and architecture, program management and other highly technical consulting solutions within People Places Solutions (P PS). PA Consulting (PA), in which Jacobs has invested a 65 stake, offers end-to-end innovation, accelerating new growth ideas from concept, through design, development, and to commercial success and revitalizing organizations, building the leadership, culture, systems and processes to make innovation a reality. 
 Project Delivery Services includes management and execution of wind-tunnel design-build projects in CMS and progressive design-build for water and construction management for our Advanced Facilities business in P PS. We believe these services are lower risk. 
 Pass-through Revenue includes P PS procurement activities and revenue where we are acting as principal for subcontract labor or third-party materials and equipment and are consequently reflected in both revenues and costs. 
 Page 4 

Challenging today. Reinventing tomorrow 
 Our values continue to guide our behaviors, relationships and outcomes - allowing us to act as one company and unify us worldwide when interacting with our clients, employees, communities and shareholders. 
 We do things right . We always act with integrity taking responsibility for our work, caring for our people and staying focused on safety and sustainability. We make investments in our clients, people and communities, so we can grow together. 
 We challenge the accepted. We know that to create a better future, we must ask the difficult questions. We always stay curious and are not afraid to try new things. 
 We aim higher. We do not settle always looking beyond to raise the bar and deliver with excellence. We are committed to our clients by bringing innovative solutions that lead to profitable growth and shared success. 
 We live inclusion. We put people at the heart of our business. We have an unparalleled focus on inclusion, with a diverse team of visionaries, thinkers and doers. We embrace all perspectives, collaborating to make a positive impact. 
 These values underpin our three-pillar strategy to become the employer of choice, deliver connected and sustainable solutions, and leverage technology-enabled execution. 
 
 Page 5 

We do things right 
 From the way we operate our business, to the work we perform with clients and other organizations, we look at ways we can make a positive environmental, societal and economic difference for our people, businesses, governments and communities around the world. 

PlanBeyond SM 2.0 is our enhanced sustainable business strategy that propels the integration of sustainability throughout our operations and client solutions in alignment with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs). 
 Leadership on climate response and social value 
 Detailed in our Carbon Neutrality Commitment, we became carbon neutral for our operations and business travel in 2020, and we are now focused on fulfilling our science-based carbon-reduction targets for our direct and indirect emissions. 
 Our ESG Disclosures Report shares our Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) performance, reported in alignment with the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) framework. 
 Our partnership with Simetrica (a U.K.-based organization that specializes in social value measurement and well-being analysis) enables us to help clients understand how they can transform local, city and regional decision-making identifying innovative, inclusive and ethical investments that will drive social change, spread prosperity and meet the growing challenges facing communities. 
 Jacobs. A world where you can 
 We put people at the heart of our business: we are a merit-based organization that is inclusive and diverse; we aim to continually recruit and develop the best talent. 
 We are building an inclusive and diverse culture to provide a solid foundation for selecting, developing and retaining the best and brightest minds at Jacobs. Our eight Jacobs Employee Networks (JENs) play a critical role in attracting new talent into our business, helping to shape our recruiting strategies, our science, technology, engineering, arts and math (STEAM) programs, and our accessibility practices. 
 Conducting our business with integrity 
 Jacobs' ethics and Code of Conduct are rooted in our values and provide the standards and support to help us successfully navigate issues, make the right decisions and conduct our business with the integrity that reflects our heritage and ethical reputation. We hold our suppliers and business partners to the same standards. 
 Our culture of caring 
 As global challenges to our security, well-being and ability to operate evolve, our BeyondZero strategy continues to drive a safer, more secure, healthier, and more resilient future for our Jacobs family. We stay focused on managing HSE and security risks effectively and leveraging our Culture of Caring to deliver the best outcomes for our people, the environment, our clients, our communities and our shareholders. And through our mental health matters program , we empower our workforce, so they know they work in an environment where their mental health and well-being is the top priority and where everyone can "bring their best whole self to work." 
 Supporting our communities 
 We focus on putting our values into practice. Around the world, our people craft solutions that affect the way people live; helping to improve social, environmental and economic resiliency. As part of our PlanBeyond 2.0 sustainability strategy, the Collectively program (our Global Giving and Volunteering program) governs and centralizes our giving strategy and budget and provides a user-friendly way for employees to donate and volunteer. 
 Page 6 

We challenge the accepted 
 To us, everything we do whether tackling water scarcity, aging infrastructure, access to life-saving therapies or sophisticated cyberattacks is more than a job. We work every day to make the world better for all. 
 For us, innovation means creating and delivering value and Beyond If SM is our award-winning global innovation program instilling and sustaining our innovation culture. It represents our creativity and agility to challenge the accepted, with the domain expertise to push beyond our boundaries and deliver for today and into tomorrow. We act to turn ideas into reality and create outcomes that deliver value for our clients and society at large. 
 We aim higher 
 We take on some of the world s biggest challenges, bringing a different way of thinking to everything we do, challenging the status quo and questioning what others might accept. We craft solutions that affect the way people live. From first-of-its-kind environmental cleanup efforts, helping communities adapt and thrive to retrofitting vaccine facilities to protect public health, we solve for better, never losing sight of our responsibility to each other. 
 The table below highlights key focus areas where we combine our deep domain knowledge with the latest advances in technology to deliver solutions to solve our customer's most complex challenges. 

BeyondExcellence is our global program focused on quality, performance excellence, continual improvement and recognizing those who set the new standard through our awards program. Our BeyondExcellence Awards celebrate those who raise the bar and deliver the extraordinary with excellence. 
 
 We live inclusion 
 At Jacobs, we understand that inclusion means going beyond statements, commitments and initiatives to take tangible action that drives meaningful, measurable change both in our company and in the communities that we serve. It means 
 Page 7 

creating a workplace where our differences are not just accepted but are celebrated and harnessed to bring the innovative, extraordinary solutions to life that our clients demand from us. It means creating a culture of belonging where everyone can thrive a culture that we call TogetherBeyond . 
 Our eight Jacobs Employee Networks (JENs) promote inclusion and equality, not only within Jacobs but with our clients, potential recruits and within the communities that we serve. The JENs are employee-led and organized, partnering with leadership to shape an inclusive organization and ensure everyone feels that they belong. 
 
 Our global Action Plan for Advancing Justice and Equality sets out actionable initiatives and measurable objectives to address racial inequalities both within Jacobs and in communities across the world. The plan is about achieving true equality for all our employees current and future, with a focus on empowering our Black employees to advance and achieve at Jacobs. It's about doing our part as a global leader to educate and change the culture in our communities reaching future talent early to highlight and celebrate their potential. 
 We maintain agile and disciplined capital deployment 
 M A and Divestitures 
 Consistent with our profitable growth strategy, Jacobs pursues acquisitions, divestitures, strategic investments and other transactions to maximize long-term value by continuing to reshape its portfolio to higher value solutions and accelerating its profitable growth strategy. The company has made the following recent acquisitions, strategic investments and divestitures: 
 Page 8 

On November 19, 2021, Jacobs consummated its previously announced acquisition of BlackLynx ("BlackLynx"). Pursuant to and subject to the terms and conditions of Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), Jacobs acquired all of BlackLynx's outstanding shares of common stock, in a transaction valued at up to 257.5 million, on a cash-free, debt-free basis, including base consideration of 250 million, and a potential earn-out payment of up to 7.5 million. The amount of any earnout payment will depend on BlackLynx achieving certain revenue and gross margin thresholds in calendar year 2022. The purchase price was paid in cash and is subject to customary post-closing adjustments. 
 On March 2, 2021, Jacobs completed the strategic investment of a 65 interest in PA Consulting, a UK-based leading innovation and transformation consulting firm. The total consideration paid by the Company was 1.7 billion, funded through cash on hand, a new term loan and draws on the Company's existing revolver. The remaining 35 interest is held by PA Consulting employees. 
 On November 24, 2020, Jacobs completed the acquisition of Buffalo Group, a leader in advanced cyber and intelligence solutions. 
 On March 6, 2020, Jacobs acquired the nuclear consulting, remediation and program management business of John Wood Group ("John Wood Group" or "Wood Group"), a U.K.-based energy services company. 
 On June 12, 2019, Jacobs acquired The KeyW Holding Corporation KeyW ), a U.S.-based national security technology solutions provider to the intelligence, cyber, and counterterrorism communities. 
 On April 26, 2019, Jacobs completed the sale of its Energy, Chemicals and Resources ("ECR") business to Worley Limited, a company incorporated in Australia ("Worley"), for a purchase price of 3.4 billion consisting of (i) 2.8 billion in cash plus (ii) 58.2 million ordinary shares of Worley, subject to adjustments for changes in working capital and certain other items (the ECR sale ). ECR provided engineering and construction services mainly for energy, chemicals and resources sectors. With the sale of ECR, the Company has exited direct hire construction and fixed price lump sum energy-related construction. 
 On December 15, 2017, Jacobs acquired CH2M, a provider of consulting and other services in the water, environmental, transportation and nuclear remediation sectors. 
 Share Repurchases 
 During fiscal 2021, the Company repurcha sed 274.9 million in shares. 
 Shareholder Dividends 
 During fiscal 2021, the Company paid dividen ds of .19 per share in the first quarter and .21 per share in the second, third and fourth quarters. 
 Impact of COVID-19 on Our Business 
 In fiscal 2021, demand for certain of our services, including those supporting health care relief efforts relating to COVID-19, increased as a result of COVID-19. Notwithstanding our continuing critical operations, COVID-19 negatively impacted parts of our business, and may have further adverse impacts on our continued operations, including those listed and discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Looking ahead, we have developed contingency plans to reduce costs further if the situation further deteriorates or lasts longer than current expectations. We continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further actions that alter our business operations as may be necessary or appropriate for the health and safety of employees, contractors, customers, suppliers or others or as required by international, federal, state or local authorities. 
 Based on current estimates, we expect the impact of COVID-19 to continue through fiscal 2022, although to a lesser degree than what was seen in fiscal 2021 and 2020. Although this business disruption is expected to be temporary, significant uncertainty exists concerning the magnitude, duration and impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, including with regard to the effects on our customers, customer demand for our services and supply chain. Accordingly, actual results for future fiscal periods could differ materially versus current expectations and current results and financial condition discussed herein may not be indicative of future operating results and trends. 
 Looking forward to the future of work, we are embracing and rethinking how we will work differently - honing our capabilities to better help our clients adjust, innovate and implement. Our reimagined solutions drive resilient outcomes now through the pandemic to what comes next as the world changes and we face other unprecedented challenges. 
 Page 9 

For a discussion of risks and uncertainties related to COVID-19, including the potential impacts on our business, financial condition and results of operations, see Item 1A - Risk Factors . 
 Page 10 

Lines of Business 
 The services we provide fall into the following two lines of business (LOB): Critical Mission Solutions (CMS), People Places Solutions (P PS) and a majority investment in PA Consulting (PA), which are also the Company s reportable segments. For additional information regarding our segments, including information about our financial results by segment and financial results by geography, see Note 20 - Segment Information of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Critical Mission Solutions (CMS) 
 Our Critical Mission Solutions line of business provides a full spectrum of cyber, data analytics, systems and software application integration services and consulting, enterprise level operations and maintenance and mission IT, engineering and design, enterprise operations and maintenance, program management, and other highly technical consulting solutions to government agencies as well as commercial customers and international markets. Our representative clients include the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD), the Combatant Commands, the U.S. Intelligence Community, NASA, the U.S. Department of Energy (DoE), U.K. Ministry of Defence, the U.K. Nuclear Decommissioning Authority (NDA), and the Australian Department of Defence, as well as private sector customers mainly in the aerospace, automotive, energy and telecom sectors. 
 
 Serving mission-critical end markets 
 Critical Mission Solutions serves broad sectors, including U.S. government services, cyber, nuclear, commercial and international sectors. 
 
 Fiscal Year 2021 
 
 The U.S. Government is the world s largest buyer of technical services, and in fiscal 2021, approximately 74 of CMS s revenue was earned from serving the DoD, Intelligence Community and Federal Civilian governmental entities. 
 Trends affecting our government clients include information warfare, cyber, IT modernization, space exploration and intelligence, defense systems and intelligent asset management, which are driving demand for our highly technical solutions. 
 Page 11 

Another trend we are witnessing is an increase in the capabilities of unmanned aircraft and hypersonic weapons, which is impacting both offensive and defensive spending priorities among our clients and is a driver for next generation solutions such as C5ISR (command, control, communications, computer, combat systems, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance) and advanced aeronautical testing, respectively. We are also seeing an increase in space exploration initiatives both from the U.S. government, such as NASA s Artemis program to return to the moon in 2024, as well as the commercial sector. 
 Within the nuclear sector, our customers have decades-long initiatives to manage, upgrade, decommission and remediate existing energy infrastructure and nuclear defense facilities. 
 Our international customers, which accounted for 18 of fiscal 2021 revenue, have also increased demand for our IT and cybersecurity solutions and nuclear projects, and the U.K. Ministry of Defence continues to focus on accelerating its strategic innovative and technology focused initiatives. 
 Leveraging our base market of offering valued technical services to U.S. government customers, CMS also serves commercial markets. In fiscal 2021, approximately 8 of CMS s revenue was from various U.S. commercial sectors, including the telecommunications sector, which anticipates a large cellular infrastructure build-out from 4G to 5G technology. And like our government facility-based clients, our commercial manufacturing clients are seeking ways to reduce maintenance costs and optimize their facilities with network connected facilities and equipment to optimize operational systems, which we refer to as Intelligent Asset Management. 

Page 12 

People Places Solutions (P PS) 
 Jacobs' People Places Solutions line of business provides end-to-end solutions for our clients most complex challenges whether climate change, energy transition, connected mobility, integrated water management, smart cities or vaccine manufacturing. In doing so, we incorporate the full spectrum of data science and technology-enabled toolsets within a people-centric solution development and delivery framework. We embrace inclusive engagement of partners and stakeholders and generate enduring social equity/value through consulting, planning, architecture, design and engineering project outcomes, as well as long-term operation of facilities and infrastructure. Solutions may be delivered as standalone engagements or through comprehensive program management that integrates disparate workstreams to yield additional benefits not attainable through project-by-project implementation. We also provide progressive design-build and construction management at-risk delivery solutions in targeted markets. 
 Our clients include national, state and local government in the U.S., Europe, U.K., Middle East, Australia, New Zealand and Asia, as well as multinational private sector clients throughout the world. 
 Fiscal Year 2021 
 
 Serving broad industry sectors that support people and places 
 Aging infrastructure; climate action; urbanization; water, food and energy security; global supply chains; pandemic preparedness and response; environmental, social, and corporate governance (ESG); and digital transformation are driving new challenges and opportunities for our clients. These drivers are highlighting the need for holistic, integrated technology solutions that draw on the domain knowledge in the multidisciplinary consulting and delivery expertise of our global workforce. For example, an airport is no longer simply aviation infrastructure but is now a smart city with extensive operational, cybersecurity and autonomous mobility requirements, as well as the contactless travel requirements necessary to best manage COVID-19. Master planning for a city now requires advanced analytics to plan for climate adaption and next-generation mobility as well as revenue generating fiber infrastructure. The future of nearly all water infrastructure will be highly technology-enabled, leveraging solutions with digital twins, predictive analytics and smart metering technology to ensure we're giving communities, industries and regions the secure water resource they need to flourish and expand. 
 Page 13 

This increase in technology requirements is a key factor in our organic growth strategy as well as our recent acquisitions, strategic investments and divestitures. Our business model is evolving to provide a broader spectrum of digital- and technology-enabled solutions to address our infrastructure clients' challenges with less exposure to craft construction services. Our focus on the five core sectors of Transportation, Water, Built Environment, Environmental and Advanced Facilities provides us with the ability to leverage our expansive domain expertise across all global markets, enabling truly end-to-end connected solutions for our clients' most complex major projects and programs, including Expo 2020 Dubai, the Thames Estuary Asset Management (TEAM 2100) and the LaGuardia Airport Redevelopment. 
 A strong foundation of data-rich innovative solutions is woven into every project that we deliver. This may include Jacobs-developed proprietary software that employs an array of technical expertise to enable the most efficient, effective and predictable solutions for our clients. 
 PA Consulting (PA) 
 
 Jacobs invested in a 65 stake in PA, the consultancy that is Bringing Ingenuity to Life. Its diverse teams of experts combine innovative thinking and breakthrough use of technologies to progress further, faster. PA s clients adapt and transform and achieve enduring results. An innovation and transformation consultancy, PA's roughly 3,300 employees work across seven sectors: consumer and manufacturing, defense and security, energy and utilities, financial services, government, health and life sciences, and transport. PA people are strategists, innovators, designers, consultants, digital experts, scientists, engineers and technologists. The team operates globally from offices across the U.K., U.S., Nordics and the Netherlands. 
 
 PA offers end-to-end innovation, accelerating new growth ideas from concept, through design, development, and to commercial success, and revitalizing organizations, building the leadership, culture, systems and processes to make innovation a reality. The company has a diverse mix of private and public sector clients, from global household names to start-ups, to national and local public services. 
 
 Jacobs and PA recognize that unprecedented changes in society and technology are creating new opportunities to make a positive impact, and together, the companies are supporting clients to address five key trends: product and service innovation; the future of work; sustainability and climate change; the quest to lead healthier lives; and the challenges of keeping people (and the organizations they work for) safe. PA s distinct brand, market positioning and competitive differentiation positions the company well to help clients respond and seize new opportunities. 
 PA led the efforts to design, manufacture and distribute thousands of lifesaving ventilators as part of the U.K. Ventilator Challenge, and has continued to support the U.K. Government s COVID-19 response throughout 2021. Other work during 2021 includes re-designing the U.K. Army s Operating Model, working as the Home Office s Software Engineering partner for border safety, and working with the U.K. MOD s Defence Science Technology Laboratory and the Danish National Genome Center. 
 Page 14 

Recently, PA has been appointed by the U.K. Government to design an iconic electric vehicle charge point to accelerate the transition to electric vehicles. And PA and Jacobs together announced a joint framework win, with the U.K. s Department for Environment, Food Rural Affairs, for business transformation and delivery. 
 PA has seen growth projects across key industries within the private sector, including Consumer Manufacturing, Health Life Sciences, Transportation and Financial Services. 

Energy, Chemicals and Resources (ECR) 
 ECR Disposition 
 On April 26, 2019, Jacobs completed the sale of its Energy, Chemicals and Resources (ECR) business to Worley Limited, a company incorporated in Australia (Worley), for a purchase price of 3.4 billion consisting of (i) 2.8 billion in cash plus (ii) 58.2 million ordinary shares of Worley, subject to adjustments for changes in working capital and certain other items (the ECR sale). 
 As a result of the ECR sale, substantially all ECR-related assets and liabilities were sold (the "Disposal Group"). We determined that the disposal group should be reported as discontinued operations in accordance with ASC 210-05, Discontinued Operations because their disposal represents a strategic shift that had a major effect on our operations and financial results. As such, the financial results of the ECR business are reflected in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings as discontinued operations for all periods presented. Additionally, assets and liabilities of the ECR business were reflected as held-for-sale in the Consolidated Balance Sheets through September 27, 2019. As of the year ended October 2, 2020, all of the ECR business to be sold under the terms of the sale has been conveyed to Worley and as such, no amounts remained held for sale. For further discussion, see Note 16- Sale of Energy, Chemicals and Resources ("ECR") Business to the consolidated financial statements. 
 Significant Customers 
 The following table sets forth the percentage of total revenues earned directly or indirectly from agencies of the U.S. federal government for each of the last three fiscal years: 
 2021 2020 2019 33 33 27 
 Given the percentage of total revenue derived directly from the U.S. federal government, the loss of U.S. federal government agencies as customers could have a material adverse effect on the Company. In addition, any or all of our government contracts could be terminated, we could be suspended or debarred from all government contract work, or payment of our costs could be disallowed. Approximately 83 of revenue derived directly from the U.S. federal government is in the CMS segment. For more information on risks relating to our government contracts, see Item 1A - Risk Factors. 
 Contracts 
 While there is considerable variation in the pricing provisions of the contracts we undertake, our contracts generally fall into two broad categories: cost-reimbursable and fixed-price. The following table sets forth the percentages of total revenues represented by these types of contracts for each of the last three fiscal years: 
 2021 2020 2019 Cost-reimbursable 76 76 76 Fixed-price, limited risk 18 17 18 Fixed-price, at risk 6 7 6 
 In accordance with industry practice, most of our contracts (including those with the U.S. federal government) are subject to termination at the discretion of the client, which is discussed in greater detail in Item 1A - Risk Factors . In such situations, our contracts typically provide for reimbursement of costs incurred and payment of fees earned through the date of termination. 
 Page 15 

Cost-Reimbursable Contracts 
 Cost-reimbursable contracts generally provide for reimbursement of costs incurred plus an amount of profit. The profit element may be in the form of a simple mark-up applied to the labor costs incurred or it may be in the form of a fee, or a combination of a mark-up and a fee. The fee element can also take several forms. The fee may be a fixed amount; it may be an amount based on a percentage of the costs incurred; or it may be an incentive fee based on targets, milestones, or performance factors defined in the contract. 
 Fixed-Price Contracts 
 Fixed-price contracts include both lump sum bid contracts and negotiated fixed-price contracts. Under lump sum bid contracts, we typically bid against competitors based on client-furnished specifications. This type of pricing presents certain inherent risks, including the possibility of ambiguities in the specifications received, problems with new technologies, and economic and other changes that may occur over the contract period. Additionally, it is not unusual for lump sum bid contracts to lead to an adversarial relationship with clients, which is contrary to our relationship-based business model. Accordingly, lump sum bid contracts are not our preferred form of contract. In contrast, under a negotiated fixed-price contract, we are selected as the contractor first and then we negotiate a price with our client. Negotiated fixed-price contracts frequently exist in single-responsibility arrangements where we perform some portion of the work before negotiating the total price of the project. Thus, although both types of contracts involve a firm price for the client, the lump sum bid contract provides the greater degree of risk to us in our services contracts as well as construction. However, because of economies that may be realized during the contract term, both negotiated fixed-price and lump sum bid contracts may offer greater profit potential than other types of contracts. The Company carefully manages the risk inherent in these types of contracts. In recent years, most of our fixed-price work has been either negotiated fixed-price contracts or lump sum bid contracts for design and/or project services, rather than turnkey construction. 
 Competition 
 We compete with a large number of companies across the world including technology consulting, federal IT services, aerospace, defense and engineering firms. Typically, no single company or companies dominate the markets in which we provide services and in many cases we partner with our competitors or other companies to jointly pursue projects. AECOM, Booz Allen, CACI, KBR, Leidos, Parsons, SAIC, Tetra Tech, WSP, General Dynamics, Northrop Grumman, Accenture, Stantec, Montrose, Capgemini, Cognizant, DXC Technology, Fluor, 3LHarris, Quanta Services, SNC-Lavalin, IBM, Infosys, Deloitte, KPMG, PwC, ICF International and Huron are some of our competitors. We compete based on the following factors, among others: technical capabilities, reputation for quality, price of services, safety record, availability of qualified personnel, and ability to timely perform work and contract terms. 
 Human Capital Management 
 At Jacobs, our people are the heart of our business. With our culture of caring and inclusion as our foundation, we celebrate the differences that drive our collective strength and encourage our employees that there is no limit to who they can be and what we can achieve. Together we deliver extraordinary solutions for a better tomorrow and live by our employee value statement: Jacobs. A world where you can. 
 As of October 1, 2021, we had a workforce of approximately 55,000 people worldwide, including a contingent workforce of approximately 3,000 people. The breakdown of our employees by region is as follows: 
 Region Percentage of Global Workforce (1) 
 Americas 61 Europe (including U.K) 23 Asia Pacific (including India) 13 Middle East and Africa 3 (1) Excludes contingent workforce 
 
 Attracting, Engaging and Developing our Workforce 
 The success of Jacobs is dependent on our ability to hire, retain, engage and leverage highly qualified employees, across the full spectrum of technical, professional, scientific and consulting disciplines. We put the spotlight on ensuring that Jacobs is an employer of choice in every way: we are a merit-based organization that is inclusive and diverse; we are 
 Page 16 

building an inclusive culture where all employees feel they belong. Our culture is the foundation for selecting, developing and retaining the best and brightest minds at Jacobs. Our eight Jacobs Employee Networks play a critical role in attracting new talent into our business, helping to shape our recruiting strategies and policies, our science, technology, engineering, arts and math (STEAM) programs, and our accessibility practices. In fiscal 2021, more than1,900 graduates, interns and apprentices were welcomed to our global team; making a total of approximately 3,500 early career talent working with us. 
 In fiscal year 2021, our people took the time to share honest, unfiltered feedback in our confidential culture survey. The results were overwhelmingly positive, with the majority of respondents feeling connected to our values, inspired by our culture of integrity, safety, and inclusion and proud to be part of Jacobs. We shared six priority areas, along with a set of dynamic dashboards, enabling all employees to see survey data relevant to them. 
 Our unique employee experience platform e3: engage. excel. elevate. is not just a system but a mindset for developing our employees through continuous feedback and celebrations, aligning priorities, learning new skills and upskilling knowledge. To date, 97 of our employees have participated in their current annual conversation about their priorities and accomplishments. In fiscal year 2021, we launched 1,696 new courses across ten learning spaces, including our new Advocate Ally development program. In partnership with the Royal Scottish Geographical Society, we launched the Climate Solutions Accelerator online course to employees to help them understand the role they can play in climate change action and continue to develop the critical green skills and solutions needed for our continually evolving world. We expanded our Executive Leadership Program, developed by Jacobs in partnership with Duke Corporate Education, with 224 of our next level leaders participating in our Amplif(i)3 Program. We accelerated talent development in creating sustainable solutions through our participation in the UN Global Compact Young SDG Innovators program. And, we published our No Harassment, Discrimination, Bullying and Violence Policy on our external Jacobs website. 
 
 Focus on Inclusion and Diversity 
 At Jacobs we have an unparalleled focus on inclusion, with a diverse team of visionaries, thinkers and doers. We embrace all perspectives, collaborating to make a positive impact. Joining, belonging and thriving are Jacobs key elements in retaining talent and developing a culture where people want to stay and a place where you can bring your best, whole self to work. 
 TogetherBeyond is our approach to living inclusion every day and enabling diversity and equity globally it is not just about numbers and statistics, but about every one of our people and the collective strength we take from their unique perspectives and ambitions. 
 Operationalizing TogetherBeyond is supported by the strength of tangible leadership commitment and accountability at Jacobs. Our Board of Directors is now 55 diverse, (race and gender) and our Executive Leadership Team is 67 diverse. 
 Having a culture of belonging where everyone can join in and thrive allows us to recruit and retain the best global talent and drive innovative solutions for our business, clients and communities. Through TogetherBeyond, we tackle topics that are important to our employees such as equality, unconscious bias and allyship. While providing training and resources to our people is important over 97 of them have completed our Advocate Ally inclusion learning program equally effective are the regular authentic and courageous conversations our grassroots employee networks are creating around these topics. 
 We are committed to holding all leaders accountable to making sure that broad based diversity is reflected in their own teams, using data analytics to measure our progress with the same rigor and transparency as our financial performance metrics. Inclusive behaviors are now a key formal component of all our leaders performance and salary reviews, and all leaders at Vice President level and above are required to mentor two or more junior members of staff, at least one of whom must have different lived a experience from themselves (i.e. on the basis of ethnicity, gender, race, geography, disability, sexuality or veteran status). This framework supports our Global Action Plan for Advancing Justice and Equality and our 2025 aspirational 40:40:20 goal (40 men, 40 women and 20 any gender) and ensures that we are propelling a new generation of diverse visionary thinkers throughout our company. 
 Page 17 

As of October 1, 2021, our U.S. employees had the following race and ethnicity demographics: 
 October 1, 2021 
 All U.S. Employees (1) White 70.0 Hispanic / Latinx 9.3 Black 8.6 Asian 7.1 Multiracial 2.3 American Indian or Alaska Native 0.5 Native Hawaiian / Other Pacific Islander 0.4 Not provided 1.8 (1) Includes U.S. employee population only (excluding approximately 2,000 craft employees) 
 Our focus on creating equal opportunities within Jacobs, including as to historically underrepresented groups, continues to increase as we deliver on the promises laid out in our Global Action Plan for Advancing Justice and Equality launched in fiscal year 2020. 
 In partnership with McKinsey, nearly 300 talented employees are participating in their Connected Leaders Academy programs, which seek to create a unique learning environment and safe space for sharing common experiences, helping promising Black, Latinx and Asian employees build their network and become part of a new wave of Jacobs leaders. 
 Our Black and Latinx employee networks, Harambee and Enlace, continue to lead STEAM outreach efforts in the communities that we serve and are working to bring a new generation of diverse visionaries from underrepresented and underserved groups into the industry. 
 As of October 1, 2021, our global employees had the following gender demographics: 
 October 1, 2021 
 Women Men All employees 30.0 
 70.0 
 
 U.S. combined diverse talent (ethnicity female) was 47.4 . In partnership with our Women s Network, we launched gender-balanced interview teams, provided flexible working arrangements, improved caregiver leave, rolled out our first domestic violence policy in Australia/NZ, piloted a Male Champions of Change allyship program and created Bridge the Gap , a program that actively support parents returning to work. 
 We are taking action in connection with our Prism network to ensure that our LGBTQ+ family can truly bring their whole best self to work , establishing gender-neutral restrooms, training HR specialists on transgender guidelines and ensuring U.S. healthcare plans are inclusive. 
 Through VetNet, our employee network for veterans, their families and current military reserve members, we continue to work to recruit, develop and retain the best military and veteran talent, partnering with key organizations like Hiring Our Heroes, Boots2Roots and HirePurpose. We were proud to receive the HIRE Vets Gold Medallion for Veteran Recruiting. 
 Our One World employee network continues to celebrate cultures around the globe and to foster global connectivity, nurturing and supporting our diverse employees and clients across all ethnicities and cultures. 
 Our ACE employee network connects and empowers members living with disability, health challenges or neurodiversity, and those who provide care to others. ACE embraces the social model of disability which aims to identify and remove the social, digital, and physical barriers that create exclusion in the workplace and society in general. 
 Page 18 

Through our Jacobs Careers Network (JCN), we empower every employee to maximize their potential and make Jacobs the industry leader and workplace of choice. JCN organizes and supports career-enriching development and networking opportunities in all our geographies. 
 Looking ahead, we will continue to focus on inclusion, belonging and diversity by: 
 Continuing action through our global Action Plan for Advancing Justice and Equality 
 Striving to achieve our aspirational goals of creating a more gender-balanced and a more racially/ethnically diverse workforce around the globe to more appropriately reflect the labor markets and communities in which we live and serve 
 Amplifying our culture of belonging and helping all employees see the various communities they can engage with at Jacobs so that everyone has a sense of belonging 
 Following through on our six priority areas identified through our global culture survey 
 Identifying, developing and promoting allies across Jacobs 
 Our Employees Safety and Well-being 
 As global challenges to our security, well-being and ability to operate evolve, we stay focused on managing HSE and security risks effectively and leveraging our Culture of Caring to deliver the best outcomes for our people, the environment and our company. Our new BeyondZero strategy continues to drive a safer, more secure, healthier, and more resilient future for our Jacobs family, our communities and the environment. We are maturing our business continuity program to assure business delivery and resilience in an ever-changing operational environment. 
 We also continue to demonstrate safety excellence with another year of zero employee fatalities at work and a total recordable incident rate 1 of 0.21, compared to the North American Industry Classification System s most recently reported 2 aggregate rate of 0.70. 
 Our new global well-being strategy integrates physical, mental, financial, social and workplace well-being for Jacobs employees and their families. The strategy includes Jacobs One Million Lives, developed in collaboration with global mental health professionals, to provide a free mental health check-in tool with a resources website that enable users to check their own mental health and access proactive strategies for personal mental health development. Over 14,000 One Million Lives check-ins were completed between December 2020 launch and our fiscal year end 2021. 
 
 In fiscal 2021, all vice presidents acknowledged and made a commitment to become BeyondZero Ambassadors and establish priorities to deliver the greatest impact through our BeyondZero strategy. More than 2,500 Positive Mental Health Champions (a 35 increase from fiscal year 2020) are now trained to support the mental well-being of our employees and one in every 21 employees is trained as a Positive Mental Health Champion. In addition, we launched Suicide Awareness Training through our e3 Learning. 
 We are committed to continue our work to create an inclusive and innovative organization and taking action to ensure Jacobs is, and remains, an employer of choice. 
 
 1 As at October 15, 2021 and recorded in accordance with OSHA record keeping requirements, but subject to change thereafter due to possible injury/illness classification changes. 
 2 Cited on October 5th, 2021 via U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics - Incidence rates of non-fatal occupational injuries and illnesses by industry and case types, 2019 for NAICS code 5413XXX. 
 Information About Our Executive Officers 
 The information required by Paragraph (a), and Paragraphs (c) through (g) of Item 401 of Regulation S-K (except for information required by Paragraph (e) of that Item to the extent the required information pertains to our executive officers) and Item 405 of Regulation S-K is set forth under the caption Members of the Board of Directors in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the close of our fiscal year and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Page 19 

The following table presents the information required by Paragraph (b) of Item 401 of Regulation S-K. Name Age Position with the Company Year Joined the Company Steven J. Demetriou 63 Chair and Chief Executive Officer 2015 Kevin C. Berryman 62 President and Chief Financial Officer 2014 Robert V. Pragada 53 President and Chief Operating Officer 2016 Dawne S. Hickton 64 Executive Vice President and President, Critical Mission Solutions 2019 Patrick X. Hill 48 Executive Vice President and President, People Places Solutions 1998 Joanne E. Caruso 61 Executive Vice President, Chief Legal and Administrative Officer 2012 William B. Allen, Jr. 57 Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer 2016 
 All of the officers listed in the preceding table serve in their respective capacities at the pleasure of the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 Mr. Demetriou joined the Company in August 2015. Mr. Demetriou served as Chairman and CEO of Aleris Corporation for 14 years, a global downstream aluminum producer based in Cleveland, Ohio. Over the course of his career, he has gained broad experience with companies in a range of industries including metals, specialty chemicals, oil gas, manufacturing and fertilizers. 
 Mr. Berryman joined the Company in December 2014. Mr. Berryman served as EVP and CFO for five years at International Flavors and Fragrances Inc., an S P 500 company and leading global creator of flavors and fragrances used in a wide variety of consumer products. Prior to that, he spent 25 years at Nestl in a number of finance roles including treasury, mergers acquisitions, strategic planning and control. 
 Mr. Pragada rejoined the Company in February 2016 after serving as President and Chief Executive Officer of The Brock Group since August 2014. From March 2006 to August 2014 Mr. Pragada served in executive and senior leadership capacities with the Company. 
 Ms. Hickton joined the Company in 2019. Previously, Ms. Hickton served as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company and was the Vice Chair and Chief Executive Officer for eight years at RTI International Metals, Inc., a global supplier of advanced titanium products and services in commercial aerospace, defense, propulsion, medical device and energy markets. 
 Mr. Hill joined the Company through the SKM acquisition, where he started in 1998. Mr. Hill has served in a number of senior leadership positions crossing multiple sectors and operations throughout Australia, New Zealand, Asia, Europe, the Middle East and the United States. Prior to his appointment as President People Places Solutions, Mr. Hill jointly led People Places Solutions with day-to-day responsibilities for Jacobs' Buildings and Infrastructure global operations outside of North America. 
 Ms. Caruso joined the Company in 2012. Prior to becoming Executive Vice President, Chief Legal and Administrative Officer, Ms. Caruso was Senior Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, and previously held the positions of Senior Vice President, Global Human Resources and Vice President, Global Litigation. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Caruso was a partner in two international law firms, Howrey LLP and Baker Hostetler LLP. 
 Mr. Allen joined the Company in October 2016. Mr. Allen served as Vice President, Finance and Principal Accounting Officer at LyondellBasell Industries, N.V. from 2013 to 2016. Prior to that, he was with Albemarle Corporation, where he served as Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer from 2009 to 2013 after serving in CFO roles for their Catalysts and Fine Chemistry businesses from 2005 to 2009. 
 Additional Information 
 Jacobs was founded in 1947 and incorporated as a Delaware corporation in 1987. We are headquartered in Dallas, Texas, USA. The SEC maintains a site on the Internet that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The SEC s website is http://www.sec.gov. You may also read and download the various reports we file with, or furnish to, the SEC free of charge from our website at www.jacobs.com . 
 Page 20 

Item 1 A. RISK FACTORS 
 We operate in a changing global environment that involves numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The risks described below highlight some of the factors that have affected and could affect us in the future. We may also be affected by unknown risks or risks that we currently think are immaterial. If any such events actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Summary Risk Factors 
 
 The following is a summary of some of the risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. You should read this summary together with the more detailed description of each risk factor contained below. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Operations 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic, including the measures that international, federal, state and local public health and other governmental authorities implement to address it, have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Project sites are inherently dangerous workplaces. Failure to maintain safe work sites by us, the owner or others working at the project site can lead to our employees or others becoming injured, disabled or even losing their lives, and exposes us to significant financial losses and reputational harm, as well as civil and criminal liabilities. 
 Our results of operations depend on the award of new contracts and the timing of the performance of these contracts. 
 We engage in a highly competitive business. If we are unable to compete effectively, we could lose market share and our business and results of operations could be negatively impacted. 
 The nature of our contracts, particularly those that are fixed-price, subjects us to risks of cost overruns. We may experience reduced profits or, in some cases, losses if costs increase above budgets or estimates or if the project experiences schedule delays. 
 The contracts in our backlog may be adjusted, canceled or suspended by our clients and, therefore, our backlog is not necessarily indicative of our future revenues or earnings. Additionally, even if fully performed, our backlog is not a good indicator of our future gross margins. 
 Contracts with the U.S. federal government and other governments and their agencies pose additional risks relating to future funding and compliance. 
 Our project execution activities may result in liability for faulty services. 
 The outcome of pending and future claims and litigation could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and damage our reputation. 
 Our use of joint ventures, partnerships and strategic investments in entities exposes us to risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control 
 Employee, agent or partner misconduct, or our overall failure to comply with laws or regulations, could weaken our ability to win contracts, which could result in reduced revenues and profits. 
 Our international operations are exposed to additional risks and uncertainties, including unfavorable political developments and weak foreign economies. 
 Cyber security or privacy breaches, or systems and information technology interruption or failure could adversely impact our ability to operate or expose us to significant financial losses and reputational harm. 
 We are subject to professional standards, duties and statutory obligations on professional reports and opinions we issue, which could subject us to monetary damages. 
 If we do not have adequate indemnification for our nuclear services, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our actual results could differ from the estimates and assumptions used to prepare our financial statements. 
 An impairment charge on our goodwill could have a material adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations. 
 Page 21 

We may be required to contribute additional cash to meet any underfunded benefit obligations associated with retirement and post-retirement benefit plans we manage or for which we have contribution and/or funding obligations. 
 Demand for our services is cyclical as the sectors and industries in which our clients operate are impacted by economic downturns, reductions in government or private spending and times of political uncertainty. 
 Rising inflation, interest rates, and/or construction costs could reduce the demand for our services as well as decrease our profit on our existing contracts, in particular with respect to our fixed-price contracts. 
 Our global presence could give rise to material fluctuations in our income tax rates. 
 Our businesses could be materially and adversely affected by events outside of our control. 
 Our continued success is dependent upon our ability to hire, retain, and utilize qualified personnel. 
 Our business strategy relies in part on acquisitions and strategic investments to sustain our growth. These transactions present certain risks and uncertainties. 
 Our professional reputation and relationships with U.S. government agencies are critical to our business, and any harm to our reputation or relationships could decrease the amount of business the U.S. government does with us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our focus on new growth areas for our business entails risks, including those associated with new relationships, clients, talent needs, capabilities, service offerings, and maintaining our collaborative culture and core values. 
 
 Risks Related to Regulatory Compliance 
 
 Past and future environmental, health, and safety laws could impose significant additional costs and liabilities. 
 If we fail to comply with federal, state, local or foreign governmental requirements, our business may be adversely affected. 
 We could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws. 
 
 Risks Related to Climate Change 
 
 Climate change and related environmental issues could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may be affected by market or regulatory responses to climate change. 
 We may be unable to achieve our climate commitments and targets. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 
 We rely on cash provided by operations and liquidity under our credit facilities to fund our business. Negative conditions in the credit and financial markets and delays in receiving client payments could adversely affect our cost of borrowing and our business. 
 Maintaining adequate bonding and letter of credit capacity is necessary for us to successfully bid on and win some contracts. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 
 Our quarterly results may fluctuate significantly, which could have a material negative effect on the price of our common stock. 
 There can be no assurance that we will pay dividends on our common stock. 
 In the event we issue stock as consideration for certain acquisitions we may make, we could dilute share ownership, and if we receive stock in connection with a divestiture, the value of stock is subject to fluctuation. 
 Page 22 

Risks Related to Our Operations 
 The COVID-19 pandemic, including the measures that international, federal, state and local public health and other governmental authorities implement to address it, have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Despite the availability of vaccines in some geographies, COVID-19 continues to spread throughout the United States and globally, including in regions where we have significant operations and personnel, and uncertainties exist as to the efficacy of vaccines against new variants or mutations of COVID-19. To attempt to mitigate the spread of the pandemic, there have been extraordinary and wide-ranging actions taken by international, federal, state and local public health and governmental authorities to contain and combat the outbreak of COVID-19 in regions across the United States and around the world. These actions include quarantines and stay-at-home or shelter-in-place orders, social distancing measures, travel restrictions, school closures and similar mandates for many individuals in order to substantially restrict daily activities and orders for many businesses to curtail or cease normal operations unless their work is critical, essential or life-sustaining and to require their employees to be vaccinated against COVID-19 as a condition for continued employment. Although there has been an easing of restrictions in certain jurisdictions, some of these restrictions have been reinstated in other jurisdictions, or could be reinstated in the future, to manage a resurgence or new outbreak of COVID-19, including in connection with new variants or mutations of the virus. In addition, the reopening of businesses and economies in certain countries is creating a variety of new challenges, including, for example, higher prices for goods and services, limited availability of products, and disruptions to supply chains. As such, the duration, severity of its effects and ultimate impact to the world s population and the global economy are still unknown. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, certain elements of our business, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 We have experienced, and may continue to experience, reductions in demand for certain of our services and the delay or abandonment of ongoing or anticipated projects due to our clients , suppliers and other third parties diminished financial conditions or financial distress, as well as governmental budget constraints. These impacts are expected to continue or worsen if stay-at-home , shelter-in-place , social distancing, travel restrictions and other similar orders, measures or restrictions remain in place for an extended period of time or are re-imposed after being lifted or eased. Although we have experienced, and may continue to experience, an increase in demand for certain of our services as a result of new projects that have arisen in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, there can be no assurance that any such increased demand would be sufficient to offset lost or delayed demand. 
 Government-sponsored stimulus or assistance programs enacted to-date in the United States and in the foreign countries in which we operate in response to the COVID-19 pandemic have only been available to us or our customers or suppliers on a limited basis and are insufficient to address the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. These and other government-sponsored assistance and stimulus programs are subject to renewal, modification or termination by the applicable governing bodies. If any government-sponsored program from which we receive benefits is modified or terminated, our benefits thereunder could decline or cease altogether, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations, and/or cash flows. 
 Our clients may be unable to meet their payment obligations to us in a timely manner, including as a result of deteriorating financial condition or bankruptcy resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting economic impacts. Further, other third parties, such as suppliers, subcontractors, joint venture partners and other outside business partners, may experience significant disruptions in their ability to satisfy their obligations with respect to us, or they may be unable to do so altogether. 
 While we have begun voluntary phased re-openings in our offices in accordance with guidance provided by government agencies, the majority of our employees are currently still working remotely. Although many of our employees can effectively perform their responsibilities while working remotely, some work is not well-suited for remote work, and that work may not be completed as efficiently as if it were performed on site. Additionally, we may be exposed to unexpected cybersecurity risks and additional information technology-related expenses as a result of these remote working requirements. In addition, our management team has spent, and will likely continue to spend, significant time, attention and resources monitoring the COVID-19 pandemic and seeking to manage its effects on our business and workforce.. A long-term continuation of these restrictions could, among other things, negatively impact employee morale and productivity. Any failure to 
 Page 23 

preserve our culture could harm our future success, including our ability to retain and recruit personnel, innovate and operate effectively and execute on our business strategy. 
 Consistent with public health guidance and Executive Order 14042 mandating COVID-19 vaccination for employees of businesses servicing federal contracts, we have announced a Company policy requiring full COVID-19 vaccinations of all employees in the United States and Canada, except for employees who qualify for medical or religious exemptions. This policy, along with the federal vaccine mandate, may result in employee attrition and difficulty securing future labor needs, and could impair our ability to perform certain contractual services, to retain such contracts, and to win new business, all of which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and/or cash flows. 
 Illness, travel restrictions or other workforce disruptions could adversely affect our supply chain, our ability to timely and satisfactorily complete our clients projects, our ability to provide services to our clients or our other business processes. Even after the COVID-19 pandemic subsides, we could experience a longer-term impact on our operating expenses, including, for example, the need for enhanced health and hygiene requirements or the periodic revival of social distancing or other measures in one or more regions in attempts to counteract future outbreaks. 
 We may experience difficulties associated with hiring additional employees or replacing employees, in particular with respect to roles that require security clearances or other special qualifications that may be limited or difficult to obtain, as well as with effectively training and integrating new employees, and in the short term, to do so remotely during the COVID-19 pandemic. Increased turnover rates of our employees could increase operating costs and create challenges for us in maintaining high levels of employee awareness of, and compliance with, our internal procedures and external regulatory compliance requirements, in addition to increasing our recruiting, training and supervisory costs. 
 In addition to existing travel restrictions implemented in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, jurisdictions may continue to close borders, impose prolonged quarantines and further restrict travel and business activity, which could materially impair our ability to support our operations and clients (both domestic and international), to source supplies through the global supply chain and to identify, pursue and capture new business opportunities, and which could continue to restrict the ability of our employees to access their workplaces. We also face the possibility of increased overhead or other expenses resulting from compliance with any current and future government orders or other measures enacted in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 We operate in many countries around the world, and certain of those countries governments may be unable to effectively mitigate the financial or other impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on their economies and workforces and our operations therein. 
 The continued global spread of the COVID-19 pandemic and the responses thereto are complex and rapidly evolving, and the extent to which the pandemic impacts our business, financial condition and results of operations, including the duration and magnitude of such impacts, will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict or assess. COVID-19, and the volatile regional and global economic conditions stemming from the pandemic, as well as reactions to future pandemics or resurgences of COVID-19, could also precipitate or aggravate the other risk factors that we identify in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. There may be other adverse consequences to our business, financial condition and results of operations from the spread of COVID-19 that we have not considered or have not become apparent. As a result, we cannot assure you that if COVID-19 continues to spread, it would not have a further adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Project sites are inherently dangerous workplaces. Failure to maintain safe work sites by us, the owner or others working at the project site can lead to our employees or others becoming injured, disabled or even losing their lives, and exposes us to significant financial losses and reputational harm, as well as civil and criminal liabilities. 
 Project sites often put our employees and others in close proximity with large pieces of mechanized equipment, moving vehicles, chemical and manufacturing processes and highly regulated materials, in a challenging environment and often in geographically remote locations. The failure by us or others working at such sites to implement safety procedures or the implementation of ineffective procedures, or the failure to implement and follow appropriate safety procedures, subjects our employees and others to the risk of injury, disability or loss of life, and subjects us to risk that the completion or commencement of our projects may be delayed and we may be exposed to litigation or investigations. Unsafe work sites 
 Page 24 

also have the potential to increase employee turnover, increase the cost of a project to our clients and raise our operating and insurance costs. Any of the foregoing could result in financial losses or reputational harm, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, our projects can involve the handling of hazardous and other highly regulated materials, and we are subject to the risk that the improper handling or disposal of such materials can lead to civil and/or criminal liabilities. We are also subject to regulations dealing with occupational health and safety. Although we maintain functional groups whose primary purpose is to ensure we implement effective health, safety and environmental HSE work procedures throughout our organization, including project sites and maintenance sites, the failure to comply with such regulations could subject us to liability. In addition, despite the work of our functional groups, we cannot guarantee the safety of our personnel or that there will be no damage to or loss of our work, equipment or supplies. 
 Our safety record is critical to our reputation. Many of our clients require that we meet certain safety criteria to be eligible to bid for contracts and many contracts provide for automatic termination or forfeiture of some or all of our contract fees or profit in the event we fail to meet certain measures. Accordingly, if we fail to maintain adequate safety standards, we could suffer reduced profitability or the loss of projects or clients, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our results of operations depend on the award of new contracts and the timing of the performance of these contracts. 
 Our revenues are derived from new contract awards. Delays in the timing of the awards or cancellations of such projects as a result of economic conditions, material and equipment pricing and availability or other factors could impact our long-term projected results. It is particularly difficult to predict whether or when we will receive large-scale projects as these contracts frequently involve a lengthy and complex bidding and selection process, which is affected by a number of factors, such as market conditions or governmental and environmental approvals. Since a significant portion of our revenues is generated from such projects, our results of operations and cash flows can fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter depending on the timing of our contract awards and the commencement or progress of work under awarded contracts. Furthermore, many of these contracts are subject to financing contingencies and, as a result, we are subject to the risk that the customer will not be able to secure the necessary financing for the project. 
 In addition, many of our contracts require us to satisfy specific progress or performance milestones in order to receive payment from the customer. As a result, we often incur significant costs for engineering, materials, components, equipment, labor or subcontractors prior to receipt of payment from a customer. 
 The uncertainty of our contract award timing can also present difficulties in matching workforce size with contract needs. In some cases, we maintain and bear the cost of a ready workforce that is larger than necessary under existing contracts in anticipation of future workforce needs for expected contract awards. When an expected contract award is delayed or not received, we incur additional costs resulting from reductions in staff or redundancy of facilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We engage in a highly competitive business. If we are unable to compete effectively, we could lose market share and our business and results of operations could be negatively impacted. 
 We face intense competition to provide technical, professional and construction management services to clients. The markets we serve are highly competitive and we compete against a large number of regional, national and multinational companies. The extent and type of our competition varies by industry, geographic area and project type. 
 Our projects are frequently awarded through a competitive bidding process, which is standard in our industry. We are constantly competing for project awards based on pricing, schedule and the breadth and technical sophistication of our services. Competition can place downward pressure on our contract prices and profit margins, which at times forces us to accept contractual terms and conditions that are less favorable to us, thereby increasing the risk that, among other things, we may not realize profit margins at the same rates as we have seen in the past or may become responsible for costs or other liabilities we have not accepted in the past. If we are unable to compete effectively, we may experience a loss of market share or reduced profitability or both, which if significant, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Page 25 

The nature of our contracts, particularly those that are fixed-price, subjects us to risks of cost overruns. We may experience reduced profits or, in some cases, losses if costs increase above budgets or estimates or if the project experiences schedule delays. 
 For fiscal 2021, approximately 24 of our revenues were earned under fixed-price contracts. Both fixed-price and many cost reimbursable contracts require us to estimate the total cost of the project in advance of our performance. For fixed-price contracts, we may benefit from any cost-savings, but we bear greater risk of paying some, if not all, of any cost overruns. Fixed-price contracts are established in part on partial or incomplete designs, cost and scheduling estimates that are based on a number of assumptions, including those about future economic conditions, commodity and other materials pricing and cost and availability of labor (including the cost of any related benefits or entitlements), equipment and materials and other exigencies. Cost overruns can occur, leading to reduced profits or, in some cases, a loss for that project for a variety of reasons, including if the design or the estimates prove inaccurate or if circumstances change due to, among other things, unanticipated technical problems, difficulties in obtaining permits or approvals, changes in local laws or labor conditions, weather or other delays beyond our control, changes in the costs of equipment or raw materials, our vendors or subcontractors inability or failure to perform, or changes in general economic conditions. These risks are exacerbated for projects with long-term durations because there is an increased risk that the circumstances on which we based our original estimates will change in a manner that increases costs. If the project is significant, or there are one or more issues that impact multiple projects, costs overruns could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our contracts that are fundamentally cost reimbursable in nature may also present a risk to the extent the final cost on a project exceeds the amount the customer expected or budgeted. Like fixed-price contracts, the expected cost of cost-reimbursable projects is based in part on partial design and our estimates of the resources and time necessary to perform such contracts. A portion of the fee is often linked to these estimates and the related final cost and schedule objectives, and if for whatever reason these objectives are not met, the project may be less profitable than we expect or even result in losses. 
 If we, or any of our subsidiaries or companies in which we have made strategic investments, lose, or experience a significant reduction in, business from one or a few customers, it could have a material adverse impact on us. 
 A few clients have in the past, and may in the future, account for a significant portion of our revenue and/or backlog, or the revenue and/or backlog for our subsidiaries or companies in which we have made strategic investments , in any one year or over a period of several consecutive years. For example, in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, approximately 33 , 33 and 27 , respectively, of our revenue was earned directly or indirectly from agencies of the U.S. federal government. Although we have long-standing relationships with many of our significant clients, our clients may unilaterally reduce, delay or cancel their contracts at any time. If we, or any of our subsidiaries or companies in which we have made strategic investments, lose, or experience a significant reduction in business from a significant client could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 The contracts in our backlog may be adjusted, canceled or suspended by our clients and, therefore, our backlog is not necessarily indicative of our future revenues or earnings. Additionally, even if fully performed, our backlog is not a good indicator of our future gross margins. 
 Backlog represents the total dollar amount of revenues we expect to record in the future as a result of performing work under contracts that have been awarded to us. As of the end of fiscal 2021, our backlog totaled approximately 26.6 billion. There is no assurance that backlog will actually be realized as revenues in the amounts reported or, if realized, will result in profits. In accordance with industry practice, substantially all of our contracts are subject to cancellation, termination, or suspension at the discretion of the client, including our U.S. government work. In the event of a project cancellation, we would generally have no contractual right to the total revenue reflected in our backlog. Projects can remain in backlog for extended periods of time because of the nature of the project and the timing of the particular services required by the project. The risk of contracts in backlog being canceled or suspended generally increases during periods of widespread economic slowdowns or in response to changes in commodity prices. 
 The contracts in our backlog are subject to changes in the scope of services to be provided as well as adjustments to the costs relating to the contracts. The revenue for certain contracts included in backlog is based on estimates. Additionally, the way we perform on our individual contracts can affect greatly our gross margins and hence, future profitability. 
 In some markets, there is a continuing trend towards cost-reimbursable contracts with incentive-fee arrangements. Typically, our incentive fees are based on such things as achievement of target completion dates or target costs, overall 
 Page 26 

safety performance, overall client satisfaction and other performance criteria. If we fail to meet such targets or achieve the expected performance standards, we may receive a lower, or even zero, incentive fee resulting in lower gross margins. Accordingly, there is no assurance that the contracts in backlog, assuming they produce the revenues currently expected, will generate gross margins at the rates we have realized in the past. 
 Contracts with the U.S. federal government and other governments and their agencies pose additional risks relating to future funding and compliance. 
 Contracts with the U.S. federal government and other governments and their agencies, which are a significant source of our revenue and profit, are subject to various uncertainties, restrictions, and regulations including oversight audits by various government authorities as well as profit and cost controls, which could result in withholding or delay of payments to us. Government contracts are also exposed to uncertainties associated with funding such as sequestration and budget deficits. Contracts with the U.S. federal government, for example, are subject to the uncertainties of Congressional funding. U.S. government shutdowns or any related under-staffing of the government departments or agencies that interact with our business could result in program cancellations, disruptions and/or stop work orders, could limit the government s ability to effectively progress programs and make timely payments, and could limit our ability to perform on our existing U.S. government contracts and successfully compete for new work. Governments are typically under no obligation to maintain funding at any specific level, and funds for government programs may even be eliminated. Legislatures typically appropriate funds on a year-by-year basis, while contract performance may take more than one year. The U.S. government may also shift its spending focus away from areas, such as defense and space exploration, and towards other areas in which we do not currently provide services. As a result, contracts with government agencies may be only partially funded or may be terminated, and we may not realize all of the potential revenue and profit from those contracts. 
 Our government clients may reduce the scope of or terminate our contracts for convenience or decide not to renew our contracts with little or no prior notice. Since government contracts represent a significant percentage of our revenues (for example, those with the U.S. federal government represented approximately 33 of our total revenue in fiscal 2021), a significant reduction in government funding or the loss of such contracts could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Most government contracts are awarded through a rigorous competitive process. The U.S. federal government has increasingly relied upon multiple-year contracts with multiple contractors that generally require those contractors to engage in an additional competitive bidding process for each task order issued under a contract. This process may result in us facing significant additional pricing pressure and uncertainty and incurring additional costs. Moreover, we may not be awarded government contracts because of existing policies designed to protect small businesses and under-represented minorities. Our inability to win new contracts or be awarded work under existing contracts could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, government contracts are subject to specific procurement regulations and a variety of other socio-economic requirements, which affect how we transact business with our clients and, in some instances, impose additional costs on our business operations. For example, for contracts with the U.S. federal government, we must comply with the Federal Acquisition Regulation, the Truth in Negotiations Act, the Cost Accounting Standards, and numerous regulations governing environmental protection and employment practices. Government contracts also contain terms that expose us to heightened levels of risk and potential liability than non-government contracts. This includes, for example, unlimited indemnification obligations. 
 We also are subject to government audits, investigations, and proceedings. For example, government agencies such as the U.S. Defense Contract Audit Agency routinely review and audit us to determine the adequacy of and our compliance with our internal control systems and policies and whether allowable costs are in accordance with applicable regulations. These audits can result in a determination that a rule or regulation has been violated or that adjustments are necessary to the amount of contract costs we believe are reimbursable by the agencies and the amount of our overhead costs allocated to the agencies. 
 If we violate a rule or regulation, fail to comply with a contractual or other requirement or do not satisfy an audit, a variety of penalties can be imposed on us including monetary damages and criminal and civil penalties. For example, in so-called qui tam actions brought by individuals or the government under the U.S. Federal False Claims Act or under similar state and local laws, treble damages can be awarded. In addition, any or all of our government contracts could be terminated, we could be suspended or debarred from all government contract work, or payment of our costs could be 
 Page 27 

disallowed. The occurrence of any of these actions could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Many of our federal government contracts require us to have security clearances, which can be difficult and time consuming to obtain. If our employees or our facilities are unable to obtain or retain the necessary security clearances, our clients could terminate or not renew existing contracts or award us new contracts, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted. 
 Our project execution activities may result in liability for faulty services. 
 Failure to provide our services in accordance with applicable professional standards or contractual requirements exposes us to significant monetary damages or even criminal violations. Our engineering practice, for example, involves professional judgments regarding the planning, design, development, construction, operations and management of industrial facilities and public infrastructure projects. While we do not generally accept liability for consequential damages in our contracts, and although we have adopted a range of insurance, risk management and risk avoidance programs designed to reduce potential liabilities, a catastrophic event at one of our project sites or completed projects resulting from the services we have performed could result in significant professional or product liability and warranty or other claims against us as well as reputational harm, especially if public safety is impacted. These liabilities could exceed our insurance limits or the fees we generate, may not be covered by insurance at all due to various exclusions in our coverage and could impact our ability to obtain insurance in the future. Further, even where coverage applies, the policies have limits and deductibles or retentions, which results in our assumption of exposure for certain amounts with respect to any claim filed against us. In addition, clients or subcontractors who have agreed to indemnify us against any such liabilities or losses might refuse or be unable to pay us. An uninsured claim, either in part or in whole, as well as any claim covered by insurance but subject to a policy limit, high deductible and/or retention, if successful and of a material magnitude, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The outcome of pending and future claims and litigation could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and damage our reputation. 
 We are a party to claims and litigation in the normal course of business, including litigation inherited through acquisitions. Since we engage in engineering and construction activities for large facilities and projects where design, construction or systems failures can result in substantial injury or damage to employees or others, we are exposed to substantial claims and litigation and investigations due to the failure at any such facility or project. Such claims could relate to, among other things, personal injury, loss of life, business interruption, property damage, or pollution and environmental damage, and be brought by our clients or third parties, such as those who use or reside near our clients projects. We can also be exposed to claims if we agreed that a project will achieve certain performance standards or satisfy certain technical requirements and those standards or requirements are not met. In many of our contracts with clients, subcontractors and vendors, we agree to retain or assume potential liabilities for damages, penalties, losses and other exposures relating to projects that could result in claims that greatly exceed the anticipated profits relating to those contracts. In addition, while clients and subcontractors may agree to indemnify us against certain liabilities, such third parties may refuse or be unable to pay us. 
 With a workforce of approximately 55,000 people globally, we are also party to labor and employment claims in the normal course of business. Certain of these claims relate to allegations of harassment and discrimination, pay equity, denial of benefits, wage and hour violations, whistleblower protections, concerted protected activity, and other employment protections, and may be pursued on an individual or class action basis depending on applicable laws and regulations. Some of such claims may be insurable, while other such claims may not. 
 We maintain insurance coverage for various aspects of our business and operations. Our insurance programs have varying coverage limits as well as exclusions for matters such as fraud, and insurance companies can, and sometimes do, attempt to deny claims for which we seek coverage. In addition, we have elected to retain a portion of losses that may occur through the use of various deductibles, retentions and limits under these programs. As a result, we may be subject to future liability for which we are only partially insured, or completely uninsured. 
 Although in the past we have been generally able to cover our insurance needs, there can be no assurances that we can secure all necessary or appropriate insurance in the future, or that such insurance can be economically secured. For example, catastrophic events can result in decreased coverage limits, coverage that is more limited, increased premium costs or higher deductibles and/or retentions. We monitor the financial health of the insurance companies from which we 
 Page 28 

procure insurance, which is one of the factors we take into account when purchasing insurance. Our insurance is purchased from a number of the world's leading providers, often in layered insurance or quota share arrangements. If any of our third party insurers fail, abruptly cancel our coverage or otherwise cannot satisfy their insurance requirements to us, then our overall risk exposure and operational expenses could be increased and our business operations could be interrupted. 
 In addition, the nature of our business sometimes results in clients, subcontractors and vendors presenting claims to us for, among other things, recovery of costs related to certain projects. Similarly, we occasionally present change orders and claims to our clients, subcontractors and vendors for, among other things, additional costs exceeding the original contract price. If we fail to document properly the nature of our claims and change orders, or are otherwise unsuccessful in negotiating reasonable settlements with our clients, subcontractors and vendors, we will likely incur cost overruns, reduced profits or, in some cases, a loss for a project. Further, these claims can be the subject of lengthy negotiations, arbitration or litigation proceedings, which could result in the investment of significant amounts of working capital pending the resolution of the relevant change orders and claims. A failure to promptly recover on these types of claims could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity and financial results. Additionally, irrespective of how well we document the nature of our claims and change orders, the cost to prosecute and defend claims and change orders can be significant. 
 Litigation and regulatory proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties and unfavorable rulings can and do occur. Pending or future claims against us could result in professional liability, product liability, criminal liability, warranty obligations, default under our credit agreements and other liabilities which, to the extent we are not insured against a loss or our insurer fails to provide coverage, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and damage our reputation. 
 Our use of joint ventures, partnerships and strategic investments in entities exposes us to risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control. 
 As is common in our industry, we perform certain contracts as a member of joint ventures, partnerships, and similar arrangements. This situation exposes us to a number of risks, including the risk that our partners may be unable to fulfill their obligations to us or our clients. 
 Further, we have limited ability to control the actions of our joint venture partners, including with respect to nonperformance, default, bankruptcy or legal or regulatory compliance. Our partners may be unable or unwilling to provide the required levels of financial support to the partnerships. If these circumstances occur, we may be liable for claims and losses attributable to the partner by operation of law or contract. These circumstances could also lead to disputes and litigation with our partners or clients, all of which could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We depend on the management effectiveness of our joint venture partners. Differences in views among the joint venture participants may result in delayed decisions or in failures to agree on major issues, which could materially affect the business and operations of these ventures. In addition, in many of the countries in which we engage in joint ventures, it may be difficult to enforce our contractual rights under the applicable joint venture agreement. If we are not able to enforce our contractual rights, we may not be able to realize the benefits of the joint venture or we may be subject to additional liabilities. 
 We participate in joint ventures and similar arrangements in which we are not the controlling partner. In these cases, we have limited control over the actions of the joint venture. These joint ventures may not be subject to the same requirements regarding internal controls and internal control over financial reporting that we follow. To the extent the controlling partner makes decisions that negatively impact the joint venture or internal control problems arise within the joint venture, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The failure by a joint venture partner to comply with applicable laws, regulations or client requirements could negatively impact our business and, for government clients, could result in fines, penalties, suspension or even debarment being imposed on us, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are dependent on third parties to complete many of our contracts. 
 Third-party subcontractors we hire perform a significant amount of the work performed under our contracts. We also rely on third-party equipment manufacturers or suppliers to provide much of the equipment and materials used for 
 Page 29 

projects. If we are unable to hire qualified subcontractors or find qualified equipment manufacturers or suppliers, our ability to successfully complete a project will be impaired. If we are not able to locate qualified third-party subcontractors or the amount we are required to pay for subcontractors or equipment and supplies exceeds what we have estimated, especially in a lump sum or a fixed-price contract, we may suffer losses on these contracts. If a subcontractor, supplier, or manufacturer fails to provide services, supplies, parts or equipment as required under a contract for any reason, or fails to provide such services, supplies, parts or equipment in accordance with applicable quality standards as required by the contract or regulation, we will be required to source these services, equipment, parts or supplies to other third parties on a delayed basis or on less favorable terms, which could impact contract profitability and/or could result in claims against us for damages. We are subject to disputes with our subcontractors from time to time relating to, among other things, the quality and timeliness of work performed, customer concerns about the subcontractor, or our failure to extend existing task orders or issue new task orders under a contract. In addition, faulty workmanship, equipment or materials would likely impact the overall project, which could result in claims against us for failure to meet required project specifications. 
 In an uncertain or downturn economic environment, third parties may find it difficult to obtain sufficient financing to help fund their operations. The inability to obtain financing could adversely affect a third party s ability to provide materials, equipment or services which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, a failure by a third party subcontractor, supplier or manufacturer to comply with applicable laws, regulations or client requirements could negatively impact our business and, for government clients, could result in fines, penalties, suspension or even debarment being imposed on us, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Employee, agent or partner misconduct, or our overall failure to comply with laws or regulations, could weaken our ability to win contracts, which could result in reduced revenues and profits. 
 We are subject to the risk of misconduct, fraud, non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations, or other improper activities by one of our employees, agents or partners, which could have a significant negative impact on our business and reputation. Such misconduct includes the failure to comply with government procurement regulations, regulations regarding the protection of classified information, regulations prohibiting bribery and other corrupt practices, regulations regarding the pricing of labor and other costs in government contracts, regulations on lobbying or similar activities, regulations pertaining to the internal controls over financial reporting, regulations pertaining to export control, environmental laws, employee wages, pay and benefits, and any other applicable laws or regulations. For example, we routinely provide services that may be highly sensitive or that relate to critical national security matters; if a security breach were to occur, our ability to procure future government contracts could be severely limited. The precautions we take to prevent and detect these activities may not be effective and we could face unknown risks or losses. Our failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, or acts of misconduct subjects us to the risk of fines and penalties, cancellation of contracts, loss of security clearance and suspension or debarment from contracting, any of which could weaken our ability to win contracts and result in reduced revenues and profits and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our international operations are exposed to additional risks and uncertainties, including unfavorable political developments and weak foreign economies. 
 For fiscal 2021, approximately 31 o f our revenue was earned from clients outside the U.S. Our business is dependent on the continued success of our international operations, and we expect our international operations to continue to account for a significant portion of our total revenues. Our international operations are subject to a variety of risks, including: 
 Recessions and other economic crises in other regions, such as Europe, or specific foreign economies and the impact on our costs of doing business in those countries; 
 Difficulties in staffing and managing foreign personnel and operations, including challenges related to logistics, communications and professional licensure of our international workforce; 
 Unexpected changes in foreign government policies and regulatory requirements; 
 Potential non-compliance with a wide variety of laws and regulations, including anti-corruption, export control and anti-boycott laws and similar non-U.S. laws and regulations; 
 Potential non-compliance with regulations and evolving industry standards regarding consumer protection and data use and security, including the General Data Protection Regulation approved by the European Union; 
 Page 30 

Lack of developed legal systems to enforce contractual rights; 
 Expropriation and nationalization of our assets in a foreign country; 
 Renegotiation or nullification of our existing contracts; 
 The adoption of new, and the expansion of existing, trade or other restrictions; 
 Embargoes, duties, tariffs or other trade restrictions, including sanctions; 
 Geopolitical developments that impact our or our clients ability to operate in a foreign country; 
 Changes in labor conditions; 
 Acts of war, civil unrest, force majeure, and terrorism; 
 The ability to finance efficiently our foreign operations; 
 Social, political, and economic instability; 
 Changes to tax policy; 
 Currency exchange rate fluctuations; 
 Limitations on the ability to repatriate foreign earnings; and 
 U.S. government policy changes in relation to the foreign countries in which we operate. 
 
 The lack of a well-developed legal system in some of these countries may make it difficult to enforce our contractual rights. In addition, military action, geopolitical shifts or continued unrest, particularly in the Middle East, impacts the supply or pricing of oil and could disrupt our operations in the region and elsewhere and increase our security costs. Moreover, recent events, including change in U.S. trade policies and responsive changes in policy by foreign jurisdictions and similar geopolitical developments and uncertainty in the E.U., Asia and elsewhere, have increased levels of political and economic unpredictability globally, and may increase the volatility of global financial markets and the global and regional economies. To the extent our international operations are affected by unexpected or adverse economic, political and other conditions, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 We work in international locations where there are high security risks, which could result in harm to our employees or unanticipated cost. 
 Some of our services are performed in high-risk locations, where the country or location is subject to political, social or economic risks, or war, terrorism or civil unrest. In those locations where we have employees or operations, we may expend significant efforts and incur substantial security costs to maintain the safety of our personnel. Despite these activities, in these locations, we cannot guarantee the safety of our personnel and we may suffer future losses of employees and subcontractors. Acts of terrorism and threats of armed conflicts in or around various areas in which we operate could limit or disrupt markets and our operations, including disruptions resulting from the evacuation of personnel, cancellation of contracts, or the loss of key employees, contractors or assets. 
 Cyber security or privacy breaches, or systems and information technology interruption or failure could adversely impact our ability to operate or expose us to significant financial losses and reputational harm. 
 We rely heavily on computer, information and communications technology and related systems in order to properly operate our business. From time to time, we experience system interruptions and delays. In the event we are unable to regularly deploy software and hardware, effectively upgrade our systems and network infrastructure and take other steps to maintain or improve the efficiency and efficacy of our systems, the operation of such systems could be subjected to additional interruption or could result in the loss, corruption, or release of data. In addition, our computer and communication systems and operations could be damaged or interrupted by natural disasters, force majeure events, telecommunications failures, power loss, acts of war or terrorism, computer viruses, malicious code, physical or electronic security breaches, intentional or inadvertent user misuse or error or similar events or disruptions. Any of these or other events could cause interruptions, delays, loss of critical and/or sensitive data or similar effects, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, protection of intellectual property and results of operations, as well as those of our clients. 
 Our information technology systems, which have grown over time, including through acquisitions, are vulnerable to failure, malicious intrusion and attack. These systems have, and will continue to experience threats, including 
 Page 31 

unauthorized access, computer hackers, computer viruses, malicious code, ransomware, phishing, organized cyber-attacks and other security problems and system disruptions, including unauthorized access to and disclosure of our and our clients proprietary or classified information. Such tactics have caused, and may also seek to cause in the future, payments due to or from the Company to be misdirected to fraudulent accounts, which may not be recoverable by the Company. 
 While we have security measures and technology in place designed to protect our and our clients proprietary or classified information, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent all threats to our computer systems. If our security measures and technology fail as a result of a cyber-attack, other third-party action, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, and someone obtains unauthorized access to our or our clients information, our reputation could be damaged, our business may suffer and we could incur significant liability. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not identified until they are launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. As a result, we may be required to expend significant resources to protect against the threat of system disruptions and security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by these disruptions and breaches. Any of these events could damage our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, new laws and regulations governing data privacy and the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, including the European Union General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), the California Consumer Privacy Act, and other emerging U.S. state and global privacy laws pose increasingly complex compliance challenges and potentially elevate costs, and any failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in significant penalties and legal liability. 
 We continuously evaluate the need to upgrade and/or replace our systems and network infrastructure to protect our computing environment, to stay current on vendor supported products and to improve the efficiency of our systems and for other business reasons. The implementation of new systems and information technology could adversely impact our operations by imposing substantial capital expenditures, demands on management time and risks of delays or difficulties in transitioning to new systems. In addition, our systems implementations may not result in productivity improvements at the levels anticipated. Systems implementation disruption and any other information technology disruption, if not anticipated and appropriately mitigated, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We are subject to professional standards, duties and statutory obligations on professional reports and opinions we issue, which could subject us to monetary damages. 
 We issue reports and opinions to clients based on our professional engineering expertise as well as our other professional credentials that subject us to professional standards, duties and obligations regulating the performance of our services. For example, we issue opinions and reports to government clients in connection with securities offerings. If a client or another third party alleges that our report or opinion is incorrect or it is improperly relied upon and we are held responsible, we could be subject to significant monetary damages. In addition, our reports and other work product may need to comply with professional standards, licensing requirements, securities regulations and other laws and rules governing the performance of professional services in the jurisdiction where the services are performed. We could be liable to third parties who use or rely upon our reports and other work product even if we are not contractually bound to those third parties. These events could in turn result in monetary damages and penalties. 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property or that of our clients. 
 Our technology and intellectual property provide us, in certain instances, with a competitive advantage. Although we seek to protect our property through registration, licensing, contractual arrangements, security controls and similar mechanisms, we may not be able to successfully preserve our rights and they could be invalidated, circumvented, challenged or become obsolete. Trade secrets are generally difficult to protect. Our employees and contractors are subject to confidentiality obligations, but this protection may be inadequate to deter or prevent misappropriation of our confidential information and/or infringement of our intellectual property. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries in which we operate do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the U.S. If we are unable to protect and maintain our intellectual property rights or if there are any successful intellectual property challenges or infringement proceedings against us, our ability to differentiate our service offerings could be reduced. Litigation to determine the scope of intellectual property rights, even if ultimately successful, could be costly and could divert leadership s attention away from other aspects of our business. 
 Page 32 

We also hold licenses from third parties which may be utilized in our business operations. If we are no longer able to license such technology on commercially reasonable terms or otherwise, our business and financial performance could be adversely affected. 
 If our intellectual property rights or work processes become obsolete, we may not be able to differentiate our service offerings and some of our competitors may be able to offer more attractive services to our customers. Our competitors may independently attempt to develop or obtain access to technologies that are similar or superior to our technologies. 
 Our clients or other third parties may also provide us with their technology and intellectual property. There is a risk we may not sufficiently protect our or their information from improper use or dissemination and, as a result, could be subject to claims and litigation and resulting liabilities, loss of contracts or other consequences that could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we do not have adequate indemnification for our nuclear services, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The Price-Anderson Nuclear Industries Indemnity Act, commonly called the Price-Anderson Act PAA ), is a U.S. federal law, which, among other things, regulates radioactive materials and the nuclear energy industry, including liability and compensation in the event of nuclear related incidents. The PAA provides certain protections and indemnification to nuclear energy plant operators and U.S. Department of Energy DOE contractors. The PAA protections and indemnification apply to us as part of our services to the U.S. nuclear energy industry and DOE for new facilities, maintenance, modification, decontamination and decommissioning of nuclear energy, weapons and research facilities. 
 We offer similar services in other jurisdictions outside the U.S. For those jurisdictions, varying levels of nuclear liability protection is provided by international treaties, and/or domestic laws, such as the Nuclear Liability and Compensation Act of Canada and the Nuclear Installations Act of the United Kingdom, insurance and/or assets of the nuclear installation operators (some of which are backed by governments) as well as under appropriate enforceable contractual indemnifications and hold-harmless provisions. These protections and indemnifications, however, may not cover all of our liability that could arise in the performance of these services. To the extent the PAA or other protections and indemnifications do not apply to our services, the cost of losses associated with liability not covered by the available protections and indemnifications, or by virtue of our loss of business because of these added costs could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our actual results could differ from the estimates and assumptions used to prepare our financial statements. 
 In preparing our financial statements, our leadership is required under U.S. GAAP to make estimates and assumptions as of the date of the financial statements. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported values of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Areas requiring significant estimates by our leadership include: 
 Recognition of contract revenue, costs, profit or losses in applying the principles of percentage of completion accounting; 
 Estimated amounts for expected project losses, warranty costs, contract close-out or other costs; 
 Recognition of recoveries under contract change orders or claims; 
 Collectability of billed and unbilled accounts receivable and the need and amount of any allowance for doubtful accounts; 
 Estimates of other liabilities, including litigation and insurance revenues/reserves and reserves necessary for self-insured risks; 
 Accruals for estimated liabilities, including litigation reserves; 
 Valuation of assets acquired, and liabilities, goodwill, and intangible assets assumed, in acquisitions and ongoing assessment of impairment; 
 Valuation estimates for redeemable noncontrolling interests calculations; 
 Valuation of stock-based compensation; 
 Page 33 

The determination of liabilities under pension and other post-retirement benefit programs; and 
 Income tax provisions and related valuation allowances. 
 Our actual business and financial results could differ from our estimates of such results, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 An impairment charge on our goodwill or intangible assets could have a material adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations. 
 Because we have grown in part through acquisitions, goodwill and intangible assets represent a substantial portion of our assets. Under U.S. GAAP, we are required to test goodwill carried in our Consolidated Balance Sheets for possible impairment on an annual basis based upon a fair value approach. We also assess the recoverability of the unamortized balance of our intangible assets when indications of impairment are present based on expected future probability and undiscounted expected cash flows and their contribution to our overall operations. As of October 1, 2021, we had 7.20 billion of goodwill, representing 49.2 of our total assets of 14.63 billion. We have chosen to perform our annual impairment reviews of goodwill at the beginning of the fourth quarter of our fiscal year. We also are required to test goodwill for impairment between annual tests if events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce our enterprise fair value below its book value. These events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, including a significant sustained decline in a reporting unit s market value, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, sale or disposition of a significant portion of our business, potential government actions toward our facilities and other factors. 
 If our market capitalization drops significantly below the amount of net equity recorded on our balance sheet, it might indicate a decline in our fair value and would require us to further evaluate whether our goodwill has been impaired. If the fair value of our reporting units is less than their carrying value, we could be required to record an impairment charge. The amount of any impairment could be significant and could have a material adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations for the period in which the charge is taken. For a further discussion of goodwill impairment testing, please see Item 7- Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations below. 
 Impairment of long-lived assets or restructuring activities may require us to record a significant charge to earnings. 
 Our long-lived assets, including our lease right-of-use assets, equity investments and others, are subject to periodic testing for impairment. Failure to achieve sufficient levels of cash flow at the asset group level has resulted in, and could result in additional, impairment of our long-lived assets. Further changes in the business environment could lead to changes in the scope of operations of our business. These changes, including the closure of one or more offices, could result in restructuring and/or asset impairment charges. The COVID-19 pandemic raises the possibility of an extended global economic downturn which increase the risk of long-lived asset impairment charges. 
 We may be required to contribute additional cash to meet any underfunded benefit obligations associated with retirement and post-retirement benefit plans we manage or for which we have contribution and/or funding obligations. 
 We have various employee benefit plan obligations that require us to make contributions to satisfy, over time, our underfunded benefit obligations, which are generally determined by calculating the projected benefit obligations minus the fair value of plan assets. For example, as of October 1, 2021 and October 2, 2020, our defined benefit pension and post-retirement benefit plans were underfunded by 191.4 million and 400.4 million, respectively. See Note 13- Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional disclosure. In the future, our benefit plan obligations may increase or decrease depending on changes in the levels of interest rates, pension plan asset performance and other factors. If we are required to contribute a significant amount of the deficit for underfunded benefit plans, our cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 
 We are also a participating employer in various Multi-Employer Pension Plans ("MEPPs") associated with some of the work we perform on a union basis, which MEPPs are managed by third party trusts and over which we have no control, including as to how the MEPPs are managed or financial investment decisions are made. If any of these MEPPs is underfunded, we could face the imposition of underfunded liability or withdrawal liability at a materially adverse level. 
 Page 34 

Negotiations with labor unions and possible work actions could disrupt operations and increase labor costs and operating expenses. 
 A certain portion of our work force has entered into, and additional portions may in the future enter into, collective bargaining agreements, which on occasion may require renegotiation. The outcome of future negotiations relating to union representation or collective bargaining agreements may not be favorable to the Company in that they may increase our operating expenses and lower our net income as a result of higher wages or benefit expenses. In addition, negotiations with unions diverts management attention and could disrupt operations, which may adversely affect our results of operations. If we are unable to negotiate acceptable collective bargaining agreements, we may have to address the threat of union-initiated work actions, including work slowdowns and strikes. Depending on the nature of the threat or the type and duration of any work action, these actions could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Demand for our services is cyclical as the sectors and industries in which our clients operate are impacted by economic downturns, reductions in government or private spending and times of political uncertainty. 
 We provide full spectrum technical and professional solutions to clients operating in a number of sectors and industries, including programs for various national governments, including the U.S. federal government; aerospace; automotive; pharmaceuticals and biotechnology; infrastructure; environmental and nuclear; buildings; smart cities; power; water; transportation; telecom and other general industrial and consumer businesses and sectors. These sectors and industries and the resulting demand for our services have been, and we expect will continue to be, cyclical and subject to significant fluctuations due to a variety of factors beyond our control, including economic conditions and changes in client spending, particularly during periods of economic or political uncertainty. 
 Uncertain global economic and political conditions may negatively impact our clients ability and willingness to fund their projects, including their ability to raise capital and pay, or timely pay, our invoices. These factors may also cause our clients to reduce their capital expenditures, alter the mix of services purchased, seek more favorable price and other contract terms and otherwise slow their spending on our services. For example, in the public sector, declines in state and local tax revenues as well as other economic declines may result in lower state and local government spending. In addition, under such conditions, many of our competitors may be more inclined to take greater or unusual risks or accept terms and conditions in contracts that we might not deem acceptable. These conditions may reduce the demand for our services, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Additionally, uncertain economic and political conditions may make it difficult for our clients, our vendors, and us to accurately forecast and plan future business activities. For example, changes to U.S. policies related to global trade and tariffs during the former administration have resulted in uncertainty surrounding the future of the global economy as well as retaliatory trade measures implemented by other countries. The increasing cost of steel and aluminum may impact client spending. We cannot predict the outcome of changing trade policies or other unanticipated political conditions, nor can we predict the timing, strength or duration of any economic recovery or downturn worldwide or in our clients markets. In addition, our business has traditionally lagged recoveries in the general economy and, therefore, may not recover as quickly as the economy at large. Weak economic conditions could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. On November 15, 2021, President Biden signed into law the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act. While the Act provides for funding in many of the markets in which the Company operates, the timing of the award of projects funded by the Act is uncertain, and the Company may not be able to obtain the expected benefits from the Act or any other infrastructure or stimulus spending. Furthermore, if a significant portion of our clients or projects are concentrated in a specific geographic area or industry, our business may be disproportionately affected by negative trends or economic downturns in those specific geographic areas or industries. 
 Regardless of economic or market conditions, investment decisions by our customers may vary by location or as a result of other factors like the availability of labor or relative construction cost. Because we are dependent on the timing and funding of new awards, we are therefore vulnerable to changes in our clients markets and investment decisions. As a result, our past results have varied and may continue to vary depending upon the demand for future projects in the markets and the locations in which we operate. 
 Page 35 

Our operations may be impacted by the United Kingdom s exit from the European Union. 
 In June 2016, the U.K. held a referendum in which voters approved an exit from the E.U., commonly referred to as Brexit. The U.K. formally exited the E.U. on January 30, 2020, pursuant to a withdrawal agreement between the U.K. government and the E.U. Upon its withdrawal, pursuant to an agreement reached between the U.K. and the E.U., a transition period came into effect, which ended on December 31, 2020, from which time the U.K. withdrew from the E.U. Single Market and Customs Union. On December 24, 2020, the E.U. and the U.K. agreed the terms of a trade and cooperation agreement which sets out the terms of their future relationship, which we refer to as the Trade Agreement. The Trade Agreement was approved by the U.K. Parliament, and applied provisionally until the end of April 2021, when the European Parliament approved the Trade Agreement. The Trade Agreement offers U.K. and E.U .businesses preferential access to each other s markets, ensuring imported goods will be free of tariffs and quotas. However, economic relations between the U.K. and the E.U. will now be on more restricted terms than before and there remains uncertainty around the post-Brexit regulatory environment, as the provisions of the Trade Agreement do not cover the services sector. 
 These restrictions may adversely affect our relationships with our existing and future customers, suppliers, employees, and subcontractors, or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The diverging regulatory environments also add additional complexity to our compliance programs. This uncertainty could cause significant economic disruption and further depress consumer confidence and the economy of the U.K. , which may cause our customers to closely monitor their costs, terminate or reduce the scope of existing contracts, decrease or postpone currently planned contracts, or negotiate for more favorable deal terms, each of which may have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Rising inflation, interest rates, and/or construction costs could reduce the demand for our services as well as decrease our profit on our existing contracts, in particular with respect to our fixed-price contracts. 
 Rising inflation, interest rates, or construction costs could reduce the demand for our services. In addition, we bear all of the risk of rising inflation with respect to those contracts that are fixed-price. Because a significant portion of our revenues are earned from cost-reimbursable type contracts (approximately 76 during fiscal 2021), the effects of inflation on our financial condition and results of operations over the past few years have been generally minor. However, if we expand our business into markets and geographic areas where fixed-price and lump-sum work is more prevalent, inflation may have a larger impact on our results of operations in the future. Therefore, increases in inflation, interest rates or construction costs could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Foreign exchange risks may affect our ability to realize a profit from certain projects. 
 Our reported financial condition and results of operations are exposed to the effects (both positive and negative) that fluctuating exchange rates have on the process of translating the financial statements of our international operations, which are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, into the U.S. dollar. While we generally attempt to denominate our contracts in the currencies of our expenditures, we do enter into contracts that expose us to currency risk, particularly to the extent contract revenue is denominated in a currency different than the contract costs. We attempt to minimize our exposure from currency risks by obtaining escalation provisions for projects in inflationary economies or entering into derivative (hedging) instruments, when there is currency risk exposure that is not naturally mitigated via our contracts. These actions, however, may not always eliminate currency risk exposure. The governments of certain countries have or may in the future impose restrictive exchange controls on local currencies and it may not be possible for us to engage in effective hedging transactions to mitigate the risks associated with fluctuations in a particular currency. Based on fluctuations in currency, the U.S. dollar value of our backlog may from time to time increase or decrease significantly. We may also be exposed to limitations on our ability to reinvest earnings from operations in one country to fund the financing requirements of our operations in other countries. 
 Page 36 

Our global presence could give rise to material fluctuations in our income tax rates. 
 We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We are regularly under audit by tax authorities. Although we believe that our tax estimates and tax positions are reasonable, they could be materially affected by many factors including the final outcome of tax audits and related litigation, the introduction of new tax accounting standards, legislation, regulations and related interpretations, our global mix of earnings, the realizability of deferred tax assets and changes in uncertain tax positions. An increase or decrease in our effective tax rate, or an ultimate determination that the Company owes more taxes than the amounts previously accrued, could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our businesses could be materially and adversely affected by events outside of our control. 
 Extraordinary or force majeure events beyond our control, such as natural or man-made disasters, could negatively impact our ability to operate. As an example, from time to time we face unexpected severe weather conditions which may result in weather-related delays that are not always reimbursable under a fixed-price contract; evacuation of personnel and curtailment of services; increased labor and material costs in areas resulting from weather-related damage and subsequent increased demand for labor and materials for repairing and rebuilding; inability to deliver materials, equipment and personnel to job sites in accordance with contract schedules; and loss of productivity. We may remain obligated to perform our services after any such natural or man-made event, unless a force majeure clause or other contractual provision provides us with relief from our contractual obligations. If we are not able to react quickly to such events, or if a high concentration of our projects are in a specific geographic region that suffers from a natural or man-made catastrophe, our operations may be significantly affected, which could have a material adverse impact on our operations. In addition, if we cannot complete our contracts on time, we may be subject to potential liability claims by our clients which may reduce our profits. 
 Fluctuations in commodity prices may affect our customers investment decisions and therefore subject us to risks of cancellation, delays in existing work, or changes in the timing and funding of new awards. 
 Commodity prices can affect our customers in a number of ways. For example, for those customers that produce commodity products such as oil, gas, copper, or fertilizers, fluctuations in price can have a direct effect on their profitability and cash flow and, therefore, their willingness to continue to invest or make new capital investments. Furthermore, declines in commodity prices can negatively impact our business in regions whose economies are substantially dependent on commodity prices, such as the Middle East. To the extent commodity prices decline or fluctuate and our customers defer new investments or cancel or delay existing projects, the demand for our services decreases, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Commodity prices can also strongly affect the costs of projects. Rising commodity prices can negatively impact the potential returns on investments that are planned, as well as those in progress, and result in customers deferring new investments or canceling or delaying existing projects. Cancellations and delays have affected our past results and may continue to do so in significant and unpredictable ways and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our continued success is dependent upon our ability to hire, retain, and utilize qualified personnel. 
 The success of our business is dependent upon our ability to hire, retain and utilize qualified personnel, including engineers, architects, designers, craft personnel and corporate leadership professionals who have the required experience and expertise at a reasonable cost. The market for these and other personnel is competitive. From time to time, it may be difficult to attract and retain qualified individuals with the expertise, and in the timeframe, demanded by our clients, or to replace such personnel when needed in a timely manner. In certain geographic areas, for example, we may not be able to satisfy the demand for our services because of our inability to successfully hire and retain qualified personnel. Furthermore, some of our personnel hold government granted clearance that may be required to obtain government projects. If we were to lose some or all of these personnel, they would be difficult to replace. Loss of the services of, or failure to recruit, qualified technical and leadership personnel could limit our ability to successfully complete existing projects and compete for new projects. 
 In addition, in the event that any of our key personnel retire or otherwise leave the Company, we need to have appropriate succession plans in place and to successfully implement such plans, which requires devoting time and 
 Page 37 

resources toward identifying and integrating new personnel into leadership roles and other key positions. If we cannot attract and retain qualified personnel or effectively implement appropriate succession plans, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business strategy relies in part on acquisitions and strategic investments to sustain our growth. These transactions present certain risks and uncertainties. 
 Our business strategy involves growth through, among other things, the acquisition of, and strategic investments in, other companies. For example, we acquired CH2M in December 2017, KeyW in June 2019, John Wood Group s nuclear business in March 2020 and Buffalo Group in November 2020, and we completed a strategic investment in PA Consulting in March 2021. These transactions present a number of risks, including: 
 Assumption of liabilities of an acquired business, including liabilities that were unknown at the time the transaction was negotiated; 
 Failure of the target company to comply with U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations and/or contractual requirements with government clients; 
 Valuation methodologies may not accurately capture the value of the target company's business; 
 Failure to realize anticipated benefits, such as cost savings, synergies, business opportunities and growth opportunities; 
 The loss of key customers or suppliers, including as a result of any actual or perceived conflicts of interest; 
 Difficulties or delays in obtaining regulatory approvals, licenses and permits; 
 Difficulties relating to combining previously separate entities into a single, integrated, and efficient business; 
 For strategic investments in which we do not acquire 100 of the target company, the other equity holders may have consent rights over certain actions taken by the company; 
 In the event a target company continues to operate as a standalone company, it may result in additional costs; 
 The effects of diverting leadership s attention from day-to-day operations to matters involving the integration of target companies; 
 Potentially substantial transaction costs associated with business combinations, strategic investments and/or divestitures; 
 Potential impairment resulting from the overpayment for an acquisition or investment or post-closing deterioration in the target company's business; 
 Difficulties relating to assimilating the leadership, personnel, benefits, services, and systems of an acquired business and to assimilating marketing and other operational capabilities; 
 Difficulties retaining key personnel of the target company; 
 Increased burdens on our staff and on our administrative, internal control and operating systems, which may hinder our legal and regulatory compliance activities; 
 Difficulties in applying and integrating our system of internal controls to the target company; 
 Increased financial and accounting challenges and complexities in areas such as tax planning, treasury management, financial reporting and internal controls; 
 The potential requirement for additional equity or debt financing, which may not be available, or if available, may not have favorable terms; and 
 The risks discussed in this Item 1A. Risk Factors that may relate to the activities of the acquired business prior to the acquisition. 
 While we may obtain indemnification rights from the sellers of acquired businesses and/or insurance that could mitigate certain of these risks, such rights may be difficult to enforce, the losses may exceed any dedicated escrow funds and the indemnitors may not have the ability to financially support the indemnity, or the insurance coverage may be unavailable or insufficient to cover all losses. 
 If our leadership is unable to successfully integrate acquired companies or implement our growth strategy with respect to acquisitions and/or strategic investments, our operating results could be harmed. In addition, we may not realize the full benefits of an acquisition or strategic investments, including the synergies, cost savings, or sales or growth opportunities that we expect. These benefits may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame, or at all. Moreover, we cannot assure that we will continue to successfully expand or that growth or expansion will result in profitability. 
 Page 38 

In addition, there is no assurance that we will continue to locate suitable acquisition or investment targets or that we will be able to consummate any such transactions on terms and conditions acceptable to us. Existing cash balances and cash flow from operations, together with borrowing capacity under our credit facilities, may be insufficient to make acquisitions and/or strategic investments. Future acquisitions and/or strategic investments may require us to obtain additional equity or debt financing, which may not be available on attractive terms, or at all. Acquisitions and/or strategic investments may also bring us into businesses we have not previously conducted and expose us to additional business risks that are different than those we have traditionally experienced. 
 Acquisitions, strategic investments and divestitures create various business risks and uncertainties during the pendency of the transaction. 
 Consummation of any merger, strategic investment or divestiture is subject to the satisfaction of customary conditions, including one or more of the following: (i) due diligence and its associated time and cost commitments, (ii) board and shareholder approval, (iii) regulatory approvals, (iv) the absence of any legal restraint that would prevent the consummation of the transaction, (v) the absence of material adverse conditions which can prevent the consummation of the transaction, and (vi) compliance with covenants and the accuracy of representations and warranties contained in the transaction agreement, among others. One or more of these conditions may not be fulfilled and, accordingly, the transaction may not be consummated or may be significantly delayed. In such case, our ongoing business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected and the market price of our common stock may decline, particularly to the extent that the market price reflects a market assumption that the transaction will be consummated or will be consummated within a particular timeframe. 
 Furthermore, most transactions require the Company to incur substantial expense associated with closing and if the transaction is not consummated, we will incur these expenses without realizing the expected benefits. The pursuit of the transaction will also require management attention and use of internal resources that would otherwise be focused on general business operations. In addition, customers uncertainty about the effect of the transaction may have an adverse effect on the ability to win customer contracts, or could cause existing clients to seek to change existing business relationships. Employee morale due to the uncertainties associated with the transaction could also be negatively affected. Any of the foregoing, or other risks arising in connection with a failure or delay in consummating a transaction, including the diversion of management attention or loss of other opportunities during the pendency of the transaction, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may make minority investments that subject us to risks and uncertainties outside of our control. 
 From time to time, the Company may make minority investments in the equity securities of companies that we do not control. Minority investments inherently involve a lesser degree of control over business operations, thereby potentially increasing the financial, legal, operational and/or compliance risks associated with the minority investment. 
 To the extent we hold only a minority equity interest in a company, we may lack affirmative control rights, which may diminish our ability to influence the company s affairs in a manner intended to enhance the value of our investment in the company. We could incur losses if the majority stakeholders or the management of the company takes risks or otherwise acts in a manner that does not serve our interests. In addition, we could be subject to reputational harm if the company in which the investment is made makes business, financial or management decisions with which we do not agree. These circumstances could also lead to disputes and litigation with management or employees of the company in which the investment is made, or its other stockholders. 
 In most cases, the companies in which we make investments will have indebtedness or equity securities, or may be permitted to incur indebtedness or to issue equity securities, that rank senior to our investment. We also may make investments in early-stage companies that depend on venture funding and are not profitable. In the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of a company in which an investment is made, holders of debt instruments and securities ranking senior to our investment would typically be entitled to receive payment in full before distributions could be made in respect of our investment. 
 We may also enter into separate commercial arrangements with these companies, whether before, concurrently with, or after making such minority investment. In certain cases, the commercial arrangement may be a driving factor behind our investment. We cannot assure you that that the commercial arrangement will further our business strategy as we expected. We may not realize all the economic benefits expected from the commercial agreement, or realize the expected return on our investments. 
 Page 39 

Unavailability or cancellation of third-party insurance coverage could increase our overall risk exposure as well as disrupt the management of our business operations. 
 We maintain insurance coverage from third-party insurers as part of our overall risk management strategy and because some of our contracts require us to maintain specific insurance coverage limits. If any of our third-party insurers fail, suddenly cancel our coverage or otherwise are unable to provide us with adequate insurance coverage, then our overall risk exposure and our operational expenses could increase, and the management of our business operations could be disrupted. In addition, there can be no assurance that any of our existing insurance coverage will be renewable upon the expiration of the coverage period or that future coverage will be affordable at the required limits. 
 Assertions by third parties of infringement, misappropriation or other violations by us of their intellectual property rights could result in significant costs and substantially harm our business, financial condition and operation results. 
 In recent years, there has been significant litigation involving intellectual property rights in technology industries. We may face from time to time, allegations that we or a supplier or customer have violated the rights of third parties, including patent, trademark, and other intellectual property rights. If, with respect to any claim against us for violation of third-party intellectual property rights, we are unable to prevail in the litigation or retain or obtain sufficient rights or develop non-infringing intellectual property or otherwise alter our business practices on a timely or cost-efficient basis, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 Any infringement, misappropriation or related claims, whether or not meritorious, are time consuming, divert technical and management personnel, and are costly to resolve. As a result of any such dispute, we may have to develop non-infringing technology, pay damages, enter into royalty or licensing agreements, cease utilizing products or services, or take other actions to resolve the claims. These actions, if required, may be costly or unavailable on terms acceptable to us. 
 Our professional reputation and relationships with U.S. government agencies are critical to our business, and any harm to our reputation or relationships could decrease the amount of business the U.S. government does with us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A significant portion of our revenue is earned directly or indirectly from agencies of the U.S. federal government. If our reputation or relationships with these agencies were harmed, our future revenue and growth prospects would be materially and adversely affected. Our reputation and relationship with the U.S. government is a key factor in maintaining and growing revenue under contracts with the U.S. government. Negative press reports regarding poor contract performance, employee misconduct, information security breaches, engagements in or perceived connections to politically or socially sensitive activities, or other aspects of our business, or regarding government contractors generally, could harm our reputation. In addition, to the extent our performance under a contract does not meet a U.S. government agency s expectations, the client might seek to terminate the contract prior to its scheduled expiration date, provide a negative assessment of our performance to government-maintained contractor past-performance data repositories, fail to award us additional business under existing contracts or otherwise, and direct future business to our competitors. If our reputation or relationships with these agencies are negatively affected, or if we are suspended or debarred from contracting with government agencies for any reason, such actions would decrease the amount of business that the U.S. government does with us, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our focus on new growth areas for our business entails risks, including those associated with new relationships, clients, talent needs, capabilities, service offerings, and maintaining our collaborative culture and core values. 
 We are focused on growing our presence in our addressable markets by: expanding our relationships with existing clients, developing new clients by leveraging our core competencies, further developing our existing capabilities and service offerings, creating new capabilities and service offerings to address our clients' emerging needs, and undertaking business development efforts focused on identifying near-term developments and long-term trends that may pose significant challenges for our clients. These efforts entail inherent risks associated with innovation and competition from other participants in those areas, potential failure to help our clients respond to the challenges they face, our ability to comply with uncertain evolving legal standards applicable to certain of our service offerings, including those in the cybersecurity area, and, with respect to potential international growth, risks associated with operating in foreign jurisdictions, such as compliance with applicable foreign and U.S. laws and regulations that may impose different and, occasionally, conflicting or contradictory requirements, and the economic, legal, and political conditions in the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. As we attempt to develop new relationships, clients, capabilities, and service offerings, these efforts could harm our results of operations due to, among other things, a diversion of our focus and resources and actual costs, opportunity costs of pursuing these opportunities in lieu of others and a failure to reach a profitable return on 
 Page 40 

our investments in new technologies, capabilities, and businesses, including expenses on research and development investments, and these efforts could ultimately be unsuccessful. 
 The needs of our customers change and evolve regularly and in particular due to complex and rapidly changing technologies. Our success depends upon our ability to identify emerging technological trends; develop technologically advanced, innovative, and cost-effective products and services; and market these products and services to our customers. Our success also depends on our continued access to suppliers of important technologies and components. T he possibility exists that our competitors might develop new capabilities or service offerings that might cause our existing capabilities and service offerings to become obsolete. If we fail in our new capabilities development efforts or our capabilities or services fail to achieve market acceptance more rapidly than our competitors, our ability to procure new contracts could be negatively impacted, which would negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our ability to grow our business by leveraging our operating model to efficiently and effectively deploy our people across our client base is also largely dependent on our ability to maintain our collaborative culture. To the extent that we are unable to maintain our culture for any reason, including our effort to focus on new growth areas, we may be unable to grow our business. Any such failure could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 In addition, with the growth of our U.S. and international operations, we provide client services and undertake business development efforts in numerous and disparate geographic locations, both domestically and internationally. Our ability to effectively serve our clients is dependent upon our ability to successfully leverage our operating model across all of these and any future locations, maintain effective management controls over all of our locations to ensure, among other things, compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, and instill our core values in all of our personnel at each of these and any future locations. Any inability to ensure any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Regulatory Compliance 
 Past and future environmental, health, and safety laws could impose significant additional costs and liabilities. 
 We are subject to a variety of environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations governing, among other things, discharges to air and water, the handling, storage and disposal of hazardous or waste materials and the remediation of contamination associated with the releases of hazardous substances, and human health and safety. These laws and regulations and the risk of attendant litigation can cause significant delays to a project and add significantly to its cost. Violations of these regulations could subject us and our management to civil and criminal penalties and other liabilities. 
 Various U.S. federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations may impose liability for property damage and costs of investigation and cleanup of hazardous or toxic substances on property currently or previously owned by us or arising out of our waste management or environmental remediation activities. These laws may impose responsibility and liability without regard to knowledge of or causation of the presence of contaminants. The liability under these laws may be joint and several. We have potential liabilities associated with our past waste management and other activities and with our current and prior ownership of various properties. The discovery of additional contaminants or the imposition of unforeseen clean-up obligations at these or other sites could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 When we perform our services, our personnel and equipment may be exposed to radioactive and hazardous materials and conditions. We are subject to liability claims by employees, customers and third parties as a result of such exposures. In addition, we are subject to fines, penalties or other liabilities arising under environmental or safety laws. A claim, if not covered or only partially covered by insurance, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Health, safety, and environmental laws and regulations and policies are reviewed periodically and any changes thereto could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways. Such changes could, for example, relax or repeal laws and regulations relating to the environment, which could result in a decline in the demand for our environmental services and, in turn, could negatively impact our revenue. Changes in the environmental laws and regulations, remediation obligations, enforcement actions, stricter interpretations of existing requirements, future discovery of contamination or claims for damages to persons, property, natural resources or the environment could result in material costs and liabilities that we currently do not anticipate. Failure to comply with any environmental, health, or safety laws or regulations, whether actual 
 Page 41 

or alleged, exposes us to fines, penalties or potential litigation liabilities, including costs, settlements and judgments, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, we and many of our clients operate in highly regulated environments, which requires us or our clients to obtain, and to comply with, federal, state and local government permits and approvals. These permits or approvals are subject to denial, revocation or modification under various circumstances. Failure to obtain or comply with, or the loss or modification of, the conditions of permits or approvals subjects us to the risk of penalties or other liabilities, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and result of operations. 
 If we fail to comply with federal, state, local or foreign governmental requirements, our business may be adversely affected. 
 We are subject to U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations that affect our business. For example, our global operations require importing and exporting goods and technology across international borders which requires compliance with both export regulatory laws and International Trafficking in Arms Regulations ITAR ). Although we have policies and procedures to comply with U.S. and foreign international trade laws, the violation of such laws could subject the Company and its employees to civil or criminal penalties, including substantial monetary fines, or other adverse actions including denial of import or export privileges or debarment from participation in U.S. government contracts, and could damage our reputation and our ability to do business. 
 We could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws. 
 The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ), the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010, and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws, including the requirements to maintain accurate information and internal controls. We operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree and in certain circumstances; strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. Despite our training and compliance programs, there is no assurance that our internal control policies and procedures will protect us from acts committed by our employees or agents. If we are found to be liable for FCPA or other violations (either due to our own acts or our inadvertence, or due to the acts or inadvertence of others), we could suffer from civil and criminal penalties or other sanctions, including contract cancellations or debarment and loss of reputation, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Climate Change 
 Climate change and related environmental issues could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Climate change related events, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods, wildfires, droughts, hurricanes, freezing conditions, and other natural disasters, may have a long-term impact on our business, financial condition and results of operation. While we seek to mitigate our business risks associated with climate change, we recognize that there are inherent climate related risks regardless of where we conduct our businesses. For example, a catastrophic natural disaster could negatively impact any of our office locations and the locations of our customers. Access to clean water and reliable energy in the communities where we conduct our business is critical to our operations. Accordingly, a natural disaster has the potential to disrupt our and our customers businesses and may cause us to experience work stoppages, project delays, financial losses and additional costs to resume operations, including increased insurance costs or loss of cover, legal liability and reputational losses. 
 Further, the risks caused by climate change span across the full spectrum of the industry sectors we serve. Our services and solutions span water, energy, the natural and built environment, transportation, national security, cyber and aerospace. The direct physical risks that climate change poses to infrastructure through chronic environmental changes, such as rising sea levels and temperatures, and acute events, such as hurricanes, droughts and wildfires, is common to each of these sectors. Infrastructure owners could face increased costs to maintain their assets, which could result in reduced profitability and fewer resources for strategic investment. These types of physical risks could in turn lead to transitional risks (i.e., the degree to which society responds to the threat of climate change), such as market and technology shifts, including decreased demand for our services and solutions, reputational risks, such as how our values and practices 
 Page 42 

regarding a low carbon transition are viewed by external and internal stakeholders, and policy and legal risks, such as the extent to which low carbon transitions are driven by the governments in which we operate around the globe, all of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations 
 We may be affected by market or regulatory responses to climate change. 
 Growing public concern about climate change has resulted in the increased focus of local, state, regional, national and international regulatory bodies on GHG emissions and climate change issues. Legislation to regulate GHG emissions has periodically been introduced in the U.S. Congress, and there has been a wide-ranging policy debate, both in the United States and internationally, regarding the impact of these gases and possible means for their regulation. The Biden Administration has made climate change and the limitation of GHG emissions one of its initial and primary objectives. For example, in January 2021, President Biden signed a number of executive orders with respect to GHGs, including one recommitting the United States to the Paris Agreement, pursuant to which nearly 200 nations have committed to reduce global emissions. Additionally, President Biden announced the United States Nationally Determined Contribution (NDC) under the Paris Agreement at his summit on climate change on April 22, 2021. The target aims to reduce U.S. emissions by 50-52 compared to a 2005 baseline by 2030. Several states and geographic regions in the United States have also adopted legislation and regulations to reduce emissions of GHGs. Additional legislation or regulation by these states and regions, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, and/or any international agreements to which the United States may become a party, that control or limit GHG emissions or otherwise seek to address climate change could result in increased compliance costs for us and our clients and have other impacts on our clients, including those who are involved in the exploration, production or refining of fossil fuels, emit greenhouse gases through the combustion of fossil fuels or emit greenhouse gases through the mining, manufacture, utilization or production of materials or goods. In addition, the recent announcement of the Methane Reduction Pledge as part of the Glasgow Climate Pact agreed at COP26 could also have implications for some of our clients businesses.. Such policy changes could increase the costs of projects for our clients or, in some cases, prevent a project from going forward, thereby potentially reducing the need for our services, which would in turn have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, climate legislation across all geographies poses a similar risk to us and our clients as we operate globally. However, policy changes and climate legislation could also increase the overall demand for our services as our clients and partners work to comply with such policies, such as by decarbonizing their industries, transitioning from fossil fuels to renewable energy sources and developing integrated and sustainable solutions, which could have a positive impact on our business. We cannot predict when or whether any of these various proposals may be enacted or what their effect will be on us or on our customers. 
 We may be unable to achieve our climate commitments and targets. 
 At Jacobs, we have committed to help solve the climate crisis by setting ambitious climate commitments and targets, including our goal to be carbon negative for our operations and business travel. However, achievement of our climate commitments and targets, including our carbon negative goal, is subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: our ability to execute our operational strategies and achieve our goals within the currently projected costs and the expected timeframes; the availability and cost of alternative fuels, global electrical charging infrastructure, off-site renewable energy and other materials and components; unforeseen design, operational and technological difficulties; the outcome of research efforts and future technology developments, including the ability to scale projects and technologies on a commercially competitive basis such as carbon sequestration and/or other related processes; compliance with, and changes or additions to, global and regional regulations, taxes, charges, mandates or requirements relating to GHG emissions, carbon costs or climate-related goals; labor-related regulations and requirements that restrict or prohibit our ability to impose requirements on third party contractors; adapting products to customer preferences and customer acceptance of sustainable supply chain solutions; the actions of competitors and competitive pressures; an acquisition of or merger with another company that has not adopted similar carbon negative goals or whose progress towards reaching its carbon negative goals is not as advanced as ours; and the pace of regional and global recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic. Accordingly, there is no assurance that we will be able to successfully execute our operational strategies and achieve our climate commitments and targets. 
 While our climate commitments and targets are ambitious, we believe that they are realistic and achievable. We have also developed a roadmap for implementation of our carbon reduction goals and our global emissions reduction trajectory suggests that we are on the pathway to meet our targets. However, we also recognize that some of our emission reductions over the past two years may have been primarily the result of the global COVID-19 pandemic. Our roadmap recognizes this and we are putting measures in place now to ensure that we remain on that same trajectory however we cannot guarantee that such measures will be successful. Failure to achieve our climate commitments and targets could damage our reputation and our customer and other stakeholder relationships. Further, investors have recently increased their focus on environmental, social and governance matters, including practices related to GHGs and climate change. An increasing percentage of the investment community considers sustainability factors in making investment decisions, and 
 Page 43 

an increasing number of entities are considering sustainability factors in awarding business. If we are unable to meet our climate commitments and targets and appropriately address sustainability enhancement, we may lose investors, customers, or partners, our stock price may be negatively impacted, our reputation may be negatively affected, and it may be more difficult for us to compete effectively, all of which would have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, as well as on the price of our common stock. 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 We rely on cash provided by operations and liquidity under our credit facilities to fund our business. Negative conditions in the credit and financial markets and delays in receiving client payments could adversely affect our cost of borrowing and our business. 
 Although we finance much of our operations using cash provided by operations, at times we depend on the availability of credit to grow our business and to help fund business acquisitions. We are currently a borrower under several credit facilities. These facilities all contain customary covenants restricting, among other things, our ability to incur certain liens and indebtedness. We are also subject to certain financial covenants, including maintenance of a maximum consolidated leverage ratio. A breach of any covenant or our inability to comply with the required financial ratios could result in a default under one or more of our credit facilities and limit our ability to do further borrowing. Instability in the credit markets in the U.S. or abroad could cause the availability of credit to be relatively difficult or expensive to obtain at competitive rates, on commercially reasonable terms or in sufficient amounts. This situation could make it more difficult or more expensive for us to access funds, refinance our existing indebtedness, enter into agreements for new indebtedness, or obtain funding through the issuance of securities or such additional capital may not be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all. We may also enter into business acquisition agreements that require us to access credit, which if not available at the closing of the acquisition could result in a breach of the acquisition agreement and a resulting claim for damages by the sellers of such business. In addition, market conditions could negatively impact our clients ability to fund their projects and, therefore, utilize our services, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 In addition, we are subject to the risk that the counterparties to our credit agreements may go bankrupt if they suffer catastrophic demand on their liquidity that will prevent them from fulfilling their contractual obligations to us. We also routinely enter into contracts with counterparties including vendors, suppliers and subcontractors that may be negatively impacted by events in the credit markets. If those counterparties are unable to perform their obligations to us or our clients, we may be required to provide additional services or make alternate arrangements on less favorable terms with other parties to ensure adequate performance and delivery of services to our clients. These circumstances could also lead to disputes and litigation with our partners or clients, which could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Some of our customers, suppliers and subcontractors depend on access to commercial financing and capital markets to fund their operations. Disruptions of the credit or capital markets could adversely affect our clients ability to finance projects and could result in contract cancellations or suspensions, project delays and payment delays or defaults by our clients. In addition, clients may be unable to fund new projects, may choose to make fewer capital expenditures or otherwise slow their spending on our services or to seek contract terms more favorable to them. Our government clients may face budget deficits that prohibit them from funding proposed and existing projects or that cause them to exercise their right to terminate our contracts with little or no prior notice. In addition, any financial difficulties suffered by our subcontractors or suppliers could increase our cost or adversely impact project schedules. These disruptions could materially impact our backlog and have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, we typically bill our clients for our services in arrears and are, therefore, subject to our clients delaying or failing to pay our invoices after we have already committed resources to their projects. In weak economic environments, we may experience increased delays and failures due to, among other reasons, our clients unwillingness to pay for alleged poor performance or to preserve their own working capital. If one or more clients delays in paying or fails to pay us a significant amount of our outstanding receivables, it could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Furthermore, our cash balances and short-term investments are maintained in accounts held by major banks and financial institutions located primarily in North America, Europe, South America, Australia and Asia. Some of our accounts hold deposits in amounts that exceed available insurance. Although none of the financial institutions in which we hold our cash and investments have gone into bankruptcy or forced receivership, or have been seized by their governments, there is 
 Page 44 

a risk that such events may occur in the future. If any such events were to occur, we would be at risk of not being able to access our cash, which may result in a temporary liquidity crisis that could impede our ability to fund our operations, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Maintaining adequate bonding and letter of credit capacity is necessary for us to successfully bid on and win some contracts. 
 In line with industry practice, we are often required to provide performance or payment bonds or letters of credit to our customers. These instruments indemnify the customer should we fail to perform our obligations under the contract. If a bond or a letter of credit is required for a particular project and we are unable to obtain an appropriate bond or letter of credit, we cannot pursue that project. Historically, we have had adequate bonding and letter of credit capacity but, as is typically the case, the issuance of a bond is at the surety s sole discretion and the issuance of a letter of credit is based on the Company's credit-worthiness. Because of an overall lack of worldwide bonding capacity, we may find it difficult to find sureties who will provide required levels of bonding or such bonding may only be available at significant additional cost. There can be no assurance that our bonding capacity will continue to be available to us on reasonable terms. In addition, future projects may require us to obtain letters of credit that extend beyond the term of our existing credit facilities. Our inability to obtain adequate bonding and, as a result, to bid on new contracts that require such bonding or letter of credit could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 Our quarterly results may fluctuate significantly, which could have a material negative effect on the price of our common stock. 
 Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly or fall below the expectations of securities analysts, which could have a material adverse impact on the price of our common stock. Fluctuations are caused by a number of factors, including: 
 Legal proceedings, disputes and/or government investigations; 
 Fluctuations in the spending patterns of our government and commercial customers; 
 The number and significance of projects executed during a quarter; 
 Unanticipated changes in contract performance, particularly with contracts that have funding limits; 
 The timing of resolving change orders, requests for equitable adjustments, and other contract adjustments; 
 Delays incurred in connection with a project; 
 Changes in prices of commodities or other supplies; 
 Changes in foreign currency exchange rates; 
 Weather conditions that delay work at project sites; 
 The timing of expenses incurred in connection with acquisitions or other corporate initiatives; 
 The decision by the Board of Directors to begin or cease paying a dividend, and the expectation that if the Company pays dividends, it would declare dividends at the same or higher levels in the future; 
 Natural disasters or other crises; 
 Staff levels and utilization rates; 
 Changes in prices of services offered by our competitors; and 
 General economic and political conditions. 
 There can be no assurance that we will pay dividends on our common stock. 
 Our Board of Directors initiated a quarterly cash dividend program in fiscal 2017 under which we have paid, and intend to continue paying, regular quarterly dividends. The declaration, amount and timing of such dividends are subject to capital availability and determinations by our Board of Directors that cash dividends are in the best interest of our stockholders and are in compliance with all respective laws and applicable agreements. Our ability to pay dividends will depend upon, among other factors, our cash balances and potential future capital requirements for strategic transactions, 
 Page 45 

including acquisitions, debt service requirements, results of operations, financial condition and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant. A reduction in or elimination of our dividend payments and/or our dividend program could have a material negative effect on our stock price. 
 In the event we issue stock as consideration for certain acquisitions we may make, we could dilute share ownership, and if we receive stock in connection with a divestiture, the value of stock is subject to fluctuation. 
 One method of acquiring companies or otherwise funding our corporate activities is through the issuance of additional equity securities. If we issue additional equity securities, such issuances could have the effect of diluting our earnings per share as well as our existing shareholders individual ownership percentages in the Company. 
 In addition, if we receive stock or other equity securities in connection with a sale or divestiture of a business, the value of such stock will fluctuate and/or be subject to trading restrictions. Stock price changes may result from, among other things, changes in the business, operations or prospects of the issuer prior to or following the transaction, litigation or regulatory considerations, general business, market, industry or economic conditions, the ability to sell all or a portion of the stock based on current market conditions, and other factors both within and beyond the control of the Company. In addition, if the stock received is valued in a currency other than U.S. dollars, the value of such stock will also fluctuate based on foreign currency rates. 
 Delaware law and our charter documents may impede or discourage a takeover or change of control. 
 We are a Delaware corporation. Certain anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware general corporation law impose restrictions on the ability of others to acquire control of us. In addition, certain provisions of our charter documents may impede or discourage a takeover. For example: 
 Only our Board of Directors can fill vacancies on the board; 
 There are various restrictions on the ability of a shareholder to nominate a director for election; and 
 Our Board of Directors can authorize the issuance of preferred shares. 
 These types of provisions, as well as our ability to adopt a shareholder rights agreement in the future, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us, even if the acquisition would be beneficial to our shareholders. Accordingly, shareholders may be limited in the ability to obtain a premium for their shares. 
 
 Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our properties consist primarily of office space within general, commercial office buildings located in major cities primarily in the following countries: United States; Armenia; Australia; Azerbaijan; Canada; China; Czech Republic; Denmark; Egypt; France; Germany; Hong Kong; India; Indonesia; Iraq; Ireland; Italy; Kazakhstan; Malaysia; The Netherlands; New Zealand; The Philippines; Poland; Qatar; Romania; Saudi Arabia; Singapore; Slovakia; South Africa; South Korea; Sweden; Switzerland; Taiwan (Province of China); Thailand; Ukraine; United Arab Emirates and United Kingdom. We also lease smaller offices located in certain other countries. Such space is used for operations (providing technical, professional, and other home office services), sales and administration. The total amount of space leased by us for all of our operations is approximately 7.4 million square feet. We continue to evaluate our real estate needs in connection with changes in the Company's use of its leased space as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, and as part of the integration of our prior acquisitions. 
 
 Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 The information required by this Item 3 is included in Note 19- Contractual Guarantees, Litigation, Investigations and Insurance of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 Page 46 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol "J". 
 Shareholders 
 According to the records of our transfer agent, there were 2,954 s h areholders of record as of November 12, 2021. 
 Dividend Policy 
 Our Board of Directors initiated a quarterly cash dividend program in fiscal 2017 under which we have paid, and intend to continue paying, regular quarterly dividends. The declaration, amount and timing of such dividends are subject to capital availability and determinations by our Board of Directors that cash dividends are in the best interest of our stockholders and are in compliance with all respective laws and applicable agreements. Our ability to pay dividends will depend upon, among other factors, our cash balances and potential future capital requirements for strategic transactions, including acquisitions, debt service requirements, results of operations, financial condition and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant. 
 Share Repurchases 
 On January 17, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to 1.0 billion of the Company s common stock, to expire on January 16, 2022 (the "2019 Repurchase Authorization"). On January 16, 2020, the Company's Board of Directors authorized an additional share repurchase program of up to 1.0 billion of the Company's common stock, to expire on January 15, 2023 (the "2020 Repurchase Authorization"). In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 the Company launched an accelerated share repurchase program by advancing 250 million to a financial institution in a privately negotiated transaction. 
 The following table summarizes the activity under the 2019 and 2020 Repurchase Authorizations during fiscal 2021: Amount Authorized (2019 and 2020 Repurchase Authorizations) Average Price Per Share (1) Shares Repurchased Total Shares Retired 2,000,000,000 131.22 1,726,472 1,726,472 
 (1) Includes commissions paid and calculated at the average price per share 
 As a precautionary measure in light of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company temporarily suspended purchases under the share repurchase plan in March 2020, with such suspension remaining in effect through the fiscal third quarter of 2020. During the fourth fiscal quarter of 2020, the Company resumed share repurchases. As of October 1, 2021, the Company has no remaining amounts available under the 2019 Repurchase Authorization and 782.9 million remaining under the 2020 Repurchase Authorization. 
 Our share repurchase programs do not obligate the Company to purchase any shares. Share repurchases may be executed through various means including, without limitation, accelerated share repurchases, open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions, purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or otherwise. The authorization for the share repurchase programs may be terminated, increased or decreased by the Company s Board of Directors in its discretion at any time. The timing, amount and manner of share repurchases may depend upon market conditions and economic circumstances, availability of investment opportunities, the availability and costs of financing, currency fluctuations, the market price of the Company's common stock, other uses of capital and other factors. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Page 47 

Performance Graph 
 The following graph and table shows the changes over the five-year period ended October 1, 2021 in the value of 100 as of the close of market on September 30, 2016 in (1) the common stock of Jacobs Engineering Group Inc., (2) the Standard Poor s 500 Stock Index and (3) the Standard Poor's 1500 IT Consulting Other Services Index. 
 The values of each investment are based on share price appreciation, with reinvestment of all dividends, provided any were paid. The investments are assumed to have occurred at the beginning of the period presented. The stock performance included in this graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 
 
 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 100.00 113.60 150.86 181.65 185.79 267.25 S P 500 100.00 118.61 139.85 145.80 167.89 218.27 S P 1500 IT Consulting Other Services 100.00 109.04 127.58 123.12 127.55 172.79 

Item 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 The information required by Item 301 and Item 302 of Regulation S-K has been omitted as we have elected to adopt the changes to Item 301 and Item 302 of Regulation S-K contained in SEC Release No. 33-10890. 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Page 48 

In order to better understand the changes that occur to key elements of our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, a reader of this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A should be aware of the critical accounting policies we apply in preparing our consolidated financial statements. 
 The consolidated financial statements contained in this report were prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements and the financial statements of any business performing long-term professional services, engineering and construction-type contracts requires management to make certain estimates and judgments that affect both the entity s results of operations and the carrying values of its assets and liabilities. Although our significant accounting policies are described in Note 2- Significant Accounting Policies of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the following discussion is intended to highlight and describe those accounting policies that are especially critical to the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 Revenue Accounting for Contracts 
 Engineering, Procurement Construction Contracts and Service Contracts 
 On September 29, 2018, the Company adopted ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, including the subsequent ASUs that amended and clarified the related guidance. The Company recognizes engineering, procurement, and construction contract revenue over time, as performance obligations are satisfied, due to the continuous transfer of control to the customer. Upon adoption of ASC Topic 606, contracts which include engineering, procurement and construction services are generally accounted for as a single deliverable (a single performance obligation) and are no longer segmented between types of services. In some instances, the Company s services associated with a construction activity are limited only to specific tasks such as customer support, consulting or supervisory services. In these instances, the services are typically identified as separate performance obligations. 
 The Company recognizes revenue using the percentage-of-completion method, based primarily on contract costs incurred to date compared to total estimated contract costs. Estimated contract costs include the Company s latest estimates using judgments with respect to labor hours and costs, materials, and subcontractor costs. The percentage-of-completion method (an input method) is the most representative depiction of the Company s performance because it directly measures the value of the services transferred to the customer. Subcontractor materials, labor and equipment and, in certain cases, customer-furnished materials and labor and equipment are included in revenue and cost of revenue when management believes that the company is acting as a principal rather than as an agent (e.g., the company integrates the materials, labor and equipment into the deliverables promised to the customer or is otherwise primarily responsible for fulfillment and acceptability of the materials, labor and/or equipment). The Company recognizes revenue, but not profit, on certain uninstalled materials that are not specifically produced, fabricated, or constructed for a project. Under the typical payment terms of our engineering, procurement and construction contracts, amounts are billed as work progresses in accordance with agreed-upon contractual terms at periodic intervals (e.g., biweekly or monthly) and customer payments on are typically due within 30 to 60 days of billing, depending on the contract. 
 For service contracts, the Company recognizes revenue over time using the cost-to-cost percentage-of-completion method. Service contracts that include multiple performance obligations are segmented between types of services. For contracts with multiple performance obligations, the Company allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation using an estimate of the stand-alone selling price of each distinct service in the contract. In some instances where the Company is standing ready to provide services, the Company recognizes revenue ratably over the service period. Under the typical payment terms of our service contracts, amounts are billed as work progresses in accordance with agreed-upon contractual terms, and customer payments are typically due within 30 to 60 days of billing, depending on the contract. 
 Direct costs of contracts include all costs incurred in connection with and directly for the benefit of client contracts, including depreciation and amortization relating to assets used in providing the services required by the related projects. The level of direct costs of contracts may fluctuate between reporting periods due to a variety of factors, including the amount of pass-through costs we incur during a period. On those projects where we are acting as principal for subcontract labor or third-party materials and equipment, we reflect the amounts of such items in both revenues and costs (and we refer to such costs as pass-through costs ). 
 Variable Consideration 
 Page 49 

The nature of the Company s contracts gives rise to several types of variable consideration, including claims and unpriced change orders; awards and incentive fees; and liquidated damages and penalties. The Company recognizes revenue for variable consideration when it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur. The Company estimates the amount of revenue to be recognized on variable consideration using the expected value (i.e., the sum of a probability-weighted amount) or the most likely amount method, whichever is expected to better predict the amount. If the requirements for recognizing revenue for claims or unapproved change orders are met, revenue is recorded only when the costs associated with the claims or unapproved change orders have been incurred and only up to the amount of cost incurred. 
 Practical Expedient 
 If the Company has a right to consideration from a customer in an amount that corresponds directly with the value of the Company s performance completed to date (a service contract in which the company bills a fixed amount for each hour of service provided), the Company recognizes revenue in the amount to which it has a right to invoice for services performed. 
 Joint Ventures and VIEs 
 As is common to the industry, we execute certain contracts jointly with third parties through various forms of joint ventures. Although the joint ventures own and hold the contracts with the clients, the services required by the contracts are typically performed by us and our joint venture partners, or by other subcontractors under subcontracting agreements with the joint ventures. Many of these joint ventures are formed for a specific project. The assets of our joint ventures generally consist almost entirely of cash and receivables (representing amounts due from clients), and the liabilities of our joint ventures generally consist almost entirely of amounts due to the joint venture partners (for services provided by the partners to the joint ventures under their individual subcontracts) and other subcontractors. In general, at any given time, the equity of our joint ventures represents the undistributed profits earned on contracts the joint ventures hold with clients. Very few of our joint ventures have employees or third-party debt or credit facilities. The debt held by the joint ventures is non-recourse to the general credit of Jacobs. 
 Our unconsolidated joint ventures (including equity method investments) are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the investment might not be recoverable, and impairment losses are recognized for such investments if there is a decline in fair value below carrying value that is considered to be other-than-temporary. 
 Many of the joint ventures are deemed to be variable interest entities VIE because they lack sufficient equity to finance the activities of the joint venture. The Company uses a qualitative approach to determine if the Company is the primary beneficiary of the VIE, which considers factors that indicate a party has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the joint venture s economic performance. These factors include the composition of the governing board, how board decisions are approved, the powers granted to the operational manager(s) and partner that holds that position(s), and to a certain extent, the partner s economic interest in the joint venture. The Company analyzes each joint venture initially to determine if it should be consolidated or unconsolidated. 
 Consolidated if the Company is the primary beneficiary of a VIE, or holds the majority of voting interests of a non-VIE (and no significant participative rights are available to the other partners). 
 Unconsolidated if the Company is not the primary beneficiary of a VIE, or does not hold the majority of voting interest of a non-VIE. 
 Share-Based Payments 
 We measure the value of services received from employees and directors in exchange for an award of an equity instrument based on the grant-date fair value of the award. The computed value is recognized as a non-cash cost on a straight-line basis over the period the individual provides services, which is typically the vesting period of the award with the exception of the value of awards containing an internal performance measure, such as EPS growth and ROIC, which is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period subject to the probability of meeting the performance requirements and adjusted for the number of shares expected to be earned. 
 Accounting for Pension Plans 
 The accounting for pension plans requires the use of assumptions and estimates in order to calculate periodic pension cost and the value of the plans assets and liabilities. These assumptions include discount rates, investment returns 
 Page 50 

and projected salary increases, among others. The actuarial assumptions used in determining the funded statuses of the plans are provided in Note 13- Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The expected rates of return on plan assets ranged from 1.8 to 7 for fiscal 2021 and range from 2 to 7 fiscal 2022. We believe the range of rates selected for fiscal 2022 reflects the long-term returns expected on the plans assets, considering recent market conditions, projected rates of inflation, the diversification of the plans assets, and the expected real rates of market returns. The discount rates used to compute plan liabilities ranged from 0.4 to 6.6 in fiscal 2021 and range of 0.6 to 6.6 in fiscal 2022. These assumptions represent the Company s best estimate of the rates at which its pension obligations could be effectively settled. 
 Changes in the actuarial assumptions often have a material effect on the values assigned to plan assets and liabilities, and the associated pension expense. For example, if the discount rate used to value the net pension benefit obligation PBO at October 1, 2021 was higher by 0.5 , the PBO would have been lower at that date by approximately 229.4 million for non-U.S. plans, and by approximately 20.5 million f or U.S. plans. If the expected return on plan assets was higher by 1.0 , the net periodic pension cost for fiscal 2021 would be lower by approximately 21.2 million for non-U.S. plans, and by approximately 3.4 million for U.S. plans. Differences between actuarial assumptions and actual performance (i.e., actuarial gains and losses) that are not recognized as a component of net periodic pension cost in the period in which such differences arise are recorded to accumulated other comprehensi ve income (loss) and are recognized as part of net periodic pension cost in future periods in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Management monitors trends in the marketplace within which our pension plans operate in an effort to assure the fairness of the actuarial assumptions used. 
 Page 51 

Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests 
 In connection with the PA Consulting investment, the Company recorded redeemable noncontrolling interests, representing the interest holders' 35 equity interest in the form of preferred and common shares of PA Consulting. The preferred shares are entitled to a cumulative annual compounding 12 dividend based on the outstanding preferred share subscription price. These interest holders have certain option rights to put the preferred and common share interests back to the Company at a value based on the fair value of PA Consulting (the redemption values). Additionally, the Company has an option to call the interests for certain individual shareholders in certain circumstances. Because the interests are redeemable at the option of the holders and not solely within the control of the Company, the Company classified the interests in redeemable noncontrolling interests within its Consolidated Balance Sheet at their redemption values. The optional redemption features may become exercisable no earlier than five years from the March 2, 2021 closing date, or upon the occurrence of certain other events. 
 The Company has deemed these interests probable of becoming redeemable in the future and requiring their measurement at the greater of (i) the redemption amount that would be paid if settlement occurred at the balance sheet date, or (ii) the historical value resulting from the original acquisition date fair value plus the impact of any earnings or loss attribution amounts, including dividends. The fair value of the the PA Consulting redeemable noncontrolling interests is determined using an income and market approach. 
 Further, any excess in redemption amounts over the historical values of the interests is recognized as an increase to redeemable noncontrolling interests and an offsetting decrease in consolidated retained earnings. Additionally, particular to the preference share and in certain circumstances the ordinary share components of redeemable noncontrolling interests, such decrease in consolidated retained earnings is also reflected as a corresponding downward adjustment to net earnings attributable to Jacobs for purposes of the calculation of consolidated earnings per share attributable to common shareholders. 
 Contractual Guarantees, Litigation, Investigations, and Insurance 
 In the normal course of business, we make contractual commitments, some of which are supported by separate guarantees; and on occasion we are a party in a litigation or arbitration proceeding. The litigation in which we are involved primarily includes personal injury claims, professional liability claims, and breach of contract claims. Where we provide a separate guarantee, it is strictly in support of the underlying contractual commitment. Guarantees take various forms including surety bonds required by law, or standby letters of credit ("LOC") (also referred to as bank guarantees or corporate guarantees given to induce a party to enter into a contract with a subsidiary. Standby LOCs are also used as security for advance payments or in various other transactions. The guarantees have various expiration dates ranging from an arbitrary date to completion of our work (e.g., engineering only) to completion of the overall project. We record in the Consolidated Balance Sheets amounts representing our estimated liability relating to such guarantees, litigation and insurance claims. Guarantees are accounted for in accordance with ASC 460-10, Guarantees , at fair value at the inception of the guarantee. 
 We maintain insurance coverage for most insurable aspects of our business and operations. Our insurance programs have varying coverage limits depending upon the type of insurance, and include certain conditions and exclusions which insurance companies may raise in response to any claim that the Company brings. We have also elected to retain a portion of losses and liabilities that occur through the use of various deductibles, limits, and retentions under our insurance programs. As a result, we may be subject to a future liability for which we are only partially insured or completely uninsured. We intend to mitigate any such future liability by continuing to exercise prudent business judgment in negotiating the terms and conditions of the contracts which the Company enters with its clients. Our insurers are also subject to business risk and, as a result, one or more of them may be unable to fulfill their insurance obligations due to insolvency or otherwise. 
 Our Consolidated Balance Sheets include amounts representing our probable estimated liability relating to such claims, guarantees, litigation, audits, and investigations. Our estimates of probable liabilities require us to make assumptions related to potential losses regarding our determination of amounts considered probable and estimable. We perform an analysis to determine the level of reserves to establish for insurance-related claims that are known and have been asserted against us, as well as for insurance-related claims that are believed to have been incurred based on actuarial analysis, but have not yet been reported to our claims administrators as of the respective balance sheet dates. We include any adjustments to such insurance reserves in our consolidated results of operations. Insurance recoveries are recorded as assets if recovery is probable and estimated liabilities are not reduced by expected insurance recoveries. 
 Page 52 

The Company believes, after consultation with counsel, that such guarantees, litigation, U.S. government contract-related audits, investigations and claims, and income tax audits and investigations should not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements, beyond amounts currently accrued. 
 Testing Goodwill for Possible Impairment 
 The goodwill carried on our Consolidated Balance Sheets is tested annually for possible impairment, and on an interim basis if indicators of possible impairment exist. For purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is assigned to the applicable reporting units based on the current reporting structure. In performing the annual impairment test, we evaluate our goodwill at the reporting unit level. The Company performs the annual goodwill impairment test for the reporting units at the beginning of the fourth quarter of its fiscal year. 
 We evaluate impairment of goodwill either by assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, or by performing a quantitative assessment. Qualitative factors include industry and market considerations, overall financial performance, and other relevant events and circumstances affecting the reporting unit. If we choose to perform a qualitative assessment and after considering the totality of events or circumstances, we determine it is more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, we would perform a quantitative fair value test. 
 U.S. GAAP does not prescribe a specific valuation method for estimating the fair value of reporting units. Any valuation technique used to estimate the fair value of a reporting unit requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including revenue growth rates, operating margins, discount rates and future market conditions, among others. 
 We use income and market approaches to test our goodwill for possible impairment which requires us to make estimates and judgments. Under the income approach, fair value is determined by using the discounted cash flows of our reporting units. The Company s discount rate reflects a weighted average cost of capital WACC for a peer group of companies representative of the Company s respective reporting units. Under the market approach, the fair values of our reporting units are determined by reference to guideline companies that are reasonably comparable to our reporting units; the fair values are estimated based on the valuation multiples of the invested capital associated with the guideline companies. In assessing whether there is an indication that the carrying value of goodwill has been impaired, we utilize the results of both valuation techniques and consider the range of fair values indicated. 
 It is possible that changes in market conditions, economy, facts and circumstances, judgments and assumptions used in estimating the fair value could change, resulting in possible impairment of goodwill in the future. The fair values resulting from the valuation techniques used are not necessarily representative of the values we might obtain in a sale of the reporting units to willing third parties. 
 For the 2021 fiscal year, we have determined that the fair value of our reporting units substantially exceeded their respective carrying values for the Consolidated Balance Sheets presented and any analysis beyond the qualitative level was not considered necessary. 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS 
 For the Fiscal Years Ended October 1, 2021, October 2, 2020 and September 27, 2019 
 Page 53 

(In thousands, except per share information) October 1, 2021 October 2, 2020 September 27, 2019 Revenues 14,092,632 13,566,975 12,737,868 Direct cost of contracts (11,048,860) (10,980,307) (10,260,840) Gross profit 3,043,772 2,586,668 2,477,028 Selling, general and administrative expenses (2,355,683) (2,050,695) (2,072,177) Operating Profit 688,089 535,973 404,851 Other Income (Expense): Interest income 3,503 4,729 9,487 Interest expense (72,714) (62,206) (83,867) Miscellaneous income (expense), net 76,724 (37,293) 20,488 Total other income (expense), net 7,513 (94,770) (53,892) Earnings from Continuing Operations Before Taxes 695,602 441,203 350,959 Income Tax Expense for Continuing Operations (274,781) (55,320) (36,954) Net Earnings of the Group from Continuing Operations 420,821 385,883 314,005 Net Earnings of the Group from Discontinued Operations 10,008 137,984 559,214 Net Earnings of the Group 430,829 523,867 873,219 Net Earnings Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests from Continuing Operations (39,213) (32,022) (23,045) Net Loss Attributable to Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests 85,414 Net Earnings Attributable to Jacobs from Continuing Operations 467,022 353,861 290,960 Net (Earnings) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests from Discontinued Operations (2,195) Net Earnings Attributable to Jacobs from Discontinued Operations 10,008 137,984 557,019 Net Earnings Attributable to Jacobs 477,030 491,845 847,979 Net Earnings Per Share: Basic Net Earnings from Continuing Operations Per Share 3.15 2.69 2.11 Basic Net Earnings from Discontinued Operations Per Share 0.08 1.05 4.03 Basic Earnings Per Share 3.22 3.74 6.14 Diluted Net Earnings from Continuing Operations Per Share 3.12 2.67 2.09 Diluted Net Earnings from Discontinued Operations Per Share 0.08 1.04 4.00 Diluted Earnings Per Share 3.20 3.71 6.08 
 
 2021 Overview 
 COVID-19 Pandemic. There are many risks and uncertainties regarding the COVID-19 pandemic, including the anticipated duration of the pandemic and the extent of local and worldwide social, political, and economic disruption it may cause. The Company s operations for fiscal 2021 were adversely impacted by COVID-19. While certain business units of Critical Mission Solutions, People Places Solutions and PA Consulting have experienced, and may continue to experience, an increase in demand for certain of their services regarding new projects that may arise in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, it is still expected that COVID-19 is likely to continue to have an adverse impact on each of Critical Missions Solutions, People Places Solutions and PA Consulting in fiscal 2022, although to a lesser degree than what was seen in 2021 or 2020. 
 Page 54 

Please refer to Item 1A - Risk Factors , for a discussion of risks and uncertainties related to COVID-19, including the potential impacts on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Net earnings attributable to the Company from continuing operations for fiscal 2021 were 467.0 million (or 3.12 per diluted share), an increase of 113.2 million, or 32.0 , from 353.9 million (or 2.67 per diluted share) for the prior year. Overall favorable operating profit improvements during the current year compared to the last year benefited from our PA Consulting and Buffalo Group investing activities in the current year as well as operating profit results in our legacy businesses. These favorable items were offset by the one-time impact of 261.4 million in relation to certain transaction proceeds amounts for the PA investment required to be treated as post-completion compensation expense due to continuing employment requirements associated with employees of PA receiving transaction proceeds in accordance with US generally accepted accounting principles. This required treatment had no impact on the total purchase consideration for this investment. Additionally, included in the Company's reported results in miscellaneous income (expense), net from continuing operations for the year ended October 1, 2021 was 34.7 million in pre-tax net gains associated with our investment in Worley stock (net of Worley stock dividend), which was sold during the fourth quarter fiscal 2021, and certain foreign currency revaluations relating to the ECR sale, as well as pre-tax realized gains associated with our investment in C3.ai, Inc. ("C3") of 49.6 million, which was sold during fiscal 2021, as further discussed Note 8- Joint Ventures, VIEs and Other Investments. Further, 38.6 million in offsetting pre-tax other-than-temporary impairment charges were recorded for our AWE Management Ltd ("AWE") investment in fiscal 2021. In comparison, miscellaneous income (expense), net for the corresponding 2020 period included pre-tax earnings of 330.2 million in Restructuring and other charges and transaction costs associated in part with the Company's fourth quarter fiscal 2020 transformation initiatives relating to real estate and other staffing programs which are discussed in Note 17- Restructuring and Other Charges and 74.5 million in pre-tax fair value losses associated with our investment in Worley stock (net of Worley stock dividend) and certain foreign currency revaluations relating to the ECR sale. Income tax expense for continuing operations for fiscal 2021 was 274.8 million, an increase of 219.5 million, or 396.7 , from 55.3 million in the prior year. Key drivers for this year-over-year increase include 48.7 million related to nondeductible compensation expense relating to the PA Consulting acquisition, 25.6 million related to tax law changes enacted in the United Kingdom, and the current year change in valuation allowance of 38.9 million as compared to income tax benefits during fiscal 2020 of 11.3 million for the release of uncertain tax positions, 6.8 million related to income tax rate changes, the prior year change in valuation allowance of 16.9 million, with the remaining increase related mainly to higher levels of pre-tax income in 2021. 
 Net earnings attributable to Jacobs from discontinued operations for fiscal 2021 were 10.0 million (or 0.08 per diluted share), a decrease of 128.0 million, or 92.8 , from 138.0 million (or 1.04 per diluted share) for the prior year. Included in net earnings attributable to the Company from discontinued operations for the current year was the pre-tax gain amount of 15.6 million associated with the final working capital settlement with Worley in connection with the ECR sale during the current year. Also, the comparative 2020 year to date period included the settlement of the Nui Phao ("NPMC") legal matter that was reimbursed by insurance, the recognition of the deferred gain for the delayed conveyance of the international entities and for the delivery of the ECR IT assets and adjustments for working capital and certain other items in connection with the ECR sale. For further discussion, see Note 16 - Sale of Energy, Chemicals and Resources ("ECR") Business . 
 On March 2, 2021, Jacobs completed the strategic investment of a 65 interest in PA Consulting. For further discussion, see Note 14- PA Consulting Business Combination . 
 On November 24, 2020, Jacobs completed the acquisition of Buffalo Group. For further discussion, see Note 15- Other Business Combinations. 
 Backlog at October 1, 2021 was 26.6 billion, up 2.8 billion, from 23.8 billion for the prior year. New prospects and new sales remain strong and the Company continues to have a positive outlook for many of the industry groups and sectors in which our clients operate. 
 Subsequent to October 1, 2021, the Company has entered into the planning stages for identifying certain additional leased space that it intends to abandon or market for sublease and expects to record associated impairment charges in fiscal 2022 upon finalization of these plans. Potential charges for these plans are expected to approximate up to 70 million. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Page 55 

Fiscal 2021 Compared to Fiscal 2020 
 Revenues for the year ended October 1, 2021 were 14.09 billion, an increase of 525.7 million, or 3.9 , from 13.57 billion for the prior year. The increase in revenues was due partly to fiscal 2021 incremental revenues from the PA Consulting investment completed in March 2021, the Buffalo Group business acquisition completed in November 2020 and the March 2020 John Wood Group nuclear business acquisition. In addition, reve nue growth benefited from favorable foreign currency translation of 238.6 million for the year ended October 1, 2021, in our international businesses, as compared to unfavorable impacts of 30.8 million for the corresponding period last year. The current year benefits were partially offset by market conditions and certain contract wind downs in our U.S. businesses and the extra week of activity in fiscal 2020 . 
 Pass-through costs included in revenues for the year ended October 1, 2021 were 2.38 billion, in comparison to 2.61 billion in the prior year. In general, pass-through costs are more significant on projects that have a higher content of field services activities. Pass-through costs are generally incurred at specific points during the life cycle of a project and are highly dependent on the needs of our individual clients and the nature of the clients projects. However, because we have hundreds of projects that start at various times within a fiscal year, the effect of pass-through costs on the level of direct costs of contracts can vary between fiscal years without there being a fundamental or significant change to the underlying business. 
 Gross profit for the year ended October 1, 2021 was 3.04 billion, up 457.1 million, or 17.7 , from 2.59 billion for the prior year. Our gross profit margins were 21.6 and 19.1 for the years ended October 1, 2021 and October 2, 2020, respectively. The increase in our gross profit and gross profit margins were mainly attributable to the recent business acquisition s mentioned along with favorable foreign currency translation impacts in our international businesses partially offset by market conditions and certain contract wind downs in our U.S. businesses and the extra week of activity in fiscal 2020 as noted above. 
 See Segment Financial Information discussion for further information on the Company s results of operations at the operating segment level. 
 Selling, general administrative expenses for the year ended October 1, 2021 were 2.36 billion, an increase of 305.0 million, or 14.9 , from 2.05 billion for the prior year. The current year's results were impacted by incremental SG A expenses from the recent business acquisitions mentioned above and higher personnel-related costs, partly offset by lower other operational overhead costs and the extra week of activity in fiscal 2020. Additionally, restructuring and other charges for fiscal 2021 were mainly attributable to post-completion compensation expense of 261 million in connection with the investment in PA Consulting, while fiscal 2020 included 325.1 million of restructuring and other charges and transaction costs associated in part with the Company's fourth quarter fiscal 2020 transformation initiatives relating to real estate and other staffing programs. Incremental SG A expenses from the above-mentioned business acquisitions have been offset in part b y continued reductions in personnel-related and other overhead costs resulting from our ongoing cost reduction programs. Unfavorable impacts on SG A expenses from foreign exchange were 75.9 million for the year ended October 1, 2021 as compared to nominal favorable impacts for the corresponding period last year. 
 Net interest expense for the year ended October 1, 2021 was 69.2 million, an increase of 11.7 million from 57.5 million for the prior year. The increase in net interest expense year over year is primarily due to the higher levels of debt outstanding in the current year as a result of the PA acquisition, partially offset by lower interest rates. 
 Miscellaneous income (expense), net for the year ended October 1, 2021 was 76.7 million, an increase of 114.0 million as compared to (37.3) million in expense for the prior year. The increase from the prior year was due primarily to 34.7 million in pre-tax net gains associated with changes in the fair value of our investment in Worley stock (net of Worley stock dividend) (which was sold in fourth quarter fiscal 2021) and certain foreign currency revaluations relating to the ECR sale in the current year, compared to pre-tax net losses of 74.5 million in the prior year. Also included in miscellaneous (expense) income during the current year are pre-tax realized gains of 49.6 million related to holdings of our C3 shares sold during the period, as further discussed in Note 11 - Joint Ventures, VIEs and Other Investments. These favorable impacts for fiscal 2021 were partially offset by other-than-temporary impairment charges on our investment in AWE in the amount of 38.6 million. 
 Page 56 

The following table reconciles total income tax expense on continuing operations using the statutory U.S. federal income tax rate to the consolidated income tax expense on continuing operations shown in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the years ended October 1, 2021, October 2, 2020 and September 27, 2019 (dollars in thousands): For the Years Ended October 1, 2021 October 2, 2020 September 27, 2019 Statutory amount 146,078 21.0 92,652 21.0 73,701 21.0 State taxes, net of the federal benefit 14,564 2.1 7,254 1.6 10,183 2.9 Exclusion of tax on non-controlling interests (7,999) (1.1) (6,622) (1.5) (4,839) (1.4) Foreign: Difference in tax rates of foreign operations 3,684 0.5 (6,267) (1.4) 1,083 0.3 Expense/(benefit) from foreign valuation allowance change 2,148 0.3 (16,861) (3.8) (29,125) (8.3) Nondeductible compensation 48,727 7.0 U.S. tax cost (benefit) of foreign operations 35,228 5.1 42,992 9.7 (17,760) (5.1) Tax differential on foreign earnings 89,787 12.9 19,864 4.5 (45,802) (13.1) Foreign tax credits (25,230) (3.6) (26,471) (6.0) (15,682) (4.5) Tax Rate Change 25,588 3.7 (6,811) (1.5) Tax reform 36,674 10.4 Valuation allowance 38,928 5.6 (207) (0.1) Uncertain tax positions 978 0.1 (11,338) (2.6) (6,883) (2.0) Other items: Energy efficient commercial buildings deduction (3,760) (0.5) (7,267) (1.6) (2,957) (0.8) Disallowed officer compensation 6,689 1.0 5,081 1.2 5,568 1.6 Stock compensation (9,946) (1.4) (10,234) (2.3) (7,864) (2.2) Other items net (896) (0.1) (788) (0.2) (4,938) (1.4) Total other items (7,913) (1.1) (13,208) (3.0) (10,191) (2.8) Taxes on income from continuing operations 274,781 39.5 55,320 12.5 36,954 10.5 
 The Company s consolidated effective income tax rate for the year ended October 1, 2021 increased to 39.5 from 12.5 for fiscal 2020. Key drivers for this year-over-year increase in the effective tax rate include impacts from 261 million in nondeductible compensation relating to the PA investment post-completion compensation expense, 25.6 million related to tax law changes enacted in the United Kingdom, and the current year change in valuation allowance of 38.9 million as compared to income tax benefits during fiscal 2020 of 11.3 million for the release of uncertain tax positions, 6.8 million related to income tax rate changes, the prior year change in valuation allowance of 16.9 million, with the remaining increase related mainly to higher levels of pre-tax income in 2021. 
 
 Page 57 

Segment Financial Information 
 The following tables present total revenues and segment operating profit for each reportable segment (in thousands) and includes a reconciliation of segment operating profit to total U.S. GAAP operating profit by including certain corporate-level expenses and expenses relating to the restructuring other charges (as defined in Note 17- Restructuring and Other Charges) and transaction costs (in thousands). For the Years Ended October 1, 2021 October 2, 2020 September 27, 2019 Revenues from External Customers: Critical Mission Solutions 5,087,052 4,965,952 4,551,162 People Places Solutions 8,378,179 8,601,023 8,186,706 PA Consulting 627,401 Total 14,092,632 13,566,975 12,737,868 
 For the Years Ended October 1, 2021 October 2, 2020 September 27, 2019 Segment Operating Profit: Critical Mission Solutions 447,161 372,070 310,043 People Places Solutions (1) 780,380 740,707 714,394 PA Consulting 151,071 Total Segment Operating Profit 1,378,612 1,112,777 1,024,437 Other Corporate Expenses (2) (340,129) (249,391) (264,351) Restructuring, Transaction and Other Charges (3) (350,394) (327,413) (355,235) Total U.S. GAAP Operating Profit 688,089 535,973 404,851 Total Other Income (Expense), net (4) 7,513 (94,770) (53,892) Earnings from Continuing Operations Before Taxes 695,602 441,203 350,959 
 
 (1) Includes 19.5 million, net, in charges related to a legal settlement for the year ended October 1, 2021 and 25.0 million in charges associated with a certain project for the year ended September 27, 2019. 
 (2) Other corporate expenses include intangibles amortization of 149.8 million , 90.6 million and 79.1 million for the years ended October 1, 2021 , October 2, 2020 and September 27, 2019, respectively. Also includes costs that were previously allocated to the ECR segment prior to discontinued operations presentation in connection with the ECR sale in the approximate amount of 14.8 million for the year ended September 27, 2019. 
 (3) Included in the year ended October 1, 2021 is 297.8 million of costs incurred in connection with the investment in PA Consulting, in part classified as compensation costs. 
 (4) The years ended October 1, 2021, October 2, 2020 and September 27, 2019 include 34.7 million , (74.3) million and (64.8) million in fair value adjustments related to our investment in Worley stock (net of Worley stock div idends) (sold during the current year) and certain foreign currency r evaluations relating to ECR sale proceeds, respectively and revenues under the Company's TSA with Worley of 0.2 million, 15.8 million and 35.4 million, respectively. The year ended October 1, 2021 includes 38.6 million related to impairment of our AWE Management Ltd. investment and 49.6 million in fair value adjustments related to our investment in C3 stock. Lastly, includes gain on settlement of the CH2M retiree medical plans of 35.0 million for the year ended September 27, 2019. 
 Page 58 

In evaluating the Company s performance by operating segment, the CODM reviews various metrics and statistical data for each Line Of Business ("LOB") and PA Consulting, but focuses primarily on revenues and operating profit. As discussed above, segment operating profit includes not only local SG A expenses but the SG A expenses of the Company s support groups that have been allocated to the segments. In addition, the Company attributes each segment's specific incentive compensation plan costs to the segments. The revenues of the People Places Solutions LOB are more affected by pass-through revenues than the Critical Mission Solutions LOB or the PA Consulting segment. The methods for recognizing revenue, incentive fees, project losses and change orders are consistent among the segments. 
 Critical Mission Solutions For the Years Ended October 1, 2021 October 2, 2020 September 27, 2019 Revenue 5,087,052 4,965,952 4,551,162 Operating Profit 447,161 372,070 310,043 
 Critical Mission Solutions (CMS) segment revenues for the year ended October 1, 2021 were 5.09 billion, up 121.1 million, or 2.4 , from 4.97 billion for the prior year. Our increase in revenue was primarily attributable to incremental revenue from the Buffalo Group and John Wood Group nuclear business acquisitions. There was also comparable revenue growth from most elements of our legacy portfolio, driven by increased spending by customers in the U.S. government business sector and our legacy international clients, mitigated by several large contracts winding down in the U.S. and one less week of activity as compared to fiscal year end 2020. Impacts on revenues from favorable foreign currency translation were approximately 61.8 million for the year ended October 1, 2021, compared to 4.5 million in unfavorable impacts in the corresponding prior year. 
 Operating profit for the segment was 447.2 million for the year ended October 1, 2021, up 75.1 million, or 20.2 , from 372.1 million for the prior year. The increases from the prior year were primarily attributable to incremental operating profit from the Buffalo Group and John Wood Group nuclear business acquisitions, and the continued growth in profits from our U.S. governmental business sector and our legacy international business. Impacts on operating profit from favorable forei gn currency translation were approximatel y 9.7 million for t he year ended October 1, 2021, compared to 0.4 million in unfavorable impacts in the corresponding prior year. 
 People Places Solutions For the Years Ended October 1, 2021 October 2, 2020 September 27, 2019 Revenue 8,378,179 8,601,023 8,186,706 Operating Profit 780,380 740,707 714,394 
 Revenues for the People Places Solutions (P PS) segment for the year ended October 1, 2021 were 8.38 billion, down 222.8 million, or 2.6 , from 8.60 billion for the prior year. The decrease in revenue was driven by softer market conditions in our advanced facilities business and one less week of activity during fiscal year ended October 1, 2021, as compared to the prior year. These items were partially offset by 176.8 million in favorable foreign currency translation in our international business for the year ended October 1, 2021, compared to 26.2 million in unfavorable impacts in the corresponding prior year. 
 Operating profit for the segment for the year ended October 1, 2021 was 780.4 million, an increase of 39.7 million, or 5.4 , from 740.7 million for the comparative period in 2020. The year-over-year increase is primarily related to lower spend on travel, discretionary operating expenditures and other operating expenditures and real estate transformation initiatives enacted in fiscal year 2020. Impacts on operating profit from favorable foreign currency translation were approximately 30.9 million for the year ended October 1, 2021, compared to 6.1 million in unfavorable impacts in the corresponding prior year. In addition, these were partially offset by 19.5 million in net charges related to a legal settlement for the year ended October 1, 2021. 
 Page 59 

PA Consulting For the Years Ended October 1, 2021 October 2, 2020 September 27, 2019 Revenue 627,401 Operating Profit 151,071 
 Revenues and operating profit for the PA Consulting segment for the year ended October 1, 2021 were 627.4 million and 151.1 million, respectively. There were no comparable periods in the prior year, given the transaction closed on March 2, 2021. 
 Other Corporate Expenses 
 Other corporate expenses were 340.1 million, 249.4 million and 264.4 million for the years ended October 1, 2021, October 2, 2020 and September 27, 2019, respectively. The increase from fiscal 2020 to fiscal 2021 was due primarily to higher intangible amortization expense from the PA Consulting investment and the Buffalo Group and John Wood Group nuclear business acquisitions, as well as impacts from Company benefit program enhancements. These increases were partly offset by employee related and other cost reductions across the Company's corporate functions. 
 Included in other corporate expenses in the above table are costs and expenses that relate to general corporate activities as well as corporate-managed benefit and insurance programs. Such costs and expenses include: (i) those elements of SG A expenses relating to the business as a whole; (ii) those elements of our incentive compensation plans relating to corporate personnel whose other compensation costs are not allocated to the LOBs; (iii) the amortization of intangible assets acquired as part of business combinations; (iv) the quarterly variances between the Company s actual costs of certain of its self-insured integrated risk and employee benefit programs and amounts charged to the LOBs; and (v) certain adjustments relating to costs associated with the Company s international defined benefit pension plans. In addition, other corporate expenses may also include from time to time certain adjustments to contract margins (both positive and negative) associated with projects, as well as other items, where it has been determined that such adjustments are not indicative of the performance of the related LOB. 
 Restructuring and Other Charges 
 For discussion regarding restructuring and other charges, see Note 17- Restructuring and Other Charges to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Backlog Information 
 We include in backlog the total dollar amount of revenues we expect to record in the future as a result of performing work under contracts that have been awarded to us. Our policy with respect to Operations Maintenance ("O M") contracts, however, is to include in backlog the amount of revenues we expect to receive for one succeeding year, regardless of the remaining life of the contract. For national government programs (other than national government O M contracts, which are subject to the same policy applicable to all other O M contracts), our policy is to include in backlog the full contract award, whether funded or unfunded, excluding option periods. Because of variations in the nature, size, expected duration, funding commitments and the scope of services required by our contracts, the timing of when backlog will be recognized as revenues can vary greatly between individual contracts. 
 Consistent with industry practice, substantially all of our contracts are subject to cancellation or termination at the option of the client, including our U.S. government work. While management uses all information available to it to determine backlog, at any given time our backlog is subject to changes in the scope of services to be provided as well as increases or decreases in costs relating to the contracts included therein. Backlog is not necessarily an indicator of future revenues. 
 Because certain contracts (e.g., contracts relating to large Engineering, Procurement Construction ("EPC") projects as well as national government programs) can cause large increases to backlog in the fiscal period in which we recognize the award, and because many of our contracts require us to provide services that span over several fiscal quarters (and sometimes over fiscal years), we evaluate our backlog generally on a year-over-year basis, but also on a sequential, quarter-over-quarter basis, where appropriate. 
 Page 60 

Please refer to Item 1A- Risk Factors , above, for a discussion of other factors that may cause backlog to ultimately convert into revenues at different amounts. 
 The following table summarizes our backlog for the years ended October 1, 2021, October 2, 2020 and September 27, 2019 (in millions): October 1, 2021 October 2, 2020 September 27, 2019 Critical Mission Solutions 10,589 9,104 8,460 People Places Solutions 15,738 14,714 14,109 PA Consulting 304 Total 26,631 23,818 22,569 
 The increase in backlog in Critical Mission Solutions for the years presented was primarily the result of the acquisition of Buffalo Group and conversion of the other robust CMS pipeline. 
 The increase in backlog in People Places Solutions for the years presented was primarily the result of new awards in the U.K. and U.S. markets. 
 Backlog in PA Consulting as of October 1, 2021 was 303.6 million. The PA Consulting transaction closed on March 2, 2021. 
 Backlog relating to work to be performed either directly or indirectly for the U.S. federal government and its agencies totaled approximately 10.8 billion (or 40.5 of total backlog), 8.5 billion (or 35.7 of total backlog) and 8.8 billion (or 39.1 of total backlog) at October 1, 2021, October 2, 2020 and September 27, 2019, respectively. Most of our federal government contracts require that services be provided beyond one year. In general, these contracts must be funded annually (i.e., the amounts to be spent under the contract must be appropriated by the U.S. Congress to the procuring agency, and then the agency must allot these sums to the specific contracts). 
 We estimate that approximately 8.50 billion, or 31.9 , of total backlog at October 1, 2021 will be realized as revenues within the next fiscal year. 
 Consolidated backlog differs from the Company s remaining performance obligations as defined by ASC 606 primarily because of our national government contracts (other than national government O M contracts). Our policy is to include in backlog the full contract award, whether funded or unfunded excluding the option periods while our remaining performance obligations represent a measure of the total dollar value of work to be performed on contracts awarded and in progress. Additionally, the Company includes our proportionate share of backlog related to unconsolidated joint ventures which is not included in our remaining performan ce obligations. 
 For a discussion on the year ended October 2, 2020 compared to the year ended September 27, 2019, please refer to Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 2, 2020. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 At October 1, 2021, our principal sources of liquidity consisted of 1.01 billion in cash and cash equivalents and 1.92 billion of available borrowing capacity under our 2.25 billion revolving credit agreement (the "Revolving Credit Facility"). We finance much of our operations and growth through cash generated by our operations. 
 The amount of cash and cash equivalents at October 1, 2021 represented an increase of 151.8 million from 862.4 million at October 2, 2020, the reasons for which are described below. 
 Our cash flow provided by operations of 726.3 million during fisc al 2021 was comparatively lower than the 806.8 million in cash flow provided by operations for the prior year. This change was due primarily to unfavorable impacts from net cash earnings driven by 261 million in cash used associated with PA Consulting post-completion compensation payments made during the year. These payments were offset in part by overall improved working capital performance, driven by favorability in accounts receivable collection trends partly offset by payments of certain costs deferred from the 2020 COVID assistance programs in the U.S and Europe. 
 Page 61 

Our cash used for investing activities for fiscal 2021 of 1.38 billion was comparatively higher than the 429.1 million cash used for investing activities for the prior year. The increase was due primarily to the Buffalo Group acquisition and our investment in PA Consulting during fiscal 2021, partially offset by proceeds received from the Company's disposal of the Worley and C3 investments and the final ECR sale working capital settlement. Investing activities during the prior year were largely associated with the acquisition of John Wood Group's nuclear business of 293.6 million. 
 Our cash provided by financing activit ies for the fiscal year ended 2021 of 799.0 million resulted mainly from net proceeds from borrowings of 1.22 billion mainly in connection with the PA Consulting investment, offset by cash used for share repurchases of 274.9 million and 156.0 million in dividends to shareholders and non-controlling interests. Cash used for financing activities was 208.3 million in fiscal 2020 and resulted mainly from common stock repurchases of 337.3 million and dividend payments to both shareholders and non-controlling interests of 144.0 million, offset by net proceeds from borrowings of 265.3 million. 
 At October 1, 2021, the Company had approximately 140.4 million in cash and cash equivalents held in the U.S. and 873.9 million held outside of the U.S. (primarily in the U.K., the Eurozone, Australia, India, Japan and the United Arab Emirates), which is used primarily for funding operations in those regions. Other than the tax cost of repatriating funds to the U.S. (see Note 7- Income Taxes of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K), there are no material impediments to repatriating these funds to the U.S. 
 On November 19, 2021, Jacobs consummated its previously announced acquisition of BlackLynx ("BlackLynx"). Pursuant to and subject to the terms and conditions of Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), Jacobs acquired all of BlackLynx's outstanding shares of common stock, in a transaction valued at up to 257.5 million, on a cash-free, debt-free basis, including base consideration of 250 million, and a potential earn-out payment of up to 7.5 million. The amount of any earnout payment will depend on BlackLynx achieving certain revenue and gross margin thresholds in calendar year 2022. The purchase price was paid in cash and is subject to customary post-closing adjustments. 
 On March 2, 2021, Jacobs completed the strategic investment of a 65 interest in PA Consulting, a UK-based leading innovation and transformation consulting firm. The total consideration paid by the Company was 1.7 billion, funded through cash on hand, a new term loan and draws on the Company's existing revolver. The remaining 35 interest is held by PA Consulting employees. See Note 14- PA Consulting Business Combination for more discussion on the investment and Note 9- Borrowings for more discussion on the financing for the transaction. 
 On January 20, 2021, the Company entered into an unsecured delayed draw term loan facility (the 2021 Term Loan Facility with a syndicate of financial institutions as lenders. Under the 2021 Term Loan Facility, the Company borrowed an aggregate principal amount of 200.0 million and 650.0 million. The proceeds of the term loans were used primarily to fund the investment in PA Consulting. The 2021 Term Loan Facility contains affirmative and negative covenants and events of default customary for financings of this type that are consistent with those included in the Revolving Credit Facility and the Company s unsecured term loan facility dated March 25, 2020 (the 2020 Term Loan Facility ). The 2020 Term Loan Facility and the 2021 Term Loan Facility are together referred to as the "Term Loan Facilities". 
 On November 24, 2020, a subsidiary of Jacobs completed the acquisition of Buffalo Group, a leader in advanced cyber and intelligence solutions which allows Jacobs to further expand its cyber and intelligence solutions offerings to government clients. The Company paid total consideration o f 190.1 million, which was comprised of approximately 182.4 million in cash to the former owners of Buffalo Group and contingent consideration of 7.7 million which was expected to be settled in fiscal 2022. See Note 15- Other Business Combinations for further discussion . 
 The Company had 263.8 million in letters of credit outstanding at October 1, 2021. Of this amount, 1.7 million was issued under the Revolving Credit Facility and 262.1 million wa s issued under separate, committed and uncommitted letter-of-credit facilities. 
 We believe we have adequate liquidity and capital resources to fund our projected cash requirements for the next twelve months based on the liquidity provided by our cash and cash equivalents on hand, our borrowing capacity and our continuing cash from operations. We further believe that our financial resources and discretionary spend controls will allow us to continue managing the negative impacts of th e COVID-19 pandemic on our business operations for the foreseeable future. We will continue to evaluate the impact of the pandemic on our business and reassess accordingly. 
 We were in compliance with all of our debt covenants at October 1, 2021. 
 Page 62 

Contractual Obligations 
 The following table sets forth certain information about our contractual obligations as of October 1, 2021 (in thousands): Payments Due by Fiscal Period Total 1 Year or Less 1 - 3 Years 3 - 5 Years More than 5 Years Debt obligations 2,898,458 53,456 1,409,518 1,125,484 310,000 Interest (1) 224,021 56,523 96,584 37,261 33,653 Operating leases 1,025,873 194,981 316,535 234,192 280,165 Unfunded portion of defined benefit pension plans (2) 191,444 24,820 52,658 56,955 57,011 Obligations under nonqualified deferred compensation plans (3) 209,912 32,675 69,323 74,980 32,934 Purchase obligations (4) 3,171,289 2,411,949 759,340 Total 7,720,997 2,774,404 2,703,958 1,528,872 713,763 
 
 (1) Determined based on borrowings outstanding at the end of fiscal 2021 using the interest rates in effect at that time, considering the effects of interest rate swap agreements, and for our outstanding long-term debt, concluding with the expiration date of the debt facilities as defined below. 
 (2) Assumes that future contributions will be consistent with amounts contributed in fiscal 2021, allowing for certain growth based on rates of inflation and salary increases, but limited to the amount recorded as of October 1, 2021. Actual contributions will depend on a variety of factors, including amounts required by local laws and regulations, and other funding requirements. 
 (3) Assumes that future payments will be consistent with amounts paid in fiscal 2021. Due to the non-qualified nature of the plans, and the fact that benefits are based in part on years of service, the payments included in the schedule were limited to the amount recorded as of October 1, 2021. 
 (4) Represents those liabilities estimated to be under firm contractual commitments as of October 1, 2021; primarily accounts payable, accrued payroll and accrued dividends. 
 Effects of Inflation and Changing Prices 
 The effects of inflation and changing prices on our business is discussed in Item 1A- Risk Factors , and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We are party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the form of guarantees not reflected in our balance sheet that arise in the normal course of business. However, such off-balance sheet arrangements are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or resources. See Note 18- Commitments and Contingencies and Derivative Financial Instruments of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 ASU 2017-04, Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment, is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. ASU 2017-04 removed the second step of the goodwill impairment test, which requires a hypothetical purchase price allocation. An entity will now recognize a goodwill impairment charge for the amount by which a reporting unit's carrying value exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. The adoption of ASU 2017-04 had no impact on the Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses ("ASC 326"): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments requires entities to use a current lifetime expected credit loss methodology to measure impairments of certain financial assets. Using this methodology will result in earlier recognition of losses than under the current incurred loss approach, which requires waiting to recognize a loss until it is probable of having been incurred. There are other provisions within the standard that affect how impairments of other financial assets may be recorded and presented, and that expand disclosures. This standard was effective beginning with the first fiscal quarter 2021. The adoption of ASU 326 did not have a material impact on the Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Page 63 

Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We do not enter into derivative financial instruments for trading, speculation or other purposes that would expose the Company to market risk. In the normal course of business, our results of operations are exposed to risks associated with fluctuations in interest rates and currency exchange rates. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Please see the Note 9- Borrowings in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on Page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference, for a discussion of the Revolving Credit Facility, Term Loan Facilities and Note Purchase Agreement. 
 Our Revolving Credit Facility, Term Loan Facilities and certain other debt obligations are subject to variable rate interest which could be adversely affected by an increase in interest rates. As of October 1, 2021, we had an aggregate of 2.4 billion in outstanding borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility and Term Loan Facilities. Interest on amounts borrowed under these agreements is subject to adjustment based on the C ompany s Consolidated Leverage Ratio (as defined in the credit agreements governing the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan Facilities). Depending on the Company s Consolidated Leverage Ratio, borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan Facilities bear interest at a Eurocurrency rate plus a margin of between 0.875 and 1.625 or a base rate plus a margin of between 0 and 0.625 . Additionally, if our consolidated leverage ratio exceeds a certain amount, the interest on the Senior Notes may increase by 75 basis points. However, as discussed in Note 18- Commitments and Contingencies and Derivative Financial Instrument s, we have entered into swap agreements with an aggregate notional value of 923.9 million t o convert the variab le rate interest based liabilities associated with a corresponding amount of our debt into fixed interest rate liabilities, leaving 1.5 billion in principal amount subject to variable interest rate risk. 
 For the year ended October 1, 2021, our weighted average floating rate borrowings that are subject to floating rate exposure were approximately 1.4 billion . If floating interest rates had increased by 1.00 , our interest expense for the year ended October 1, 2021 would have increased by approximately 14.3 million . 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 In situations where our operations incur contract costs in currencies other than their functional currency, we sometimes enter into foreign exchange contracts to limit our exposure to fluctuating foreign currencies. We follow the provisions of ASC No. 815, Derivatives and Hedging in accounting for our derivative contracts. The Company has 506.5 million in notional value of exchange rate sensitive instruments at October 1, 2021. See Note 18- Commitments and Contingencies and Derivative Financial Instruments for discussion. 
 
 Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 The information required by this Item 8 is submitted as a separate section beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 I tem 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure controls and procedures are those controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chair and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer), to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Page 64 

The Company s management, with the participation of its Chair and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer), evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as defined by Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act as of October 1, 2021, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Evaluation Date ). Based on that evaluation, the Company s management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of the Evaluation Date were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Company s Chair and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer), as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 As permitted by SEC guidance for newly acquired businesses, management's assessment of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures did not include an assessment of those disclosure controls and procedures of PA Consulting that are subsumed by internal control over financial reporting. PA Consulting accounted for approximately 19 of total assets as of the Evaluation Date and approximately 4 of total revenues of the Company for the fiscal year ended on the Evaluation Date. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining for the Company adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Management, with the participation of its Chair and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer), has assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of the Evaluation Date based on the framework established in Internal Control Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on this assessment, management has concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of the Evaluation Date was effective. As permitted by SEC guidance for newly acquired businesses, management s assessment of the Company s internal control over financial reporting did not include an assessment of internal control over financial reporting of PA Consulting. PA Consulting accounted for approximately 19 of total assets as of the Evaluation Date and approximately 4 of total revenues of the Company for the fiscal year ended on the Evaluation Date. 
 The Company's independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young LLP, that audited the Company's consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, also audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of October 1, 2021, as stated in their report included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the Company s fiscal quarter ended October 1, 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 The Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that its disclosure controls and procedures or its system of internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed or operated, can provide only reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the system of internal control are met. The design of the Company s control system reflects the fact that there are resource constraints, and that the benefits of such control systems must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control failures and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the intentional acts of individuals, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is also based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that the design of any particular control will always succeed in achieving its objective under all potential future conditions. 
 Page 65 

Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 Page 66 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons 
 The information required by Paragraph (a), and Paragraphs (c) through (g) of Item 401 of Regulation S-K (except for information required by Paragraph (e) of that Item to the extent the required information pertains to our executive officers) and Item 405 of Regulation S-K is set forth under the caption Members of the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the close of our fiscal year and is incorporated herein by reference. The information required by Paragraph (b) of Item 401 of Regulation S-K, as well as the information required by Paragraph (e) of that Item to the extent the required information pertains to our executive officers, is set forth in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Information About Our Executive Officers. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We have adopted a code of ethics for our Chief Executive Officer and senior financial officers; a code of business conduct and ethics for members of our Board of Directors and corporate governance guidelines. The full text of these codes of ethics and corporate governance guidelines are available at our website at www.jacobs.com. In the event we make any amendment to, or grant any waiver from, a provision of the code of ethics that applies to the principal executive officer, principal financial officer or principal accounting officer that requires disclosure under applicable SEC rules, we will disclose such amendment or waiver and the reasons therefor on our website. We will provide any person without charge a copy of any of the aforementioned codes of ethics upon receipt of a written request. Requests should be addressed to: Jacobs Engineering Group Inc., 1999 Bryan Street, Suite 1200, Dallas, Texas 75201, Attention: Corporate Secretary. 
 Corporate Governance 
 The information required by Items 407(d)(4) and (d)(5) of Regulation S-K is set forth under the caption Corporate Governance in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the close of our fiscal year and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this Item is set forth under the captions Corporate Governance, Compensation Committee Report, Compensation Discussion and Analysis and Executive Compensation in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the close of our fiscal year and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this Item is set forth in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the close of our fiscal year and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this Item is set forth under the captions Members of The Board of Directors, Corporate Governance, and Certain Relationships and Related Transactions in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the close of our fiscal year and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this Item is set forth under the captions Report of the Audit Committee and Audit and Non-Audit Fees in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the close of our fiscal year and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Page 67 

PART IV 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Item 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this report: 
 (1) The Company s Consolidated Financial Statements at October 1, 2021 and October 2, 2020 and for each of the three years in the period ended October 1, 2021, and the notes thereto, together with the report of the independent auditors on those Consolidated Financial Statements are hereby filed as part of this report, beginning on page F-1. 
 (2) Financial statement schedules no financial statement schedules are presented as the required information is either not applicable, or is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 (3) See Exhibit Index below. 
 (b) Exhibit Index: 
 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger among The KeyW Holding Corporation, Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. and Atom Acquisition Sub, Inc., dated April 21, 2019. Filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on April 22, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 2.2 Amended and Restated Stock and Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 26, 2019, by and between Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. and WorleyParsons Limited. Filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K on April 29, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 2.3 Implementation Deed, dated as of November 27, 2020, by and among PA Consulting Group Limited, CEP IV Garden S.A.R.L., Jacobs Consulting Solutions Limited, Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. and the persons set out in Schedule 1 thereto. Filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on November 30, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 2.4 Warranty Deed, dated as of November 27, 2020, by and among the Warrantors named therein and Jacobs Consulting Solutions Limited. Filed as Exhibit 2.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on November 30, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on January 28, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Jacobs Engineering Group Inc., dated as of November 10 , 202 1 . Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on November 10 , 202 1 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4.1 Description of the Registrant s Securities . Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s fiscal 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference 
 10.1 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated March 27, 2019, by and among Jacobs Engineering Group Inc., certain of its subsidiaries party thereto, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K on March 28, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.2 First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2020, among Jacobs Engineering Group Inc., the designated borrowers party thereto, and the lenders thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 27, 2019, by and among Jacobs Engineering, Inc., the designated borrowers party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on December 18, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.3 Note Purchase Agreement, dated March 12, 2018, by and between Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. and the Purchasers identified therein. Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on March 13, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.4 First Amendment to the Note Purchase Agreement, dated May 11, 2018, by and among Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. and the Purchasers identified therein. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on May 15, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Page 68 

10.5 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2020, among Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. and Jacobs U.K. Limited, as borrowers, the lenders party thereto, Bank of America, N.A. as administrative agent, Bank of America, N.A., BNP Paribas and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as co-syndication agents, The Bank of Nova Scotia, HSBC Bank USA, National Association, USA, PNC Bank, National Association, TD Bank, N.A., Truist Bank and U.S. Bank National Association, as co-documentation agents, and BofA Securities, Inc., BNP Paribas Securities Corp. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on March 27, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.6 Term Loan Agreement, dated as of January 20, 2021, among Jacobs Engineering Group Inc., the lenders party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, Bank of America, N.A., BNP Paribas, TD Bank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Associate, as co-syndication agents, The Bank of Nova Scotia, HSBC Bank USA, National Association, National Westminster Bank PLC, PNC Bank, National Association, and U.S. Bank National Association, as documentation agents, and BofA Securities, Inc., BNP Paribas Securities Corp.TD Securities (USA) LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on January 21, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.7# Offer Letter by and between Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. and Steven J. Demetriou, dated July 10, 2015. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on July 16, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.8# Offer Letter by and between Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. and Kevin C. Berryman, effective November 12, 2014. Filed as Exhibit 99.1 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A on November 17, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.9# Offer letter by and between Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. and Robert V. Pragada, dated January 28, 2016. Filed as Exhibit 10.61 to the Registrant s fiscal 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.10# Offer letter by and between Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. and William Benton Allen, Jr. dated October 4, 2016. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on October 14, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.11# Offer Letter by and between Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. and Dawne Hickton, effective June 3, 2019. Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 10-Q on August 5, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.12# Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into between Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. and certain of its officers and directors. 
 10.13# Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 1989 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (as amended and restated on January 19, 2017). Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on January 24, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.14# Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. Global Employee Stock Purchase Plan (as amended and restated on January 19, 2017). Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on January 24, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.15# Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. Executive Deferral Plan, effective January 1, 2018. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on October 2, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.16# Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. Directors Deferral Plan, effective January 1, 2018. Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on October 2, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.17# Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 1999 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, effective January 18, 2018. Filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter of fiscal 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.18# Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 1999 Outside Director Stock Plan, as amended and restated. Filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter of fiscal 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.19# Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. Executive Severance Plan, effective May 2, 2018. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K on May 4, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.20# Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (with dividend equivalent rights) (awarded pursuant to the Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 1999 Stock Incentive Plan). Filed as Exhibit 10.39 to the Registrant's fiscal 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.21# Form of Stock Option Award Agreement (awarded pursuant to the Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 1999 Outside Directors Stock Plan). Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the second quarter of fiscal 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Page 69 

10.22# Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (awarded pursuant to the Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 1999 Outside Directors Stock Plan). Filed as Exhibit 10. 1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the second quarter of fiscal 201 6 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.23# Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Performance Shares - Earnings Per Share Growth - 2018 Award) (awarded pursuant to the Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 1999 Stock Incentive Plan). Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter of fiscal 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.24# Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Performance Shares - ROIC - 2018 Award) (awarded pursuant to the Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 1999 Stock Incentive Plan). Filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter of fiscal 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.25# Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Performance Shares - Earnings Per Share Growth - 2019 Award) (awarded pursuant to the Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 1999 Stock Incentive Plan). Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter of fiscal 2018 filed February 6, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.26# Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Performance Shares - ROIC - 2019 Award) (awarded pursuant to the Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 1999 Stock Incentive Plan). Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter of fiscal 2018 filed February 6, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.27# Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Time-Based Vesting) (awarded pursuant to the Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 1999 Stock Incentive Plan). Filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter of fiscal 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.28# Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (awarded pursuant to the Jacobs Engineering Group, Inc. 1999 Outside Director Stock Plan). Filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter of fiscal 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.29# Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Performance Shares Earnings Per Share Growth 2020 Award) (awarded pursuant to the Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 1999 Stock Incentive Plan). Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter of fiscal 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.30# Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Performance Shares ROIC 2020 Award) (awarded pursuant to the Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 1999 Stock Incentive Plan). Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter of fiscal 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.31# Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Time-Based Vesting) (awarded pursuant to the Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 1999 Stock Incentive Plan). Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter of fiscal 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.32# Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Performance Shares Earnings Per Share Growth) (awarded pursuant to the Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 1999 Stock Incentive Plan). Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter of fiscal 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.33# Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Performance Shares ROIC) (awarded pursuant to the Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 1999 Stock Incentive Plan). Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter of fiscal 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.34# Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Time-Based Vesting) (awarded pursuant to the Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 1999 Stock Incentive Plan). Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter of fiscal 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.35 Transition Services Agreement, dated as of April 26, 2019, by and between Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. and WorleyParsons Limited. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K on April 29, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.36# Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. Leadership Performance Plan, as amended and restated effective November 18 , 202 0 . Filed as Exhibit 10.37 to the Registrant ' s 2020 Annual R eport on Form 10-K and i ncorporated herein by reference. 
 21 List of Subsidiaries of Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 
 23 Consent of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 Page 70 

31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 XBRL Coverpage interactive data file 
 Being filed herewith. 
 # Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. Dated: November 23, 2021 By: /S/ Steven J. Demetriou Steven J. Demetriou Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 
 Page 71 

Signature Title Date /S/ Steven J. Demetriou Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) November 23, 2021 Steven J. Demetriou /S/ Vincent K. Brooks Director November 23, 2021 Vincent K. Brooks /S/ Robert C. Davidson, Jr. Director November 23, 2021 Robert C. Davidson, Jr. /S/ Ralph E. Eberhart Director November 23, 2021 Ralph E. Eberhart /S/ Manny Fernandez Director November 23, 2021 Manny Fernandez /S/ Georgette D. Kiser Director November 23, 2021 Georgette D. Kiser /S/ Linda Fayne Levinson Director November 23, 2021 Linda Fayne Levinson /S/ Barbara L. Loughran Director November 23, 2021 Barbara L. Loughran /S/ Robert A. McNamara Director November 23, 2021 Robert A. McNamara /S/ Christopher M.T. Thompson Director November 23, 2021 Christopher M.T. Thompson /S/ Kevin C. Berryman President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) November 23, 2021 Kevin C. Berryman /S/ William B. Allen Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) November 23, 2021 William B. Allen 

Page 72 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 WITH REPORTS OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 October 1, 2021 
 F-1 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 October 1, 2021 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at October 1 , 202 1 and Octob er 2 , 2020 
 F-3 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the Fiscal Years Ended October 1, 2021, October 2, 2020 and September 27, 2019 
 F-4 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Fiscal Years Ended O ctober 1, 2021, October 2, 2020 and September 27, 2019 
 F-5 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Fiscal Years Ended October 1, 2021 , October 2, 2020 and September 27, 2019 
 F-6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Fiscal Years Ended October 1, 2021, October 2, 2020 and September 27, 2019 
 F-7 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-9 
 Reports of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-62 

F-2 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share information) October 1, 2021 October 2, 2020 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Receivables and contract assets Prepaid expenses and other Investment in equity securities Total current assets Property, Equipment and Improvements, net Other Noncurrent Assets: Goodwill Intangibles, net Deferred income tax assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Miscellaneous Total other noncurrent assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current Liabilities: Current maturities of long-term debt Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Operating lease liability Contract liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Liabilities relating to defined benefit pension and retirement plans Deferred income tax liabilities Long-term operating lease liability Other deferred liabilities Commitments and Contingencies Redeemable Noncontrolling interests Stockholders Equity: Capital stock: Preferred stock, par value, authorized - shares; issued and outstanding - 
 Common stock, par value, authorized - shares; issued and outstanding - shares and shares as of October 1, 2021 and October 2, 2020, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Jacobs stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total Group stockholders equity 
 See the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-3 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS 
 For the Fiscal Years Ended October 1, 2021, October 2, 2020 and September 27, 2019 
 (In thousands, except per share information) October 1, 2021 October 2, 2020 September 27, 2019 Revenues Direct cost of contracts ) ) ) Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) ) Operating Profit Other Income (Expense): Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Miscellaneous income (expense), net ) Total other income (expense), net ) ) Earnings from Continuing Operations Before Taxes Income Tax Expense for Continuing Operations ) ) ) Net Earnings of the Group from Continuing Operations Net Earnings of the Group from Discontinued Operations Net Earnings of the Group Net Earnings Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests from Continuing Operations ) ) ) Net Loss Attributable to Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Net Earnings Attributable to Jacobs from Continuing Operations Net (Earnings) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests from Discontinued Operations ) Net Earnings Attributable to Jacobs from Discontinued Operations Net Earnings Attributable to Jacobs Net Earnings Per Share: Basic Net Earnings from Continuing Operations Per Share Basic Net Earnings from Discontinued Operations Per Share Basic Earnings Per Share Diluted Net Earnings from Continuing Operations Per Share Diluted Net Earnings from Discontinued Operations Per Share Diluted Earnings Per Share 
 See the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-4 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 For the Fiscal Years Ended October 1, 2021, October 2, 2020 and September 27, 2019 
 (In thousands) October 1, 2021 October 2, 2020 September 27, 2019 Net Earnings of the Group Other Comprehensive Income (Loss): Foreign currency translation adjustment Gain (loss) on cash flow hedges ) Change in pension and retiree medical plan liabilities ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before taxes ) ) Income Tax (Expense) Benefit: Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Cash flow hedges ) ) Change in pension and retiree medical plan liabilities ) Income Tax (Expense) Benefit: ) Net other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Net Comprehensive Income of the Group Net Earnings Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests ) ) ) Net Loss Attributable to Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Net Comprehensive Income Attributable to Jacobs 
 See the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements including the Company's note on Other Financial Information for a presentation of amounts reclassified to net income during the period. 
 F-5 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 For the Fiscal Years Ended October 1, 2021, October 2, 2020 and September 27, 2019 
 (In thousands) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Jacobs Stockholders Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Group Stockholders Equity Balances at September 28, 2018 ) Net earnings Disposition of ECR business, net of deferred taxes 
 ) Adoption of ASC 606, net of deferred taxes ) 
 ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Pension and retiree medical plan liability, net of deferred taxes of 
 ) ) ) Gain on derivatives, net of deferred taxes of 
 Noncontrolling interest acquired / consolidated ) ) ) Dividends ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Stock based compensation Issuances of equity securities including shares withheld for taxes ) Repurchases of equity securities ) ) ) ) ) Balances at September 27, 2019 ) Net earnings Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of deferred taxes of 
 Pension and retiree medical plan liability, net of deferred taxes of ) 
 ) ) ) (Loss) Gain on derivatives, net of deferred taxes of ) 
 ) ) ) Dividends ) ) ) Noncontrolling interests - distributions and other ) ) Stock based compensation Issuances of equity securities including shares withheld for taxes ) Repurchases of equity securities ) ) ) ) ) Balances at October 2, 2020 ) Net earnings Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of deferred taxes of 
 Pension and retiree medical plan liability, net of deferred taxes of 
 Gain on derivatives, net of deferred taxes of 
 Dividends ) ) ) Noncontrolling interests - distributions and other ) ) Redeemable Noncontrolling interests redemption value adjustment ) ) ) Stock based compensation Issuances of equity securities including shares withheld for taxes ) Repurchases of equity securities ) ) ) ) ) Balances at October 1, 2021 ) 
 See the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-6 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 For the Fiscal Years Ended October 1, 2021 , October 2, 2020 and September 27, 2019 
 (In thousands) October 1, 2021 October 2, 2020 September 27, 2019 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net earnings attributable to the Group Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash flows provided by (used for) operations: Depreciation and amortization: Property, equipment and improvements Intangible assets Gain on sale of ECR business ) ) ) Loss on disposal of other businesses and investments (Gain) loss on investment in equity securities ) Stock based compensation Equity in earnings of operating ventures, net of return on capital distributions ) Loss on disposals of assets, net Impairment of equity method investment and other long term assets Loss (gain) on pension and retiree medical plan changes ) Deferred income taxes ) Changes in assets and liabilities, excluding the effects of businesses acquired: 
 
 Receivables and contract assets, net of contract liabilities ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Miscellaneous other assets Accounts payable ) ) Income taxes payable ) Accrued liabilities ) ) ) Other deferred liabilities ) ) ) Other, net ) ) Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 
 
 Additions to property and equipment ) ) ) Disposals of property and equipment and other assets Capital contributions to equity investees, net of return of capital distributions ) ) ) Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Disposals of investment in equity securities Proceeds (Payments) related to sales of businesses ) Purchases of noncontrolling interests ) Net cash (used for) provided by investing activities ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 
 
 Proceeds from long-term borrowings Repayments of long-term borrowings ) ) ) Proceeds from short-term borrowings Repayments of short-term borrowings ) ) ) Debt issuance costs ) ) ) Proceeds from issuances of common stock Common stock repurchases ) ) ) Taxes paid on vested restricted stock ) ) ) Cash dividends, including to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities ) ) Effect of Exchange Rate Changes Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash ) Cash and Cash Equivalents, including Restricted Cash, at the Beginning of the Period Cash and Cash Equivalents, including Restricted Cash, at the End of the Period 
 See the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-7 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 
 operating segments: Critical Mission Solutions, People Places Solutions and the recent strategic investment in PA Consulting Group Limited ("PA Consulting"). 
 We provide a broad range of technical, professional and construction services including engineering, design and architectural services; construction and construction management services; operations and maintenance services; and process, scientific and systems consulting services. We provide our services through offices and subsidiaries located primarily in North America, Europe, the Middle East, India, Australia, New Zealand and Asia. We provide our services under cost-reimbursable and fixed-price contracts, with our fixed-price contracts comprised mainly of professional services arrangements and in some limited cases, construction. 
 Fixed-price 
 Basis of Presentation, Definition of Fiscal Year, and Other Matters 
 The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("U.S. GAAP") and include the accounts of Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates which it controls. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 The Company s fiscal year ends on the Friday closest to September 30 (determined on the basis of the number of workdays) and, accordingly, an additional week of activity is added every five-to-six years. Fiscal 2020 included an extra week of activity. 
 Effective the beginning of fiscal first quarter 2020, the Company adopted ASU 2016-02, Leases ("ASC 842"), including the subsequent ASU's that amended and clarified the related guidance. The Company adopted ASC 842 using a modified retrospective approach, and accordingly the new guidance was applied to leases that existed or were entered into after the first day of adoption without adjusting the comparative periods presented. Please refer to Note 10- Leases for a discussion of our updated policies and disclosures related to leases. 
 Effective the beginning of fiscal first quarter 2019, the Company adopted ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , including the subsequent ASUs that amended and clarified the related guidance. The Company adopted ASC Topic 606 using the modified retrospective method, and accordingly the new guidance was applied retrospectively to contracts that were not completed or substantially completed as of September 29, 2018 (the date of initial application). Please refer to Note 3- Revenue Accounting for Contracts . 
 On March 2, 2021, Jacobs completed the strategic investment of a interest in PA Consulting, a UK-based leading innovation and transformation consulting firm. The total consideration paid by the Company was billion, funded through cash on hand, proceeds from a new term loan and draws on the Company's existing revolver. Further, in connection with the transaction, an additional 261 million in investment proceeds had not yet been distributed at the investment date due to continuing employment requirements of associated management owners. Consequently, this amount represented compensation expense incurred related to the investment that was expensed subsequent to the acquisition date, and is reflected in selling, general and administrative expense and cash from operations for the current fiscal year. The remaining 35 interest is held by PA Consulting employees, whose redeemable noncontrolling interests had a fair value of million on the closing date, including subsequent purchase accounting adjustments. PA Consulting is accounted for as a consolidated subsidiary and as a separate operating segment under U.S. GAAP accounting rules See Note 14- PA Consulting Business Combination for more discussion on the investment and Note 9- Borrowings for more discussion on the financing for the transaction. 
 F-8 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 million, which was comprised of approximately million in cash to the former owners of Buffalo Group and contingent consideration of million which was expected to be settled in fiscal 2022. Subsequent to the closing date and during the current fiscal year, the Company recognized the 7.7 million as an offset to selling, general and administrative expense as it was no longer expected to be paid. In conjunction with the acquisition, the Company assumed the Buffalo Group's debt of approximately million. The Company repaid all of the assumed Buffalo Group debt by the end of the first fiscal quarter of 2021. The Company has recorded its preliminary purchase price allocation associated with the acquisition, which is summarized in Note 15- Other Business Combinations. 
 On March 6, 2020, a subsidiary of Jacobs completed the acquisition of the nuclear consulting, remediation and program management business of John Wood Group, a U.K.-based energy services company, for an enterprise value of million, or approximately million, less cash acquired of million. The Company has recorded its preliminary purchase price allocation associated with the acquisition, which is summarized in Note 15- Other Business Combinations. 
 On June 12, 2019, Jacobs completed the acquisition of The KeyW Holding Corporation KeyW ), a U.S.-based national security solutions provider to the intelligence, cyber, and counter terrorism communities, by acquiring of the outstanding shares of KeyW common stock. The Company paid total consideration of million, which was comprised of approximately million in cash to the former stockholders and certain equity award holders of KeyW and the assumption of KeyW s debt of approximately million. The Company repaid all of the assumed KeyW debt by the end of the fourth fiscal quarter of 2019. The Company has recorded its final purchase price allocation associated with the acquisition, which is summarized in Note 15- Other Business Combinations . 
 On April 26, 2019, Jacobs completed the sale of its Energy, Chemicals and Resources ("ECR") business to Worley Limited, a company incorporated in Australia ("Worley"), for a purchase price of billion consisting of (i) billion in cash plus (ii) million ordinary shares of Worley, subject to adjustments for changes in working capital and certain other items (the ECR sale ). As a result of the ECR sale, substantially all ECR-related assets and liabilities have been sold (the "Disposal Group"). We determined that the Disposal Group should be reported as discontinued operations in accordance with ASC 210-05, Discontinued Operations because their disposal represents a strategic shift that had a major effect on our operations and financial results. As such, the financial results of the ECR business are reflected in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings as discontinued operations for all periods presented. As of October 1, 2021, all of the ECR business to be sold under the terms of the sale has been conveyed to Worley and as such, no amounts remain held for sale. For further discussion see Note 16- Sale of Energy, Chemicals and Resources ("ECR") Business . 
 
 2. 
 F-9 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 F-10 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 F-11 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 F-12 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 to years for buildings, from to years for equipment and from to years for leasehold improvements. 
 
 F-13 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

to . The Company s lease obligations are primarily for the use of office space and are primarily operating leases. Certain of the Company s leases contain renewal, extension, or termination options. The Company assesses each option on an individual basis and will only include options reasonably certain of exercise in the lease term. The Company generally considers the base term to be the term provided in the contract. None of the Company s lease agreements contain material options to purchase the leased property, material residual value guarantees, or material restrictions or covenants. 
 F-14 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

F-15 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 equity interest in the form of preferred and common shares of PA Consulting. The preferred shares are entitled to a cumulative annual compounding dividend based on the outstanding preferred share subscription price. These interest holders have certain option rights to put the preferred and common share interests back to the Company at a value based on the fair value of PA Consulting (the redemption values). Additionally, the Company has an option to call the interests for certain individual shareholders in certain circumstances. Because the interests are redeemable at the option of the holders and not solely within the control of the Company, the Company classified the interests in redeemable noncontrolling interests within its Consolidated Balance Sheet at their redemption values. The optional redemption features may become exercisable no earlier than from the March 2, 2021 closing date, or upon the occurrence of certain other events. 
 The Company has deemed these interests probable of becoming redeemable in the future and requiring their measurement at the greater of (i) the redemption amount that would be paid if settlement occurred at the balance sheet date, or (ii) the historical value resulting from the original acquisition date fair value plus the impact of any earnings or loss attribution amounts, including dividends. The fair value of the the PA Consulting redeemable noncontrolling interest is determined using an income and market approach. 
 
 F-16 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

3. 
 
 F-17 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 Europe Canada Asia India Australia and New Zealand South America and Mexico Middle East and Africa Total 

Contract Liabilities 
 Contract liabilities represent amounts billed to clients in excess of revenue recognized to date. Revenue recognized for the year ended October 1, 2021 that was included in the contract liability balance on October 2, 2020 was million. Revenue recognized for the year ended October 2, 2020 that was included in the contract liability balance on September 27, 2019 was million. 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 The Company s remaining performance obligations as of October 1, 2021 represent a measure of the total dollar value of work to be performed on contracts awarded and in progress. The Company had approximately billion in remaining performance obligations as of October 1, 2021. The Company expects to recognize of our remaining performance obligations within the next twelve months and the remaining thereafter. 
 Although remaining performance obligations reflect business that is considered to be firm, cancellations, scope adjustments, foreign currency exchange fluctuations or project deferrals may occur that impact their volume or the expected timing of their recognition. Remaining performance obligations are adjusted to reflect any known project cancellations, revisions to project scope and cost, foreign currency exchange fluctuations and project deferrals, as appropriate. 
 
 4. 
 F-18 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 Preferred Redeemable Noncontrolling interests redemption value adjustment (See Note 14- PA Consulting Business Combination 
 ) Net earnings from continuing operations allocated to participating securities ) ) Net earnings from continuing operations allocated to common stock for EPS calculation Net earnings attributable to Jacobs from discontinued operations Net earnings from discontinued operations allocated to participating securities ) ) Net earnings from discontinued operations allocated to common stock for EPS calculation Net earnings allocated to common stock for EPS calculation Denominator for Basic and Diluted EPS: Weighted average basic shares Shares allocated to participating securities ) ) Shares used for calculating basic EPS attributable to common stock Effect of dilutive securities: Stock compensation plans Shares used for calculating diluted EPS attributable to common stock Net Earnings Per Share: Basic Net Earnings from Continuing Operations Per Share Basic Net Earnings from Discontinued Operations Per Share Basic Earnings Per Share: Diluted Net Earnings from Continuing Operations Per Share Diluted Net Earnings from Discontinued Operations Per Share Diluted Earnings Per Share: 
 
 F-19 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

(1) Includes commissions paid and calculated at the average price per share 
 As a precautionary measure in light of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company temporarily suspended purchases under the share repurchase plan in March 2020, with such suspension remaining in effect through the fiscal third quarter of 2020. During the fourth fiscal quarter of 2020, the Company resumed share repurchases. As of October 1, 2021, the Company has remaining amounts available under the 2019 Repurchase Authorization and million remaining under the 2020 Repurchase Authorization. 
 Our share repurchase programs do not obligate the Company to purchase any shares. Share repurchases may be executed through various means including, without limitation, accelerated share repurchases, open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions, purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or otherwise. The authorization for the share repurchase programs may be terminated, increased or decreased by the Company s Board of Directors in its discretion at any time. The timing, amount and manner of share repurchases may depend upon market conditions and economic circumstances, availability of investment opportunities, the availability and costs of financing, currency fluctuations, the market price of the Company's common stock, other uses of capital and other factors. 
 Common and Preferred Stock 
 Jacobs is authorized to issue two classes of capital stock designated common stock and preferred stock (each has a par value of per share). The preferred stock may be issued in one or more series. The number of shares to be included in a series as well as each series designation, relative powers, dividend and other preferences, rights and qualifications, redemption provisions and restrictions are to be fixed by the Company s Board of Directors at the time each series is issued. Except as may be provided by the Company s Board of Directors in a preferred stock designation, or otherwise provided for by statute, the holders of shares of common stock have the exclusive right to vote for the election of directors and on all other matters requiring stockholder action. The holders of shares of common stock are entitled to dividends if and when declared by the Company s Board of Directors from whatever assets are legally available for that purpose. 
 Dividends 
 On September 23, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of per share of the Company s common stock which was paid on October 29, 2021, to shareholders of record on the close of business on October 15, 2021. Future dividend declarations are subject to review and approval by the Company s Board of Directors. 
 
 F-20 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 April 22, 2021 May 28, 2021 June 25, 2021 January 27, 2021 February 26, 2021 March 26, 2021 September 17, 2020 October 2, 2020 October 30, 2020 July 9, 2020 July 24, 2020 August 21, 2020 May 5, 2020 May 20, 2020 June 17, 2020 January 16, 2020 January 31, 2020 February 28, 2020 

5. 
 Acquired Post-Acquisition Adjustments Foreign Exchange Impact ) ) Balance October 1, 2021 
 Acquired Amortization ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) ) Balances, October 1, 2021 Weighted Average Amortization Period (years) 
 The weighted average amortization period includes the effects of foreign currency translation. 
 
 F-21 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total 

6. 
 Unbilled receivables and other Contract assets Total receivables and contract assets, net Other information about receivables: Amounts due from the United States federal government included above, net of contract liabilities 
 Property, Equipment and Improvements, Net 
 Buildings Equipment Leasehold improvements Construction in progress Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) 
 F-22 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 Europe Canada Asia India Australia and New Zealand Middle East and Africa Total 
 See discussion in Note 10- Leases , regarding impairments recorded in the current year relating to the Company's real estate lease portfolio and related property, equipment and improvements, net. 
 Accrued Liabilities 
 Project-related accruals Non project-related accruals Insurance liabilities Sales and other similar taxes Dividends payable Total 
 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Reclassifications from other comprehensive income (loss) Balance at October 2, 2020 
 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Reclassifications from other comprehensive income (loss) Balance at October 1, 2021 
 ) ) ) 
 
 F-23 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 7. 
 ) State ) Foreign Total current tax expense from continuing operations ) Deferred income tax expense (benefit) from continuing operations: Federal State Foreign ) ) Total deferred tax expense (benefit) from continuing operations ) Consolidated income tax expense from continuing operations 
 Deferred taxes reflect the tax effects of temporary differences between the amounts recorded as assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the comparable amounts recorded for income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. 
 Other employee benefit plans Net operating losses Foreign tax credit Contract revenues and costs Investments Lease liability Deferred interest Valuation allowance ) ) Gross deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Depreciation and amortization ) ) Lease right of use asset ) ) Unremitted earnings ) ) Partnership investment ) ) Other, net ) ) Gross deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax (liabilities) assets ) 
 
 Certain amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation. 
 F-24 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

million and a corresponding increase to income tax expense for the year ended October 1, 2021. Our income tax expense in the United Kingdom will be based on the new rate beginning in April 2023. 
 A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized based on an assessment of positive and negative evidence, including estimates of future taxable income necessary to realize future deductible amounts. The valuation allowance was million at October 1, 2021 and million at October 2, 2020. Of the million increase in the valuation allowance, million relates to a change in judgment on the realizability of domestic deferred tax assets which are capital in nature with no expected capital gains to be able to realize them, million for a change in judgment on the realizability on state net operating losses, a change of million from certain deferred tax assets acquired in the PA Consulting acquisition which have been determined to not be realizable, million relates to a tax rate change in the U.K., and million attributable to current year activity. 
 At October 1, 2021 and October 2, 2020, the domestic and international net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards totaled million and million, resulting in an NOL deferred tax asset of million and million, respectively. The Company's net operating losses have various expiration periods between 2021 and indefinite periods. At October 1, 2021, the Company has foreign tax credit carryforwards of million, which has a full valuation allowance established, expiring between 2022 and 2031. 
 
 F-25 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

State taxes, net of the federal benefit Exclusion of tax on non-controlling interests ) ) ) ) ) ) Foreign: Difference in tax rates of foreign operations ) ) Expense/(benefit) from foreign valuation allowance change ) ) ) ) Nondeductible compensation U.S. tax cost (benefit) of foreign operations ) ) Tax differential on foreign earnings ) ) Foreign tax credits ) ) ) ) ) ) Tax Rate Change ) ) Tax reform Valuation allowance ) ) Uncertain tax positions ) ) ) ) Other items: Energy efficient commercial buildings deduction ) ) ) ) ) ) Disallowed officer compensation Stock compensation ) ) ) ) ) ) Other items net ) ) ) ) ) ) Total other items ) ) ) ) ) ) Taxes on income from continuing operations 
 
 Foreign earnings 
 
 During the first and second quarters of fiscal year ended 2021, Jacobs management asserted that million of undistributed earnings in Canada and million of undistributed earnings in India be permanently reinvested. Management considered the additional working capital needs along with the future business operations in Canada and India in determining the permanent reinvestment assertion. 
 F-26 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 million and million at October 1, 2021 and October 2, 2020, respectively, after ASU 2013-11 netting of million and million, respectively. If recognized, million would affect the Company s consolidated effective income tax rate. The Company had million and million in accrued interest and penalties at October 1, 2021 and October 2, 2020, respectively. The Company estimates that, within twelve months, we may realize a decrease in our uncertain tax positions of approximately million as a result of concluding various tax audits and closing tax years, as well as an estimated decrease of million related to the filing of an amended return which would remove the uncertain tax position from the balance sheet. As of October 1, 2021, the Company s U.S. federal income tax returns for tax years 2013 and forward remain subject to examination. 
 Acquisitions/Divestitures ) Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) ) ) Settlement ) ) ) Balance, end of year 
 interest in PA Consulting. On November 24, 2020, the Company completed the acquisition of Buffalo Group. On March 6, 2020, the Company completed the acquisition of John Wood Group's nuclear business and on June 12, 2019, the Company completed the acquisition of KeyW. For income tax purposes, the PA Consulting, John Wood Group's nuclear business and KeyW transactions were accounted for as stock purchases, while the Buffalo Group transaction was structured as an asset purchase. As a result of the acquisitions, the Company adjusted its U.S. GAAP opening balance sheet of PA Consulting, Buffalo Group, John Wood Group and KeyW to reflect estimates of the fair value of the net assets acquired. For income tax purposes, the tax attributes and basis of net assets acquired carryover without any step-up to fair value in the transactions structured as a stock purchase. However, in the Buffalo Group transaction, the basis of the net assets acquired were stepped up to fair value, as the sale was treated as a purchase of assets. For PA Consulting and Buffalo Group, the Company has made preliminary estimates and recorded deferred taxes associated with the purchase accounting. It is expected that the Company will make adjustments to the purchase accounting over the relevant measurement period as allowed by ASC 805. For John Wood Group's nuclear business and KeyW, the Company completed its purchase accounting in the current and prior fiscal years, respectively. 
 F-27 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 8. 
 
 Non-Current assets Total assets Current liabilities Non-current liabilities Total liabilities 
 For the Years Ended October 1, 2021 October 2, 2020 September 27, 2019 Revenue Direct cost of contracts ) ) ) Gross profit Net earnings 
 On March 2, 2021, Jacobs completed the strategic investment of a interest in PA Consulting, a UK-based leading innovation and transformation consulting firm. The remaining interest is held by PA Consulting employees. PA Consulting is accounted for as a consolidated subsidiary under U.S. GAAP accounting rules. See Note 14- PA Consulting Business Combination for more discussion on the acquisition. 
 Unconsolidated joint ventures are accounted for under the equity method or proportionate consolidation. Proportionate consolidation is used for joint ventures that include unincorporated legal entities and activities of the joint venture are construction-related. For those joint ventures accounted for under proportionate consolidation, only the Company s pro rata share of assets, liabilities, revenue, and costs are included in the Company s balance sheet and results of operations. 
 For the proportionate consolidated VIEs, the carrying value of assets and liabilities was million and million as of October 1, 2021, respectively and million and million as of October 2, 2020, respectively. For those joint ventures accounted for under the equity method, the Company's investment balances for the joint venture is included in other noncurrent Assets: miscellaneous on the balance sheet and the Company s pro rata share of net income is included in revenue. In limited cases, there are basis differences between the equity in the joint venture and Jacobs' investment created when Jacobs purchased their share of the joint venture. These basis differences are amortized based on an internal allocation to underlying net assets, excluding allocations to goodwill. As of October 1, 2021, the Company s equity method investments exceeded its share of venture net assets by million. Our investments in equity method joint ventures on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 1, 2021 and October 2, 2020 were a net asset of million and million, respectively. During the years ended October 1, 2021, October 2, 2020, and September 27, 2019, we recognized income from equity method joint ventures of million, million, and million, respectively. 
 F-28 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 Non-Current assets Total assets Current liabilities Non-current liabilities Total liabilities Joint ventures' equity Total liabilities joint venture equity 
 For the Years Ended October 1, 2021 October 2, 2020 September 27, 2019 Revenue Direct cost of contracts ) ) ) Gross profit Net earnings 
 Accounts receivable from unconsolidated joint ventures accounted for under the equity method is million and million as of October 1, 2021 and October 2, 2020, respectively. 
 The Company currently holds a interest in AWE Management Ltd ("AWE") that is accounted for under the equity method, and the carrying value of the Company s investment as of October 2, 2020 was approximately million. As of October 2, 2020, AWE was under a contractual operating arrangement with the UK Ministry of Defence (MoD) with multiple years remaining under the arrangement. On November 2, 2020, the MoD unexpectedly announced plans to change its current operating agreements with AWE that would result in the early termination of the current contract in 2021. During the fiscal year ended October 1, 2021, the Company recorded other-than-temporary impairment charges on its investment in AWE in the amount of million, which were included in miscellaneous income (expense), net in the consolidated statement of earnings. 
 At October 2, 2020, the Company held a cost method investment in C3.ai, Inc. ("C3") of approximately million. On December 9, 2020, C3 completed an initial public offering and as a result the Company carried its investment in C3 at fair value, with mark to market changes reflected in net income as it is an investment in equity securities with a readily determinable fair value based on quoted market prices. During the third fiscal quarter of fiscal 2021 and subsequent to the IPO, the Company sold all shares owned in C3, at a realized pre-tax gain of million. Dividend income, unrealized gains and losses on changes in fair value and related realized gains and losses on disposal of the C3 shares have been recognized in miscellaneous income (expense), net in the consolidated statement of earnings. 
 F-29 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 9. 
 2021 Term Loan Facility LIBOR + applicable margin (2) March 2024 2020 Term Loan Facility LIBOR + applicable margin (3) March 2025 (4) Fixed-rate notes due: Senior Notes, Series A May 2025 Senior Notes, Series B May 2028 Senior Notes, Series C May 2030 Less: Current Portion (4) ) Less: Deferred Financing Fees ) ) Total Long-term debt, net 
 and or a base rate plus a margin of between and .The applicable LIBOR rates, including applicable margins, at October 1, 2021 and October 2, 2020 were approximately and . 
 (2) Depending on the Company s Consolidated Leverage Ratio (as defined in the credit agreement governing the 2021 Term Loan Facility (defined below)), borrowings under the 2021 Term Loan Facility bear interest at either a eurocurrency rate plus a margin of between and or a base rate plus a margin of between and . The applicable LIBOR rate, including applicable margin, at October 1, 2021 was approximately . 
 (3) Depending on the Company s Consolidated Leverage Ratio (as defined in the credit agreement governing the 2020 Term Loan Facility (defined below)), borrowings under the 2020 Term Loan Facility bear interest at either a eurocurrency rate plus a margin of between and or a base rate plus a margin of between and . The applicable LIBOR rates, including applicable margins, at October 1, 2021 and October 2, 2020 were approximately and . 
 (4) The 2020 Term Loan requires quarterly principal repayments of , or million and million, of the aggregate initial principal amount borrowed. 
 On February 7, 2014, Jacobs and certain of its subsidiaries entered into a billion long-term unsecured, revolving credit facility (as amended, the 2014 Revolving Credit Facility with a syndicate of U.S. and international banks and financial institutions. On March 27, 2019, the Company entered into a second amended and restated credit agreement (the "Revolving Credit Facility") which amended and restated the 2014 Revolving Credit Facility by, among other things, (a) extending the maturity date of the credit facility to March 27, 2024, (b) increasing the facility amount to billion (with an accordion feature that allows a further increase of the facility amount up to billion), (c) eliminating the covenants restricting investments, joint ventures and acquisitions by the Company and its subsidiaries and (d) adjusting the financial covenants to eliminate the net worth covenant upon the removal of the same covenant from the Company s existing Note Purchase Agreement (defined below). We were in compliance with the covenants under the Revolving Credit Facility at October 1, 2021. 
 On December 16, 2020, Jacobs entered into a first amendment to the Revolving Credit Facility, which provides for, among other things, (a) administrative changes allowing a one-time limited conditionality draw under the Revolving Credit Facility in connection with the March 2, 2021 investment by the Company, indirectly through a subsidiary of the Company, of a majority interest in PA Consulting and (b) an increase in the interest rate applicable margin to per annum if the Consolidated Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Revolving Credit Facility) of the Company is equal to or greater than to 1.00. 
 The Revolving Credit Facility permits the Company to borrow under separate tranches in U.S. dollars, certain specified foreign currencies, and any other currency that may be approved in accordance with the terms of the Revolving Credit Facility. The Revolving Credit Facility also provides for a financial letter of credit sub facility of million, permits performance letters of credit, and provides for a million sub facility for swing line loans. Letters of credit are subject to fees based on the Company s Consolidated Leverage Ratio. The Company pays a facility fee of between and per annum depending on the Company s Consolidated Leverage Ratio. 
 F-30 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 million and one of the Company's U.K. subsidiaries borrowed an aggregate principal amount of million. The proceeds of the term loans were used to repay the Bilateral Term Loan and for general corporate purposes. The 2020 Term Loan Facility contains affirmative and negative covenants and events of default customary for financings of this type that are consistent with those included in the Revolving Credit Facility. During fiscal 2020, the Company entered into interest rate and cross currency derivative contracts to swap a portion of our variable rate debt to fixed rate debt. See Note 18- Commitments and Contingencies and Derivative Financial Instruments for discussion regarding the Company's derivative instruments. 
 On January 20, 2021, the Company entered into an unsecured delayed draw term loan facility (the 2021 Term Loan Facility with a syndicate of financial institutions as lenders. Under the 2021 Term Loan Facility, the Company borrowed an aggregate principal amount of million and million. The proceeds of the term loans were used primarily to fund the Company's investment in PA Consulting. The 2021 Term Loan Facility contains affirmative and negative covenants and events of default customary for financings of this type that are consistent with those included in the Revolving Credit Facility and the 2020 Term Loan Facility. 
 The 2020 Term Loan Facility and the 2021 Term Loan Facility are together referred to as the "Term Loan Facilities". We were in compliance with the covenants under the Term Loan Facilities at October 1, 2021. 
 On March 12, 2018, Jacobs entered into a note purchase agreement (as amended, the "Note Purchase Agreement") with respect to the issuance and sale in a private placement transaction of million in the aggregate principal amount of the Company s senior notes in three series (collectively, the Senior Notes ). The Note Purchase Agreement provides that if the Company's consolidated leverage ratio exceeds a certain amount, the interest on the Senior Notes may increase by basis points. The Senior Notes may be prepaid at any time subject to a make-whole premium. The sale of the Senior Notes closed on May 15, 2018. The Company used the net proceeds from the offering of Senior Notes to repay certain existing indebtedness and for other general corporate purposes. The Note Purchase Agreement contains affirmative, negative and financial covenants customary for financings of this type, including, among other things, covenants to maintain a minimum consolidated net worth and maximum consolidated leverage ratio and limitations on certain liens, mergers, dispositions and transactions with affiliates. In addition, the Note Purchase Agreement contains customary events of default. We were in compliance with the covenants under the Note Purchase Agreement at October 1, 2021. 
 We believe the carrying value of the Revolving Credit Facility, the Term Loan Facilities and other debt approximates fair value based on the interest rates and scheduled maturities applicable to the outstanding borrowings. The fair value of the Senior Notes is estimated to be million at October 1, 2021, based on Level 2 inputs. The fair value is determined by discounting future cash flows using interest rates available for issuances with similar terms and average maturities. 
 The Company has issued million in letters of credit under the Revolving Credit Facility, leaving billion of available borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility at October 1, 2021. In addition, the Company had issued million under separate, committed and uncommitted letter-of-credit facilities for total issued letters of credit of million at October 1, 2021. 

F-31 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 10. 
 Variable lease cost Sublease income ) ) Total lease cost 
 Supplemental information related to the Company's leases for the year ended October 1, 2021 was as follows (in thousands): 
 Year Ended Cash paid for amounts included in the measurements of lease liabilities Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term - operating leases years Weighted average discount rate - operating leases 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Less Interest ) 
 
 Right-of-Use and Other Long-Lived Asset Impairment 
 In the fourth fiscal quarter of 2020, as a result and in consideration of the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and the changing nature of the Company's use of office space for its workforce, the Company evaluated its existing real estate lease portfolio as part of its transformation initiatives related to real estate and staffing programs. These initiatives during the prior year resulted in the actual abandonment of certain leased office spaces and the establishment of a formal plan to sublease certain other leased spaces that will no longer be utilized by the Company. In connection with the Company s actions related to these initiatives, the Company evaluated certain of its lease right-of-use assets and related property, equipment and leasehold improvements for impairment under ASC 360. 
 As a result of the analysis, the Company recognized an impairment loss during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 of million, which is included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statement of earnings for the fiscal year ended October 2, 2020. The impairment loss recorded includes million related to right-of-use 
 F-32 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 million related to other long-lived assets, including property, equipment and improvements and leasehold improvements. 

11. 
 of the per-share market value on the day shares are sold to employees. Aggregate Number of Shares Sold (in thousands): 
 At October 1, 2021, there rema ins sh ares reserved for issuance under the Company's stock purchase plans. 
 Stock Incentive Plans 
 We also sponsor the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (the "SIP") and the 1999 Outside Director Stock Plan, as amended and restated (the "ODSP"). The 1999 SIP provides for the issuance of incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, share appreciation rights ("SARs"), restricted stock and restricted stock units to employees. The 1999 ODSP provides for awards of shares of common stock, restricted stock, restricted stock units and grants of non-qualified stock options to our outside (i.e., nonemployee) directors. Number of remaining shares reserved for issuance at October 1, 2021 Number of shares relating to outstanding stock options at October 1, 2021 Number of shares available for future awards: At October 1, 2021 At October 2, 2020 
 Effective September 28, 2012, all grants of shares under the 1999 SIP are issued on a fungible basis. An award other than an option or SAR are granted on a -to-1.00 basis Fungible ). An award of an option or SAR are granted on a -to-1 basis Not Fungible ). 
 F-33 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 Restricted Stock Units (service, market, and performance conditions at target) Total 
 At October 1, 2021, the amount of compensation cost relating to non-vested awards not yet recognized in the financial statements is approximately million. The majority of these unrecognized compensation costs will be recognized by the first quarter of fisc al 2023. The weighted average remaining contractual term of options currently exercisable is years . 
 Stock Options 
 Exercised ) Cancelled or expired ) Outstanding at September 27, 2019 Exercised ) Cancelled or expired ) Outstanding at October 2, 2020 Exercised ) Cancelled or expired ) Outstanding at October 1, 2021 
 Cash received from the exercise of stock options, net of tax remitted, during the year ended October 1, 2021 was million . 
 F-34 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

The total intrinsic value of stock options exercisable at October 1, 2021 was approximately million. 

Number of options exercisable For the fiscal year: Range of prices relating to options exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 The 1999 ODSP and the 1999 SIP allow participants to satisfy the exercise price of stock options by tendering shares of Jacobs common stock that have been owned by the participants for at least six months. Shares so tendered are retired and canceled, and are shown as repurchases of common stock in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity. The weighted average remaining contractual term of options currently exercisable i s years . 
 Restricted Stock 
 Restricted stock units (service and performance conditions) 
 The amount of restricted stock units issued for awards with performance and market conditions in the above table are issued based on performance against the target amount. The number of shares ultimately issued, which could be 
 F-35 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 Granted Vested ) Canceled ) Outstanding at October 1, 2021 
 Restricted stock units (service condition) Restricted stock units (service, market and performance conditions) 
 The amount of unvested restricted stock units canceled for awards with service and performance conditions in the above table is based on the service period achieved and performance against the target amount. 
 The restrictions attached to restricted stock and restricted stock units generally relate to the recipient s ability to sell or otherwise transfer the stock or stock units. There are also restrictions that subject the stock and stock units to forfeiture back to the Company until earned by the recipient through continued employment or service. 
 shares of restricted stock were issued under the 1999 ODSP during such periods. 
 October 1, 2021 Restricted stock Restricted stock units (service condition) Restricted stock units (service, market and performance conditions) 
 The following table presents the number of shares of restricted stock and restricted stock units issued under the 1999 ODSP for the years ended October 1, 2021, October 2, 2020 and September 27, 2019: 
 For the Years Ended October 1, 2021 October 2, 2020 September 27, 2019 Restricted stock units (service condition) 
 F-36 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 Restricted stock units (service condition) 
 -to-1.00 basis. 
 
 12. 

Deferred Compensation Plans 
 Our non-qualified deferred compensation programs provide benefits payable to directors, officers, and certain key employees or their designated beneficiaries at specified future dates, upon retirement, or death. The plans are unfunded; therefore, benefits are paid from the general assets of the Company. Participants' cash deferrals earn a return based on the participants' selection of investments in several hypothetical investment options. Participants are also able to defer stock based compensation in the plans, which must remain invested in Company stock and are distributed in shares of Jacobs common stock. Since no investment diversification is permitted, changes in the fair value of Jacobs' common stock are not recognized. For the deferred compensation held in company stock, the number of shares needed to settle the liability is included in the denominator in both the basic and diluted earnings per share calculations. 
 
 The following table presents the amount relating to assets held as deferred compensation arrangement investments for the years ended October 1, 2021 and October 2, 2020 (in thousands): October 1, 2021 October 2, 2020 Deferred compensation arrangement investments 

13. 
 F-37 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 interest in PA Consulting, a UK-based leading innovation and transformation consulting firm. PA Consulting has defined benefit plans that Jacobs now includes in our consolidated financial statements. See Note 14- PA Consulting Business Combination for more discussion on the investment and the related defined benefit plans. 
 The accounting for pension and other post-retirement benefit plans requires the use of assumptions and estimates in order to calculate periodic benefit cost and the value of the plans assets and benefit obligations. These assumptions include discount rates, investment returns, and projected salary increases, among others. The discount rates used in valuing the plans' benefit obligations were determined with reference to high quality corporate and government bonds that are appropriately matched to the duration of each plan's obligations. The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is generally based on using country-specific simulation models which select a single outcome for expected return based on the target asset allocation. The expected long-term rates of return used in the valuation are the annual average returns generated by these assumptions over a -year period for each asset class based on the expected long-term rate of return of the underlying assets. 
 Service cost Interest cost Participants contributions Actuarial (gains)/losses (1) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Curtailments/settlements/plan amendments ) ) ) ) Acquisition of PA Consulting Plans, net of post-deal transfers (2) Effect of exchange rate changes and other, net Net benefit obligation at the end of the year 
 (1) Current year actuarial gains primarily driven by change in discount rates. 
 (2) See note below change in assets table. 
 Actual return on plan assets Employer contributions Participants contributions Gross benefits paid ) ) ) ) Curtailments/settlements/plan amendments ) ) ) ) Acquisition of PA Consulting Plans, net of post-deal transfers Effect of exchange rate changes and other, net Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year 
 F-38 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 billion and pension assets of billion. In the third quarter of fiscal 2021, PA Consulting transferred the majority of the assets and liabilities of its largest pension plan to an insurance company, approximately million each, effectively settling those related assets and liabilities for no impact to net income. Also during fiscal 2021, the Company incurred combined curtailment and settlement losses on our defined benefit plans of approxima tely million primarily related to the Ireland and UK plans. During fiscal 2020, the Company incurred combined curtailment and settlement losses on its defined benefit plans of approximately million primarily related to the Ireland and U.S. plans. 
 Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year Underfunded amount recognized at the end of the year 
 
 Accrued benefit cost included in current liabilities Accrued benefit cost included in noncurrent liabilities Net amount recognized at the end of the year 
 to 
 to 
 to 
 Rates of compensation increases Expected long-term rates of return on assets to 
 to 

F-39 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 to 
 to 
 to 
 Rates of compensation increases to 
 to 
 to 
 Expected long-term rates of return on assets to 
 to 
 to ) Prior service cost (benefit) Total ) Reclassification adjustments: Net actuarial losses ) ) ) Prior service cost (benefit) ) ) Total ) ) ) Total ) )) Net (gain) loss on Sale of ECR ) Prior service cost (benefit) Total ) Reclassification adjustments: Net actuarial losses ) ) ) Prior service cost ) ) ) Total ) ) ) Total ) 
 Prior service cost Total 
 F-40 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 Unrecognized prior service cost Accumulated comprehensive loss to be recorded against earnings 
 We consider various factors in developing the estimates for the expected, long-term rates of return on plan assets. These factors include the projected, long-term rates of returns on the various types of assets in which the plans invest, as well as historical returns. In general, investment allocations are determined by each plan s trustees and/or investment committees. The objectives of the plans investment policies are to (i) maximize returns while preserving capital; (ii) provide returns sufficient to meet the current and long-term obligations of the plan as the obligations become due; and (iii) maintain a diversified portfolio of assets so as to reduce the risk associated with having a disproportionate amount of the plans total assets invested in any one type of asset, issuer or geography. None of our pension plans hold Jacobs common stock directly (although some plans may hold shares indirectly through investments in mutual funds). 
 Debt securities Real estate investments Other 
 Domestic bonds Overseas bonds Cash and equivalents Mutual funds Total 
 F-41 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 Overseas equities Domestic bonds Overseas bonds Cash and equivalents Real estate Insurance contracts Hedge funds Mutual funds Total 1,464,056 229,803 
 
 F-42 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 Domestic bonds Overseas bonds Cash and equivalents Mutual funds Total 
 Overseas equities Domestic bonds Overseas bonds Cash and equivalents Real estate Insurance contracts Hedge funds Mutual funds Total 
 F-43 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 Purchases, sales, and settlements ) ) Realized and unrealized gains ) Effect of exchange rate changes Balance at October 2, 2020 Purchases, sales, and settlements Realized and unrealized gains (losses) Acquisition of PA Consulting Plans, net of post-deal transfers Effect of exchange rate changes Balance at October 1, 2021 
 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 For the periods 2027 through 2030 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Actuarial loss Prior service cost Net pension cost, before special items ) ) Curtailment expense/Settlement (gain) loss ) ) Total net periodic pension cost recognized ) ) 
 
 F-44 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Actuarial loss Prior service cost Net pension cost, before special items ) ) ) Curtailment expense/Settlement (gain) loss Total net periodic pension (income) cost recognized ) ) ) Total net periodic pension (income) cost recognized from Discontinued Operations Total net periodic pension (income) cost recognized from Continuing Operations ) ) ) 
 In the first quarter of fiscal 2019, the Company elected to discontinue the CH2M Hill Retiree Medical Plan and the OMI Retiree Medical Plan, effective December 31, 2018. Lump sum payments were made to participants in fiscal 2019, resulting in a plan settlement and related settlement gain of million recognized in fiscal 2019. 
 Multiemployer Plans 
 In the U.S. and various other countries, we contribute to trusteed pension plans covering hourly and certain salaried employees under industry-wide agreements. Contributions are based on the hours worked by employees covered under these agreements and are charged to direct costs of contracts on a current basis. With respect to these multiemployer plans, the Company's liability to fund these plans is generally limited to the contributions we are required to make under collective bargaining agreements. 
 Based on our review of our multiemployer pension plans under the guidance provided in ASU 2011-09 Compensation-Retirement Benefits-Multiemployer Plans , we have concluded that none of the multiemployer pension plans into which we contribute are individually significant to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Additionally, in fiscal year 2019, all Canadian and some US and European multiemployer plans were sold in connection with the ECR sale, which resulted in a year over year decrease in contributions made. 
 Europe United States Contributions to multiemployer pension plans 
 
 F-45 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 14. 
 interest in PA Consulting, a UK-based leading innovation and transformation consulting firm. The total consideration paid by the Company was billion, funded through cash on hand, proceeds from a new term loan and draws on the Company's existing revolver. Further, in connection with the transaction, an additional 261 million in investment proceeds had not yet been distributed at the investment date due to continuing employment requirements of associated management owners. Consequently, this amount represented compensation expense incurred related to the investment that was expensed subsequent to the acquisition date, and is reflected in selling, general and administrative expense and cash from operations for the current fiscal year. The remaining 35 interest is held by PA Consulting employees, whose redeemable noncontrolling interests had a fair value of million on the closing date, including subsequent purchase accounting adjustments. PA Consulting is accounted for as a consolidated subsidiary and as a separate operating segment under U.S. GAAP accounting rules. See Note 9 - Borrowings for more discussion on the financing for the transaction. 
 Receivables Property, equipment and improvements, net Goodwill Identifiable intangible assets Prepaid expenses and other current assets Miscellaneous long term assets Total Assets Liabilities Accounts payable Accrued liabilities and other current liabilities Other long term liabilities Total Liabilities 
 Redeemable Noncontrolling interests Net assets acquired 
 
 The purchase price allocation is based upon preliminary information and is subject to change when additional information is obtained. Goodwill recognized results from a substantial assembled workforce, which does not qualify for separate recognition, as well as expected future economic benefits. None of the goodwill recognized is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The Company has not completed its final assessment of the fair values of PA Consulting's assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The final purchase price allocation could result in adjustments to certain assets and liabilities, including the residual amount allocated to goodwill. 
 
 Since the initial preliminary estimates recorded in the second quarter of fiscal 2021, the Company has updated certain provisional amounts reflected in the preliminary purchase price allocation, as summarized in the estimated fair values of PA Consulting assets acquired and liabilities assumed above. See below for further discussion on updates to redeemable noncontrolling interests. 
 Identifiable intangibles are customer relationships, contracts and backlog and trade name and have estimated lives ranging from to years (weighted average life of approximately years). 
 F-46 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 million. 
 The following presents summarized unaudited pro forma operating results of Jacobs from continuing operations assuming that the Company had the PA Consulting investment at September 28, 2019. 
 Net earnings of the Group Net earnings attributable to Jacobs Net earnings attributable to Jacobs per share: Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share 
 Included in the table above are charges relating to transaction expenses, a nonrecurring compensation charge and other items that are removed from the years ended October 1, 2021 and are reflected in the prior fiscal year due to the assumed timing of the transaction. Also, income tax expense for the fiscal year p ro forma periods ended October 1, 2021 and October 2, 2020 wa s million and million, respectively. 
 
 F-47 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 million, including subsequent purchase accounting adjustments, representing the interest holders' equity interest in the form of preferred and common shares of PA Consulting, with substantially all of the value associated with these interests allocable to the preferred shares. 
 During the third quarter of fiscal 2021, updates to the Company s preliminary opening balance sheet fair value estimates of the noncontrolling interests resulted in an offsetting decrease and increase in fair value of the preference share and common share components of the interests by million, respectively, with the corresponding redemption value adjustment associated with the preference share portion decreasing consolidated retained earnings and earnings per share by . See Note 4- Earnings Per Share and Certain Related Information . The results of these adjustments had no impact on the Company s overall results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. 
 Cumulative Accrued Preferred Dividend to Preference Shareholders Attribution of Preferred Dividend to PA Consulting Common Shareholders ) Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest to Common Shareholders ) Redeemable Noncontrolling interests redemption value adjustment to PA Consulting Shareholders (1) Cumulative translation adjustment and other ) Balance at October 1, 2021 

(1) Includes million impact from updates to the preliminary opening balance fair value estimates of the preference share noncontrolling interests and million impact from redemption value adjustments for the B Ordinary shares.. 
 In addition, certain employees of PA Consulting are expected to receive equity based incentive grants in the future under the terms of the applicable agreements. 
 Employee Benefit Trust, Defined Contribution Plans and Defined Benefit Plans 
 
 PA Consulting is party to an employee benefit trust arrangement, defined contribution plans and defined benefit plans. 
 PA Consulting's employee benefit trust is a separately administered discretionary trust for the benefit of employees and are consolidated under US G AAP. At October 1, 2021 , t he Company held million in cash within the employee benefit trust that is restricted from general use and is included in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 The PA Consulting defined benefit plans include UK and Germany based plans. The defined benefit plan amounts are included within our disclosures in Note 13 - Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans. 
 F-48 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

F-49 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 15. 
 
 million, on a cash-free, debt-free basis, including base consideration of million, and a potential earn-out payment of up to million. The amount of any earnout payment will depend on BlackLynx achieving certain revenue and gross margin thresholds in calendar year 2022. The purchase price was paid in cash and is subject to customary post-closing adjustments. 
 Buffalo Group 
 On November 24, 2020, a subsidiary of Jacobs completed the acquisition of Buffalo Group, a leader in advanced cyber and intelligence solutions which allows Jacobs to further expand its cyber and intelligence solutions offerings to government clients. The Company paid total consideration o f million, which was comprised of approximately million in cash to the former owners of Buffalo Group and contingent consideration of million which was expected to be settled in fiscal 2022. Subsequent to the closing date and during the current fiscal year, the Company recognized the 7.7 million as an offset to selling, general and administrative expense as it was no longer expected to be paid. In conjunction with the acquisition, the Company assumed the Buffalo Group's debt of approximately million. The Company repaid all of the assumed Buffalo Group debt by the end of the first fiscal quarter of 2021. 
 Receivables Property, equipment and improvements, net Goodwill Identifiable intangible assets Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total Assets Liabilities Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities Other long term liabilities Total Liabilities 
 Net assets acquired 
 The purchase price allocation is based upon preliminary information and is subject to change when additional information is obtained. Goodwill recognized results from a substantial assembled workforce, which does not qualify for separate recognition, as well as expected future synergies from combining operations. All of the goodwill recognized is expected to be deductible for tax purposes, given the acquisition was structured as an asset acquisition. The Company has not completed its final assessment of the fair values of Buffalo Group's assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The final purchase price allocation could result in adjustments to certain assets and liabilities, including the residual amount allocated to goodwill. 
 Identifiable intangibles are customer relationships, contracts and backlog and have estimated lives of years. 
 Fair value measurements relating to the Buffalo Group are made primarily using Level 3 inputs including discounted cash flow and Monte Carlo simulation techniques. Fair value for the identified intangible assets is estimated using inputs primarily for the income approach using the multiple period excess earnings method. The significant assumptions used in estimating fair value include (i) revenue projections of the business, including profitability, (ii) attrition rate and (iii) the estimated discount rate that reflects the level of risk associated with receiving future cash flows. Other personal property assets, such as furniture, fixtures and equipment, are valued using the cost approach, which is 
 F-50 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 million, or approximately million, less cash acquired of million, as updated for additional working capital adjustments. The John Wood Group nuclear business allows Jacobs to further expand its lifecycle nuclear services business. 
 Receivables Other current assets Property, equipment and improvements, net Goodwill Identifiable intangible assets Miscellaneous Total Assets Liabilities Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities Long term liabilities Total Liabilities 
 Net assets acquired 
 
 Goodwill recognized results from a substantial assembled workforce, which does not qualify for separate recognition, as well as expected future synergies from combining operations. None of the goodwill recognized is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The Company has completed its final assessment of the fair values of John Wood Group's assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Since the initial preliminary estimates reported in the second quarter of fiscal 2020, the Company has updated certain amounts reflected in the final purchase price allocation, as summarized in the fair values of John Wood Group's nuclear business assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date set forth above. 
 Identified intangibles include customer relationships, contracts and backlog and developed technology. The customer relationships, contracts and backlog intangible represents the fair value of existing contracts, underlying customer relationships and backlog. The customer relationships, contracts and backlog intangible and the developed technology intangible have lives of and years , respectively. 
 Fair value measurements relating to the John Wood Group nuclear business are made primarily using Level 3 inputs including discounted cash flow techniques. Fair value is estimated using inputs primarily for the income approach, which include the use of both the multiple period excess earnings method and the relief from royalties method. The significant assumptions used in estimating fair value include (i) revenue projections of the business, including profitability, (ii) attrition rate and (iii) the estimated discount rate that reflects the level of risk associated with receiving future cash flows. Other personal property assets, such as furniture, fixtures and equipment, are valued using the cost approach, which is based on replacement or reproduction costs of the asset less depreciation. 
 F-51 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 of the outstanding shares of KeyW common stock (the "KeyW acquisition"). The KeyW acquisition allows Jacobs to further expand its government services business. The Company paid total consideration of million which was comprised of approximately million in cash to the former stockholders and certain equity award holders of KeyW and the assumption of KeyW s debt of million. The Company repaid all of KeyW's debt by the end of the fourth fiscal quarter of 2019. 
 Receivables Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other Property, equipment and improvements, net Deferred tax asset and other Goodwill Identifiable intangible assets Total Assets Liabilities Accounts payable Accrued expenses Short term debt Other current liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total Liabilities Net assets acquired 
 Goodwill recognized results from a substantial assembled workforce, which does not qualify for separate recognition, as well as expected future synergies from combining operations. Goodwill of million is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The Company has completed its final assessment of the fair values of the acquired assets and liabilities of KeyW. Since the initial preliminary estimates reported in the third quarter of fiscal 2019, the Company has updated certain amounts reflected in the final purchase price allocation, as summarized in the fair values of KeyW assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date as set forth above. 
 
 Identified intangibles include customer relationships, contracts and backlog and developed technology. The customer relationships, contracts and backlog intangible represents the fair value of existing contracts, underlying customer relationships and backlog. The customer relationships, contracts and backlog intangible, and the developed technology intangible have lives of and years, respectively. Other intangible liabilities consist of the fair value of office leases and have a weighted average life of approximately years. 
 
 Fair value measurements relating to the KeyW acquisition are made primarily using Level 3 inputs including discounted cash flow techniques. Fair value is estimated using inputs primarily for the income approach, which include the use of both the multiple period excess earnings method and the relief from royalties method. The significant assumptions used in estimating fair value include (i) revenue projections of the business, including profitability, (ii) attrition rate and (iii) the estimated discount rate that reflects the level of risk associated with receiving future cash flows. Other personal 
 F-52 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

Net earnings of the Group from Continuing Operations Net earnings (loss) attributable to Jacobs from continuing operations Net earnings (loss) attributable to Jacobs from continuing operations per share: Basic earnings (loss) from continuing operations per share Diluted earnings (loss) from continuing operations per share 
 Included in the table above are the unaudited pro forma operating results of continuing operations. Also, income tax expense (benefit) for the fiscal year pro forma period ended September 27, 2019 was million. 
 CH2M 
 
 On December 15, 2017, the Company completed the acquisition of CH2M HILL Companies, Ltd. ("CH2M"), an international provider of engineering, construction and technical services, by acquiring of the outstanding shares of CH2M common stock and preferred stock (the "CH2M acquisition"). The Company paid total consideration of approximately billion in cash (excluding million of cash acquired) and issued approximately billion of Jacobs common stock, or million shares, to the former stockholders and certain equity award holders of CH2M. 

F-53 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 Receivables Prepaid expenses and other Property, equipment and improvements, net Goodwill Identifiable intangible assets: Customer relationships, contracts and backlog Lease intangible assets Total identifiable intangible assets Miscellaneous Total Assets Liabilities Notes payable Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Contract liabilities Identifiable intangible liabilities: Lease intangible liabilities Long-term debt Other deferred liabilities Total Liabilities Noncontrolling interests ) Net assets acquired 
 
 ne of the goodwill recognized is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. During the first quarter of fiscal 2019, the Company completed its final assessment of the fair values of the acquired assets and liabilities of CH2M. Accrued liabilities and other deferred liabilities include approximately million related to estimates for various legal and other pre-acquisition contingent liabilities accounted for under ASC 450. See Note 19- Contractual Guarantees, Litigation, Investigations and Insurance 
 
 16. 
 billion consisting of (i) billion in cash plus (ii) million ordinary shares of Worley, subject to adjustments for changes in working capital and certain other items (the ECR sale ). 
 Discontinued Operations 
 As a result of the ECR sale, substantially all ECR-related assets and liabilities have been sold (the "Disposal Group"). We determined that the Disposal Group should be reported as discontinued operations in accordance with ASC 210-05, Discontinued Operations because their disposal represents a strategic shift that had a major effect on our operations and financial results. As such, the financial results of the ECR business are reflected in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings as discontinued operations for all periods presented. As of the year ended October 2, 2020, all of the ECR business to be sold under the terms of the sale had been conveyed to Worley and as such, no amounts remain held for sale. 
 F-54 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 Direct cost of contracts ) ) Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) Operating Profit (Loss) ) Gain on sale of ECR business Other (expense) income, net ) Earnings Before Taxes from Discontinued Operations Income Tax Expense ) ) ) Net Earnings of the Group from Discontinued Operations 
 In fiscal 2021, the Company received final working capital settlement proceeds of million from Worley and as such, recorded a pre-tax gain of million. Offsetting the proceeds from the settlement to arrive at the net gain amount were previously recorded accounts receivable from Worley. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses includes a reduction for net insurance recoveries of approximately million for the year ended October 2, 2020 recorded in connection with the Nui Phao ("NPMC") legal matter described in Note 19- Contractual Guarantees, Litigations, Investigations and Insurance . Additionally, the year ended September 27, 2019 includes a charge for the award and recovery of costs, estimated related interest and attorneys' fees related to the NPMC legal matter. 
 For the year ended October 2, 2020, the gain on sale of million relates mainly to the recognition of the deferred gain for the delayed transfer of the ECR-related assets and liabilities of the two international entities discussed below, adjustments for working capital and certain other items in connection with the ECR sale and additional income for the release of a deferred gain upon achievement of the IT Migration Date described below in connection with the delivery to Worley of certain IT application and hardware assets related to the ECR business. 
 For the year ended September 27, 2019, other expense (income), net was comprised of million in interest expense relating to the Nui Phao settlement, million in foreign currency revaluations, million in loss on the sale of a joint venture which is offset by million in miscellaneous income. 
 
 Gain on Sale and Deferred Gain 
 As a result of the ECR sale, the Company recognized a pre-tax gain of billion, million of which was recognized in fiscal 2019, million for the year ended October 2, 2020 and million for the year ended October 1, 2021, respectively. 
 Upon closing the ECR sale, the Company retained a noncontrolling interest (with significant influence) in P PS-related activities in one international legal entity acquired by Worley. The fair value of the Company s retained interest in the net assets and liabilities of this entity was estimated at million and recorded at closing. For another international legal entity, the closing and transfer of ECR-related assets to Worley were set to occur at a future date. At the time of the ECR sale, the Company allocated proceeds received to these deferred closing items on a relative fair value basis and recognized a deferred gain of million. During the second fiscal quarter of 2020, the delayed transfer of the ECR-related assets and liabilities of these two international entities occurred, and as a result, previously deferred gain amounts were recognized. 
 In addition to consideration received for the sale of the ECR business, the proceeds received included advanced consideration for the Company to deliver IT application and related hardware assets at a future date IT Migration Date to Worley upon completion of the interim transition services provided under the TSA, described further below. This 
 F-55 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 million on a relative fair value basis to this separate deliverable and recognized deferred income. Upon completion and acceptance of this deliverable by Worley in December 2019, the deferred proceeds were recognized in earnings from discontinued operations, along with expenses associated with any costs incurred and deferred by the Company for this deliverable. 
 Investment in Worley Stock 
 As discussed above, the Company held million in ordinary shares of Worley in connection with the ECR sale, million shares of which were sold in fiscal 2019, netting a loss of million. The remaining Worley shares were sold in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, netting a realized loss of million . Dividend income, realized gains and losses on sale and unrealized gains and losses on changes in fair value of Worley shares are recognized in miscellaneous income (expense), net in continuing operations. 
 The Company's investment in Worley was measured at fair value through net income as it is an equity investment with a readily determinable fair value based on quoted market prices. The ordinary shares previously held were recorded within investment in equity securities in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets at their estimated fair value, which was million as of October 2, 2020. For the years ended October 1, 2021 and October 2, 2020, the Company recognized a gain of million and a loss of million, respectively, associated with share price and currency changes on this investment, as well as dividend income related to the equity investment in the amount of million and million, respectively. Quoted market prices were available for these securities in an active market and therefore categorized as a Level 1 input. 
 Transition Services Agreement 
 Upon closing of the ECR sale, the Company entered into a Transition Services Agreement (the "TSA") with Worley pursuant to which the Company, on an interim basis, provided various services to Worley including executive consultation, corporate, information technology, and project services. The initial term of the TSA began immediately following the closing of the ECR sale on April 26, 2019 and expired in April 2020, although the parties mutually agreed to extend certain of the services for additional time periods beyond the initial term. All services under the TSA were terminated in October 2020. Pursuant to the terms of the TSA, the Company received payments for the interim services which approximate costs incurred to perform the services. The Company has recognized costs recorded in SG A expense incurred to perform the TSA, offset by million and million in TSA related income for such services that is reported in miscellaneous income (expense) in continuing operations for the year ended October 1, 2021 and October 2, 2020, respectively, before inclusion of certain incremental outside service support costs agreed to be shared equally by the parties. 
 
 17. 
 F-56 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 People Places Solutions PA Consulting Corporate Continuing Operations (1) Energy, Chemicals and Resources (included in Discontinued Operations) ) Total 
 (1) For the years ended October 1, 2021, October 2, 2020 and September 27, 2019, amounts include million, million and million, respectively, in items impacting operating profit, along with items recorded in other income (expense), net, which includes a ) million charge related to the impairment of our AWE Management Ltd. investment for the year ended October 1, 2021, the loss on settlement of the CH2M portion of the U.S. pension plan of ) million for the year ended October 2, 2020 and the gain on the settlement of the CH2M retiree medical plans of million for the year ended September 27, 2019, along with the write-off of fixed assets related to restructured leases of ) million for the year ended September 27, 2019. See Note 20- Segment Information. 
 Net Charges Payments Usage ) Balance at October 1, 2021 
 Voluntary and Involuntary Terminations Outside Services Other (1) Total) million related to the impairment of our AWE Management Ltd. investment for the year ended October 1, 2021 and million in pre-tax gains associated with the Company's CH2M retiree medical plan settlement during the year ended September 27, 2019. 
 F-57 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 Voluntary and Involuntary Terminations Outside Services Other Total 

18. 
 million as of October 1, 2021 to manage the interest rate exposure on our variable rate loans. Additionally, we entered into a cross-currency swap agreement with a notional value of million to manage the interest rate and foreign currency exposure on our USD borrowings by a European subsidiary. By entering into the swap agreements, the Company converted the LIBOR rate based liability into a fixed rate liability and, for the cross currency swap, our LIBOR rate based borrowing in USD to a fixed rate Euro liability, for periods ranging from three and a half to . Under the interest rate swap agreements, the Company receives the one month LIBOR rate and pays monthly a fixed rate ranging from to , and under the cross currency swap agreement, the Company receives the one month LIBOR rate plus in USD and pays monthly a Euro fixed rate of to for the term of the swaps. The swaps were designated as cash-flow hedges in accordance with ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging . The fair value of the interest rate and cross currency swaps at October 1, 2021 and October 2, 2020 was ) million and ) million , respectively, of which ) million is included in other deferred liabilities and million is included in miscellaneous other assets on the consolidated balance sheets at October 1, 2021 . The entire amount was included in other deferred liabilities at October 2, 2020. The unrealized net gain (loss) on these interest rate and cross currency swaps was million and ) million , net of tax, and was included in accumulated other comprehensive income as of October 1, 2021 and October 2, 2020, respectively . 
 Additionally, at October 1, 2021 and October 2, 2020, the Company held foreign exchange forward contracts in currencies that support our operations, including British Pound, Euro, Australian Dollar and other currencies, with notional values of million and million at October 1, 2021 and October 2, 2020, respectively. The length of these contracts currently ranges from one to . The fair value of the foreign exchange contracts at October 1, 2021 and October 2, 2020 was million and million, respectively, which is included in current assets within receivables and contract assets on the consolidated balance sheet and with associated income statement impacts included in miscellaneous income (expense) in the consolidated statements of earnings. 
 The fair value measurements of these derivatives are being made using Level 2 inputs under ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement , as the measurements are based on observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets. We are exposed to risk from credit-related losses resulting from nonperformance by counterparties to our financial instruments. We perform credit evaluations of our counterparties under forward exchange and interest rate contracts and expect all counterparties to meet their obligations. We have not experienced credit losses from our counterparties. 
 Letters of Credit 
 At October 1, 2021, the Company had issued and outstanding approximately million in LOCs and billion in surety bonds. Of the outstanding LOC amount, million has been issued under the Revolving Credit Facility and million are issued under separate, committed and uncommitted letter-of-credit facilities. 
 F-58 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 19. 
 MW Combined Cycle Power Plant for INPEX Operations Australia Pty Limited at Blaydin Point, Darwin, NT, Australia. In January 2017, the Consortium terminated the Subcontract because of JKC s repudiatory breach and demobilized from the work site. JKC claimed the Consortium abandoned the work and itself purported to terminate the Subcontract. The Consortium and JKC are now in dispute over the termination. In August 2017, the Consortium filed an International Chamber of Commerce arbitration against JKC and is seeking compensatory damages in the amount of approximately million for repudiatory breach or, in the alternative, seeking damages for unresolved contract claims and change orders. JKC is seeking damages in excess of billion and has drawn on the bonds. In light of the COVID-19 pandemic, a November 2020 date for commencement of the hearing was vacated and the hearing was rescheduled for opening arguments in April 2021 and the remaining proceedings in July and August 2021. The opening arguments did occur as scheduled, but in light of the COVID-19 pandemic, the remaining proceedings were rescheduled to now occur in April and May 2022. It is anticipated that closing arguments will be made in July 2022. Although an earlier decision is possible, no decision is expected before the end of 2022 or 2023. In September 2018, JKC filed a declaratory judgment action in Western Australia alleging that the entities which executed parent company guaranties for the Consortium, including CH2M Hill 
 F-59 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 consolidated cases. This case and the related cases involve several hundred plaintiffs that were employees of the contractors that completed the remediation and dredging work. The cases are at various stages of litigation, and several of the cases are currently stayed pending resolution of other cases. Additionally, in May 2019, Roane County and the cities of Kingston and Harriman filed a lawsuit against TVA and the Company alleging that they misled the public about risks associated with the released fly ash. In October 2020, the Court granted Jacobs and TVA s motion to dismiss the Roane County litigation and closed the case. In addition, in November 2019, a resident of Roane County, Margie Delozier, filed a putative class action against TVA and the Company alleging they failed to adequately warn local residents about risks associated with the released fly ash. The Company and TVA filed separate motions to dismiss the Delozier case in April 2020. In February 2021, the Court granted dismissal of the Delozier Complaint with prejudice, with the exception of plaintiff's nuisance cause of action, which plaintiff voluntarily dismissed in July 2021. Finally, in August 2021, Thomas Ryan, a resident of Roane County, filed an action against Jacobs and TVA claiming personal injury and property damage. Separately , in February 2020, the Company learned that the district attorney in Roane County recommended that the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation investigate issues pertaining to clean up worker safety at Kingston. On November 15, 2021, the Roane County district attorney announced that it had concluded its investigation into issues pertaining to the Kingston coal ash spill cleanup. There has been no finding of liability against the Company or that any of the alleged illnesses are the result of exposure to fly ash in any of the above matters. The Company disputes the allegations asserted in all of the above matters and is vigorously defending these matters. The Company does not expect the resolution of these matters to have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 On October 31, 2019, the Company received a request from the Enforcement Division of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") for the production of certain information and documents. The information and documents sought by the SEC primarily relate to the operations of a joint venture in Morocco, which was at one time partially-owned by the Company (and subsequently divested), including in respect of possible corrupt practices. The Company is fully cooperating with the SEC and is continuing to produce information and documents in its possession in response to subsequent requests by the SEC. The Company does not expect the resolution of this matter to have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

20. 
 operating segments are comprised of its global lines of business ("LOBs"): Critical Mission Solutions ("CMS") and People Places Solutions ("P PS") and its majority investment in PA Consulting. For further information on the PA Consulting investment, refer to Note 14- PA Consulting Business Combination . 
 The Company s Chair and Chief Executive Officer is the Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM and can evaluate the performance of each of these segments and make appropriate resource allocations among each of the segments. For purposes of the Company s goodwill impairment testing, it has been determined that the Company s operating segments are also its reporting units based on management s conclusion that the components comprising each of its operating segments share similar economic characteristics and meet the aggregation criteria for reporting units in accordance with ASC 350, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other . 
 F-60 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 People Places Solutions PA Consulting Total 
 For the Years Ended October 1, 2021 October 2, 2020 September 27, 2019 Segment Operating Profit: Critical Mission Solutions People Places Solutions (1) PA Consulting Total Segment Operating Profit Other Corporate Expenses (2) ) ) ) Restructuring, Transaction and Other Charges (3) ) ) ) Total U.S. GAAP Operating Profit Total Other Income (Expense), net (4) ) ) Earnings from Continuing Operations Before Taxes 
 
 (1) Includes million, net, in charges related to a legal settlement for the year ended October 1, 2021 and million in charges associated with a certain project for the year ended September 27, 2019. 
 (2) Other corporate expenses include intangibles amortization of million , million and million for the years ended October 1, 2021 , October 2, 2020 and September 27, 2019, respectively. Also includes costs that were previously allocated to the ECR segment prior to discontinued operations presentation in connection with the ECR sale in the approximate amount of million for the year ended September 27, 2019. 
 (3) Included in the year ended October 1, 2021 is million of costs incurred in connection with the investment in PA Consulting, in part classified as compensation costs. 
 (4) The years ended October 1, 2021, October 2, 2020 and September 27, 2019 include million , ) million and ) million in fair value adjustments related to our investment in Worley stock (net of Worley stock div idends) (sold during the current year) and certain foreign currency r evaluations relating to ECR sale proceeds, respectively and revenues 
 F-61 

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

 million, million and million, respectively. The year ended October 1, 2021 includes ) million related to impairment of our AWE Management Ltd. investment and million in fair value adjustments related to our investment in C3 stock. Lastly, includes gain on settlement of the CH2M retiree medical plans of million for the year ended September 27, 2019. 
 Included in other corporate expenses in the above table are costs and expenses which relate to general corporate activities as well as corporate-managed benefit and insurance programs. Such costs and expenses include: (i) those elements of SG A expenses relating to the business as a whole; (ii) those elements of our incentive compensation plans relating to corporate personnel whose other compensation costs are not allocated to the LOBs; (iii) the amortization of intangible assets acquired as part of business combinations; (iv) the quarterly variances between the Company s actual costs of certain of its self-insured integrated risk and employee benefit programs and amounts charged to the LOBs; and (v) certain adjustments relating to costs associated with the Company s international defined benefit pension plans. In addition, other corporate expenses may also include from time to time certain adjustments to contract margins (both positive and negative) associated with projects where it has been determined, in the opinion of management, that such adjustments are not indicative of the performance of the related LOB. 

F-62 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of October 1, 2021 and October 2, 2020, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended October 1, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at October 1, 2021 and October 2, 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended October 1, 2021, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of October 1, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated November 23, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Adoption of New Accounting Standards 
 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for leases in the 2020 financial statements to reflect the accounting method change due to the adoption of ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) and the related amendments. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F-63 

Revenue Recognition for Fixed-Price Engineering, Procurement and Construction Contracts 
 Description of the Matter As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes engineering, procurement and construction contract revenue over time, as performance obligations are satisfied, using the percentage-of-completion method (an input method) based primarily on contract costs incurred to date compared to total estimated contract costs. Revenue recognition under this method is judgmental, as it requires the Company to prepare estimates of total contract revenue and total contract costs, including costs to complete in-process contracts. 
 
 Auditing the Company s estimates of total contract revenue and costs used to recognize revenue on fixed-price engineering, procurement and construction contracts involved significant auditor judgment, as it required the evaluation of subjective factors, such as assumptions related to estimated labor, material and subcontractor costs. These assumptions involved significant management judgment, which affects the measurement of revenue recognized by the Company. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We tested certain of the Company s controls over the estimation process that affect revenue recognized on fixed-price engineering, procurement and construction contracts. For example, we tested controls over management s monitoring and review of project cost estimates, including the Company s procedures to validate the completeness and accuracy of the data used to determine the estimates. 
 
 To test the Company s contract estimates related to revenues recognized on fixed-price engineering, procurement, and construction projects, our audit procedures included selecting a sample of projects and, among other procedures, we obtained and inspected related contract agreements, amendments, and change orders to test the existence of customer arrangements and understand the scope and pricing of the related projects; observed selected project team status meetings at the Company and interviewed project team personnel to obtain an understanding of the status of operational performance and progress on the related projects; evaluated the reasonableness of the Company s estimated costs to complete by obtaining and analyzing supporting documentation for a sample of cost estimate components; and compared contract profitability estimates in the current year to historical estimates and actual performance for the same projects. 
 
 PA Consulting Business Combination - Valuation of Customer Relationship Intangibles 
 Description of the Matter As disclosed in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements, on March 2, 2021, the Company acquired a 65 controlling interest in PA Consulting Group, Inc. (PA) for aggregate purchase consideration of 1.7 billion. The transaction was accounted for as a business combination. 
 
 Auditing the Company s accounting for its acquisition of PA was complex due to the estimation uncertainty related to determination of fair value measurements of customer relationship intangible assets established as part of the purchase price allocation. The Company utilized a multi-period excess earnings model to value the acquired customer relationship intangible assets, which involves the use of prospective financial information with estimation uncertainty of the respective fair values to underlying assumptions about the future performance of the acquired business. The significant assumptions used to value such intangible assets include revenue projections, estimated attrition rates, and discount rates. These assumptions are forward looking and could be affected by future economic conditions. 
 
 F-64 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We tested the Company s controls over its accounting for business combinations. Our procedures included testing the operating effectiveness of key controls over the estimation process supporting the valuation of the customer relationship intangible assets. We also tested controls over management s review of assumptions used in the valuation models. 
 
 To test the estimated fair value of the customer relationship intangible assets, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, evaluating the Company's selection of the valuation methodology, evaluating the method and significant assumptions used by the Company, and evaluating the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data supporting the significant assumptions and estimates. We involved our valuation specialists to assist with our evaluation of the methodology and significant assumptions used by the Company to determine the fair value estimates. We also performed sensitivity analysis of the identified significant assumptions, comparing them, as applicable, to historical results, assumptions used by the Company to value similar assets in other acquisitions, and other sources, among other procedures. 
 
 /s/ Ernst and Young LLP 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 1987. 
 Dallas, Texas 
 November 23, 2021 
 
 F-65 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of October 1, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of October 1, 2021, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 As indicated in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, management s assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of PA Consulting Group Limited ("PA Consulting"), which is included in the 2021 consolidated financial statements of the Company and constituted 19 of total assets as of October 1, 2021, 4 of revenues and a net loss of 244 million for the fiscal year then ended. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of PA Consulting. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of October 1, 2021 and October 2, 2020, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended October 1, 2021, and the related notes and our report dated November 23, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 F-66 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 
 November 23, 2021 

F-67 

<EX-10.12>
 2
 exhibit1012-formofindemnif.htm
 EX-10.12

Document 

Exhibit 10.12 
 FORM OF INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT 
 
 This Indemnification Agreement (this Agreement is made as of ________________ by and between JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and ____________ Indemnitee ). 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 A. The Company is aware that competent and experienced persons have become reluctant to serve as directors or officers of corporations unless they are protected by comprehensive liability insurance or indemnification, due to increased exposure to litigation costs and risks resulting from their service to such corporations, and due to the fact that the exposure frequently bears no reasonable relationship to the compensation of such directors and officers 
 
 B. The statutes and judicial decisions regarding the duties of directors and officers are often difficult to apply, ambiguous, or conflicting, and therefore fail to provide such directors and officers with adequate, reliable knowledge of legal risks to which they are exposed or information regarding the proper course of action to take 
 
 C. Plaintiffs often seek damages in such large amounts, and the costs of litigation may be so enormous (whether or not the case is meritorious), that the defense and or settlement of such litigation is often beyond the personal resources of officers and directors 
 
 D. The Company believes that it is unfair for its directors and officers to assume the risk of huge judgments and other expenses which may occur in cases in which the director or officer received no personal profit and in cases where the director or officer was not culpable 
 
 E. The Company recognizes that the issues in controversy in litigation against a director or officer of a corporation such as the Company or a subsidiary of the Company are often related to the knowledge, motives and intent of such director or officer, that she or he is usually the only witness with knowledge of the essential facts and exculpating circumstances regarding such matters, and that the long period of time which usually elapses before the trial or other disposition of such litigation often extends beyond the time that the director or officer can reasonably recall such matters and may extend beyond the normal time for retirement for such director or officer with the result that she or he, after retirement or in the event of his or her death, his or her spouse, heirs, executors or administrators, may be faced with limited ability and undue hardship in maintaining an adequate defense, which may discourage such a director or officer from serving in that position 
 
 F. Based upon their experience as business managers, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board has concluded that, to retain and attract talented and experienced individuals to serve as officers and directors of the Company and to encourage such individuals to take the business risks necessary for the success of the Company, it is necessary for the Company to contractually indemnify its officers and directors and to assume for itself maximum liability for expenses and damages in connection with claims against such officers and directors in connection with their service to the Company, and has further concluded that the failure to provide such contractual indemnification could result in great harm to the Company and its stockholders 
 
 G. Section 145 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, under which the Company is organized, Section 145 empowers the Company to indemnify its officers, directors and employees by agreement and to indemnify persons who serve, at the request of the Company, as the directors, officers and employees of other corporations or enterprises, and expressly provides that the indemnification provided by Section 145 is not exclusive 
 
 H. The Company, after reasonable investigation, believes that the interests of its stockholders would best be served by a combination of such liability insurance coverage as the Company may from time to time obtain and the indemnification by the Company of the directors and officers of the Company and its subsidiaries 
 
 1 

I. The Company desires and has requested the Indemnitee to serve or continue to serve as a director or officer of the Company of one or more of its subsidiaries free from undue concern for claims for damages arising out of or related to such services to the Company 
 
 J. The Company, after reasonable investigation, believes that it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, and to advance expenses on behalf of the Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, as a supplement to and in furtherance of Section 15 of the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation Certificate of Incorporation and Article VII of the Company s Amended and Restated Bylaws Bylaws ), so that Indemnitee will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that Indemnitee will not be so indemnified and entitled to the advancement of expenses and 
 
 K. The Indemnitee is willing to serve, or to continue to serve, the Company and or such subsidiaries, provided that he or she is furnished the indemnity provided for in this Agreement. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants contained in this Agreement and the Indemnitee s continued service after the date of this Agreement, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows 
 
 Section 1. Services to the Company . In consideration of the protection afforded by this Agreement, if Indemnitee is a director of the Company, he or she agrees to serve as a director of the Company until the earliest of his or her resignation, death, disability or election of a successor. If Indemnitee is an officer of the Company, he or she agrees to serve in such capacity until the earliest of his or her resignation, termination, death or disability. Nothing contained in this Agreement is intended to create any right to continued employment of Indemnitee and this Agreement shall not be deemed an employment contract between the Company (or any of its subsidiaries or any Enterprise) and Indemnitee. The foregoing notwithstanding, this Agreement shall continue in force after Indemnitee has ceased to serve as a director or officer, as applicable, of the Company. 
 
 Section 2. Definitions . 
 
 As used in this Agreement 
 
 a. Corporate Status describes the status of a person as a current or former director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of the Company or of any other Enterprise which such person is or was serving at the request of the Company. 
 
 b. Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act )), other than a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company, is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 25 or more of the total voting power represented by the Company s then outstanding Voting Securities (as defined below), (ii) during any period of two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board and any new director whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds (2 3) of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a majority thereof, (iii) the stockholders of the Company approve a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the Voting Securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into Voting Securities of the surviving entity) at least 50 of the total voting power represented by the Voting Securities of the Company or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation, or (iv) the stockholders of the Company approve a plan of 
 2 

complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of 50 or more of the Company s assets. 
 
 c. Enforcement Expenses shall include all reasonable attorneys fees, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees and all other disbursements or expenses of the types customarily incurred in connection with an action to enforce indemnification or advancement rights, or an appeal from such action, including, without limitation, the premium, security for and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedes bond or other appeal bond or its equivalent, and any federal, state, local or foreign taxes imposed on the Indemnitee as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under Section 13(e) of this Agreement. 
 
 d. Enterprise shall mean any corporation (other than the Company), partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other legal entity of which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee. 
 
 e. Expenses shall include all reasonable attorneys fees, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees and all other disbursements or expenses of the types customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, or otherwise participating in, a Proceeding or an appeal resulting from a Proceeding, including, without limitation, the premium, security for and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedes bond or other appeal bond or its equivalent, and any federal, state, local or foreign taxes imposed on the Indemnitee as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee. 
 
 f. Independent Counsel means a law firm, or a partner (or, if applicable, member) of such a law firm, that is experienced in matters of Delaware corporation law and neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent (i) the Company, any Enterprise or Indemnitee in any matter material to any such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements), or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitee s rights under this Agreement. The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of the Independent Counsel and to fully indemnify such counsel against any and all expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto. 
 
 g. Potential Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) the Company enters into an agreement or arrangement, the consummation of which will result in the occurrence of a Change in Control (ii) any person (including the Company) publicly announces an intention to take or to consider taking actions which if consummated would constitute a Change in Control or (iii) the Board adopts a resolution to the effect that, for purposes of this Agreement a Potential Change in Control has occurred. 
 
 h. The term Proceeding shall include any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether of a civil, criminal, administrative or investigative nature, in which Indemnitee was, is or will be involved as a party or otherwise 
 3 

by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director or officer, as applicable, of the Company or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of any Enterprise or by reason of any action taken by him or her or of any action taken on his or her part while acting as director of the Company or while serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of any Enterprise, in each case whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement or advancement of expenses can be provided under this Agreement provided , however , that the term Proceeding shall not include any action, suit or arbitration, or part thereof, initiated by Indemnitee to enforce Indemnitee s rights under this Agreement as provided for in Section 13(e) of this Agreement. 
 
 i. Voting Securities means any securities of the Company which vote generally in the election of directors. 
 
 Section 3. Indemnity in Third-Party Proceedings . The Company shall indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3 if Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant in any Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor. Pursuant to this Section 3, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on his behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and, in the case of a criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. Indemnitee shall not enter into any settlement in connection with a Proceeding without ten (10) days prior notice to the Company. 
 
 Section 4. Indemnity in Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company . The Company shall indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4 if Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant in any Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor. Pursuant to this Section 4, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her on his or her behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. No indemnification for Expenses shall be made under this Section 4 in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company, unless and only to the extent that the Delaware Court of Chancery (the Delaware Court or any court in which the Proceeding was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification for such expenses as the Delaware Court or such other court shall deem proper. 
 
 Section 5. Indemnification for Expenses of a Party Who is Wholly or Partly Successful . Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement and except as provided in Section 8, to the extent that Indemnitee is a party to or a participant in and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her on his or her behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. For purposes of this Section and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter. 
 
 Section 6. Indemnification For Expenses of a Witness . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his Corporate Status, a witness in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party and is not threatened to be made a party, he shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her on his or her behalf in connection therewith. 
 4 

Section 7. Additional Indemnification . 
 
 a. Except as provided in Section 8, notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4 or 5, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law if Indemnitee is a party to or is threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding. 
 
 b. For purposes of Section 7(a), the meaning of the phrase to the fullest extent permitted by law shall include, but not be limited to 
 
 i. to the fullest extent permitted by the provision of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL that authorizes or contemplates additional indemnification by agreement, or the corresponding provision of any amendment to or replacement of the DGCL or such provision thereof and 
 
 ii. to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by any amendments to or replacements of the DGCL adopted after the date of this Agreement that increase the extent to which a corporation may indemnify its officers and directors. 
 
 Section 8. Exclusions . Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement 
 
 a. to make any indemnity for amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder (or for which advancement is provided hereunder) if and to the extent that Indemnitee has otherwise actually received such amounts under any insurance policy, contract, agreement or otherwise 
 
 b. to make any indemnity for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law 
 
 c. to make any indemnity or advancement that is prohibited by applicable law. 
 
 Section 9. Advances of Expenses . The Company shall advance, to the extent not prohibited by law, the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding, and such advancement shall be made within twenty (20) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting such advances (which shall include invoices received by Indemnitee in connection with such Expenses but, in the case of invoices in connection with legal services, any references to legal work performed or to expenditures made that would cause Indemnitee to waive any privilege accorded by applicable law shall not be included with the invoice) from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of any Proceeding. Advances shall be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitee s ability to repay the expenses and without regard to Indemnitee s ultimate entitlement to indemnification under the other provisions of this Agreement. Indemnitee shall qualify for advances upon the execution and delivery to the Company of this Agreement which shall constitute an undertaking providing that Indemnitee undertakes to the fullest extent required by law to repay the advance if and to the extent that it is ultimately determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final judgment, not subject to appeal, that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company. The right to advances under this paragraph shall in all events continue until final disposition of any Proceeding, including any appeal therein. Nothing in this Section 9 shall limit Indemnitee s right to advancement pursuant to Section 13(e) of this Agreement. 
 
 5 

Section 10. Procedure for Notification and Defense of Claim . 
 
 a. To obtain indemnification under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request therefor and, if Indemnitee so chooses pursuant to Section 11 of this Agreement, such written request shall also include a request for Indemnitee to have the right to indemnification determined by Independent Counsel. 
 
 b. The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense. 
 
 Section 11. Procedure Upon Application for Indemnification . 
 
 a. Upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to Section 10(a), a determination, if such determination is required by applicable law, with respect to Indemnitee s entitlement thereto shall be made in the specific case (i) by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board if Indemnitee so requests in such written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 10(a), or (ii) by the Company in accordance with applicable law if Indemnitee does not so request such determination be made by Independent Counsel. In the case that such determination is made by Independent Counsel, a copy of Independent Counsel s written opinion shall be delivered to Indemnitee and, if it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall cooperate with the Independent Counsel or the Company, as applicable, making such determination with respect to Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such counsel or the Company, upon reasonable advance request, any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or expenses (including attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the Independent Counsel or the Company shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom. 
 
 b. In the event that Indemnitee exercises his or her right to have his or her entitlement to indemnification determined by Independent Counsel pursuant to Sections 10(a) and 11(a)(i), the Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee. The Company may, within ten (10) days after written notice of such selection, deliver to Indemnitee a written objection to such selection provided , however , that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is so made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after the later of (i) submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification and Independent Counsel pursuant to Sections 10(a) and 11(a)(i) hereof, respectively, and (ii) the final disposition of the Proceeding, including any appeal therein, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected without objection, Indemnitee may petition a court of competent jurisdiction for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Company to the selection of Independent Counsel and or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by the court or by such other person as the court shall designate. The person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 11(a) hereof. Upon the due commencement of any judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to Section 13(a) of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing). 
 6 

Section 12. Presumptions and Effect of Certain Proceedings . 
 
 a. In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, it shall be presumed that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance with Section 10(a) of this Agreement, and the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in connection with the making of any determination contrary to that presumption. Neither (i) the failure of the Company or of Independent Counsel to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor (ii) an actual determination by the Company or by Independent Counsel that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct. 
 
 b. The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of guilty, nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. 
 
 c. The knowledge and or actions, or failure to act, of any director, officer, agent or employee of the Company or any Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement. 
 
 Section 13. Remedies of Indemnitee . 
 
 a. Subject to Section 13(f), in the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 11 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification shall have been made pursuant to Section 11(a) of this Agreement within sixty (60) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification that does not include a request for Independent Counsel, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Section 5 or 6 or the last sentence of Section 11(a) of this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor or (v) payment of indemnification pursuant to Section 3, 4 or 7 of this Agreement is not made within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by a court of his or her entitlement to such indemnification or advancement. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at his or her option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. Indemnitee shall commence such proceeding seeking an adjudication or an award in arbitration within 180 days following the date on which Indemnitee first has the right to commence such proceeding pursuant to this Section 13(a) provided , however , that the foregoing time limitation shall not apply in respect of a proceeding brought by Indemnitee to enforce his or her rights under Section 5 of this Agreement. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitee s right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration. 
 
 b. In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 11(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 13 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination. In any judicial proceeding or arbitration 
 7 

commenced pursuant to this Section 13, the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification or advancement, as the case may be. 
 
 c. If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 11(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 13, absent a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitee s statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification. 
 
 d. The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 13 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement. 
 
 e. The Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against any and all Enforcement Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor) advance, to the extent not prohibited by law, such Enforcement Expenses to Indemnitee, which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any action brought by Indemnitee for indemnification or advancement from the Company under this Agreement or under any directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, regardless of whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, advancement or insurance recovery, as the case may be, in the suit for which indemnification or advancement is being sought. 
 
 f. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, no determination as to entitlement to indemnification under this Agreement shall be required to be made prior to the final disposition of the Proceeding, including any appeal therein. 
 
 Section 14. Establishment of Trust . In the event of a Potential Change in Control, the Company shall, upon written request by Indemnitee, create a trust for the benefit of Indemnitee and from time to time upon written request of Indemnitee shall fund such trust in an amount (the Trust Fund Amount which is the lesser of (i) the total of all sums sufficient to satisfy the expenses (including attorneys fees) reasonably anticipated at the time of each such request to be incurred in connection with investigating, preparing for and defending any proceeding that is indemnifiable under this Agreement, plus any and all judgments, fines, penalties and settlement amounts relating to the proceeding from time to time actually paid or claimed, or reasonably anticipated or proposed to be paid or (ii) Five Million Dollars 5,000,000). The Trust Fund Amount shall be determined by the Reviewing Party. The Company shall maintain funds in the trust account in the Trust Fund Amount, depositing such additional amounts as may be appropriate as a result of disbursements from the account or increases which, from time to time, may occur in the Trust Fund Amount. The terms of the trust shall provide that upon a Change in Control (i) the trust shall not be revoked or the principal thereof invaded, without the written consent of the Indemnitee, (ii) the trustee shall advance, within twenty (20) business days of a request by Indemnitee, expenses to Indemnitee (and Indemnitee hereby agrees to reimburse the trust under the circumstances under which the Indemnitee would be required to reimburse the Company under Section 9 of this Agreement), (iii) the trust shall continue to be funded by the Company in accordance with the finding obligation set forth above, (iv) the trustee shall promptly pay to Indemnitee all amounts for which Indemnitee shall be entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise, and (v) all unexpended funds in such trust shall revert to the Company upon a final determination by the Reviewing Party or a court of competent jurisdiction, as the case may be, that the Indemnitee has been fully indemnified under the terms of this Agreement. The trustee shall be chosen by Indemnitee. Nothing in this Section 14 shall relieve the Company of any of its obligations under this Agreement. All income earned on the assets held in the trust shall be reported as income by the Company for federal, state, local and foreign tax purposes. 
 
 8 

Section 15. Non-exclusivity Survival of Rights Insurance Subrogation . 
 
 a. The rights of indemnification and to receive advancement as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws, any agreement, a vote of stockholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in his or her Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in Delaware law, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification or advancement than would be afforded currently under the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws and this Agreement, it is the intent of the parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy. 
 
 b. To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, employees, agents or trustees of the Company or of any other Enterprise, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, employee, agent or trustee under such policy or policies. If, at the time of the receipt of a notice of a claim pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of the commencement of such proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies. 
 
 c. In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights. 
 
 d. The Company s obligation to provide indemnification or advancement hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of any other Enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification or advancement from such other Enterprise. 
 
 Section 16. Duration of Agreement . This Agreement shall continue until and terminate upon the later of (a) ten (10) years after the date that Indemnitee shall have ceased to serve as a director or officer, as applicable, of the Company or (b) one (1) year after the final termination of any Proceeding, including any appeal, then pending in respect of which Indemnitee is granted rights of indemnification or advancement hereunder and of any proceeding, including any appeal, commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 13 of this Agreement relating thereto. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and his or her heirs, executors and administrators. The Company shall require and cause any successor, and any direct or indirect parent of any successor, whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise, to all, substantially all or a substantial part, of the business and or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to 
 9 

perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. 
 
 Section 17. Severability . If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any section of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any section of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby. 
 
 Section 18. Enforcement . 
 
 a. The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director or officer, as applicable, of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving as a director or officer, as applicable, of the Company. 
 
 b. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof provided , however , that this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws and applicable law, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder. 
 
 Section 19. Modification and Waiver . No supplement, modification or amendment, or waiver of any provision, of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the parties thereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver. 
 
 Section 20. Notice by Indemnitee . Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification or advancement as provided hereunder. The failure of Indemnitee to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise. 
 
 Section 21. Notices . All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if (a) delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, (b) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third business day after the date on which it is so mailed, (c) mailed by reputable overnight courier and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed or (d) sent by facsimile transmission, with receipt of oral confirmation that such transmission has been received 
 
 a. If to Indemnitee, at such address as Indemnitee shall provide to the Company. 
 
 b. If to the Company to 
 
 Steve Demetriou 
 1999 Bryan Street 
 Suite 1200 
 Dallas, Texas 75201 
 10 

or to any other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by the Company. 
 
 Section 22. Contribution . To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to Indemnitee for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall contribute to the amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and or for Expenses, in connection with any Proceeding in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances in order to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee in connection with the event(s) and or transaction(s) giving rise to such Proceeding and or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees and agents) and Indemnitee in connection with such event(s) and or transactions. 
 
 Section 23. Applicable Law and Consent to Jurisdiction . This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 13(a) of this Agreement, the Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Delaware Court, and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country, (ii) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, (iii) consent to service of process at the address set forth in Section 21 of this Agreement with the same legal force and validity as if served upon such party personally within the State of Delaware, (iv) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Delaware Court and (v) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Delaware Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum. 
 
 Section 24. Identical Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement. 
 
 Section 25. Miscellaneous . The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be signed as of the day and year first above written. 
 JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC 

By 
 Steve Demetriou 
 Chair of the Board & Chief Executive Officer 

Indemnitee 
 Name 

11 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-21>
 3
 exhibit21q4fy2021.htm
 EX-21

Document 
 Exhibit 21 

 JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 The following table sets forth all subsidiaries of the Company but may not include those subsidiaries that, when considered in the aggregate, would not constitute a significant subsidiary. 
 
 Jacobs Government Services Company, a corporation of California.............................................. 100.00 Jacobs Professional Services Inc., a corporation of Delaware........................................................... 100.00 Jacobs Engineering Inc., a corporation of Delaware............................................................................. 100.00 Jacobs Group Australia Investments Pty Ltd., a corporation of Australia 100.00 Jacobs Australia Holdings Company Pty Ltd, a corporation of Australia 100.00 Sinclair Knight Merz Management Pty Ltd, a corporation of Australia.......................... 100.00 Jacobs Group Australia Holding Ltd, a corporation of Australia.................................... 100.00 Jacobs Group (Australia) Pty Ltd, a corporation of Australia............................ 100.00 Aquenta Consulting Pty Ltd, a corporation of Australia .. 100.00 Jacobs E&C Australia PTY Ltd, a corporation of Australia.......................... 100.00 Jacobs Project Management Australia PTY Ltd, a corporation of Australia......... 100.00 Jacobs Architecture (Australia) Pty Ltd, a corporation of Australia................ 100.00 Jacobs (Thailand) Co., Ltd., a corporation Thailand............................................. 49.00 Jacobs Projects (Philippines) Inc., a corporation of the Philippines................ 100.00 Sinclair Knight Merz Consulting (India) Private Ltd, a corporation of India.. 100.00 Sinclair Knight Merz (Ireland) Ltd, a corporation of the Republic of Ireland.. 100.00 Sinclair Knight Merz (NZ) Holdings Ltd, a corporation of New Zealand ....... 100.00 Sinclair Knight Merz (Kenya) Limited, a corporation of Kenya .. 100.00 Jacobs New Zealand Limited, a corporation of New Zealand.................... 100.00 PT Jacobs Group Indonesia, a corporation of Indonesia..................... 99.50 Sinclair Knight Merz International Holdings LLC, a limited liability company of Delaware 100.00 Jacobs Engineering Group Malaysia Sdn Bhd, a corporation of Malaysia 100.00 Perunding Mahir Bersatu Sdn Bhd, a corporation of Malaysia ... .. 100.00 Jacobs Engineering Services Sdn Bhd, a corporation of Malaysia 100.00 Jacobs Consulting Services Sdn. Bhd., a corporation of Malaysia 100.00 Sinclair Knight Merz (Hong Kong) Limited, a corporation of Hong Kong 100.00 Sinclair Knight Merz International (Hong Kong) Ltd, a corporation of Hong Kong ........................ 100.00 CODE International Assurance Ltd., a corporation of Nevada................................................... 100.00 CODE II International Assurance Ltd., a corporation of Vermont .. 100.00 Jacobs Engineering Espa a, S.L.U., a corporation of Spain........................................................ 100.00 Jacobs Luxembourg Finance Company Sarl, a corporation of Luxembourg................ 100.00 Jacobs Nederland Finance and Investment Company B.V., a corporation of the Netherlands 100.00 Jacobs Merrion Finance Unlimited Company, a corporation of Ireland 100.00 Jacobs Europe Holdco Limited, a corporation of England and Wales............................ 100.00 Jacobs UK Holdings Limited, a corporation of England and Wales......................... 100.00 Jacobs Switzerland GmbH, a corporation of Switzerland................................... 100.00 Jacobs U.K. Limited, a corporation of England and Wales................................. 100.00 Energy, Safety and Risk Consultants (UK) Limited, a corporation of England and Wales 100.00 Jacobs Clean Energy International Limited, a corporation of England and Wales 100.00 Jacobs Clean Energy Limited, a corporation of England and Wales 100.00 Jacobs E&C Limited, a corporation of England and Wales .... 100.00 
 1 

Exhibit 21 

 Jacobs Field Services Limited, a corporation of England and Wales 100.00 L.E.S Construction Ltd, a corporation of England and Wales........ 100.00 HGC Constructors Private Ltd., a corporation of India ................... 100.00 Jacobs Stobbarts Ltd, a corporation of England and Wales.............................. 100.00 Jacobs Engineering U.K. Ltd, a corporation of England and Wales . 100.00 Gibb Holdings Ltd., a corporation of England and Wales........................... 100.00 Jacobs One Limited, a corporation of Scotland..................................... 100.00 Jacobs European Holdings Limited, a corporation 
 of England and Wales............................................................................. 
 100.00 Babtie Shaw & Morton Ltd, a corporation of Scotland................ 100.00 Jacobs China Limited, a Hong Kong corporation.......................... 100.00 BEAR Scotland Limited, a corporation of Scotland...................... 25.00 Growing Concern Scotland Limited........................................... 100.00 Ringway Jacobs Limited, a corporation of England and Wales 50.00 LeighFisher U.K. Limited, a corporation of England and Wales 100.00 JacobsGIBB Limited, a corporation of England and Wales................. 100.00 Westminster & Earley Services Ltd, a corporation of England and Wales .... 100.00 Jacobs Engineering Ireland Limited, a corporation of the Republic of Ireland.... 100.00 Jacobs Italia, SpA, a corporation of Italy.......................................................................... 100.00 Jacobs International Limited, a corporation of the Republic of Ireland......................... 100.00 Jacobs Nucl aire SAS, a corporation of France...................................................... 100.00 Jacobs Brazil Limited Inc. a corporation of Texas ........................................................................ 100.00 JEG Acquisition Company Limited, a corporation of England and Wales.............................. 100.00 AWE Management Limited, a corporation of England and Wales................................... 33.33 Jacobs Puerto Rico Inc., a corporation of Puerto Rico................................................................. 100.00 Jacobs Holdings Singapore Pte. Limited., a corporation of Singapore.................................. 100.00 Jacobs International Consultants Pte Ltd. a corporation of Singapore 100.00 Jacobs Consultancy Canada Inc., a corporation of Canada........................................................ 100.00 Jacobs Advisers Inc., a corporation of California............................................................................. 100.00 Jacobs Civil Consultants Inc., a corporation of New York................................................................... 100.00 Jacobs Technology Inc., a corporation of Tennessee........................................................................... 100.00 Buffalo Group LLC, a limited liability company of Delaware ... 100.00 Federal Network Systems LLC, a limited liability company of Delaware............................... 100.00 Jacobs Australia Pty limited, a corporation of Australia............................................................. 100.00 Jacobs Telecommunications, Inc., a corporation of New Jersey .. 100.00 The KeyW Holding Corporation, a corporation of Maryland...................................................... 100.00 The KeyW Corporation, a corporation of Maryland 100.00 Automotive Testing Operations, LLC, a limited liability company of Delaware................... 100.00 Hanford Progress EcoPartners, LLC, a limited liability company of Delaware 35.00 Jacobs Engineering New York Inc., a corporation of New York......................................................... 100.00 Iffland Kavanagh Waterbury, P.L.L.C., a limited liability company of New York.......................... 100.00 Jacobs Project Management Co., a corporation Delaware................................................................. 100.00 Sverdrup Hydro Projects, Inc., a corporation of Missouri.................................................................... 100.00 JE Associates, Inc., a corporation of Missouri......................................................................................... 100.00 Jacobs Engineering Company, a corporation of California................................................................ 100.00 Bechtel Jacobs Company LLC, a limited liability company of Delaware........................................ 40.00 LeighFisher Inc., a corporation of Delaware............................................................................................ 100.00 LeighFisher Canada Inc., a corporation of Canada........................................................................ 100.00 LeighFisher Ecuador S.A., a corporation of Ecuador..................................................................... 100.00 LeighFisher Holdings Ltd. a corporation of England and Wales............................................... 100.00 
 2 

Exhibit 21 

 LeighFisher Ltd., a corporation of England and Wales........................................................ 100.00 LeighFisher India Private Ltd., a corporation of India................................................................... 100.00 KlingStubbins Inc., a corporation of Delaware....................................................................................... 100.00 Sverdrup Asia Limited, a corporation of India........................................................................................ 100.00 Jacobs Engineering and Construction (Thailand) Limited, a corporation of Thailand . 99.98 Mission Support & Test Services, LLC, a limited liability company of Delaware . 37.00 CH2M HILL Companies, Ltd., a corporation of Delaware.................................................................... 100.00 CH2M HILL, Inc., a corporation of Florida......................................................................................... 100.00 CH2M HILL New York, Inc., a corporation of New York . 100.00 Halcrow, Inc., a corporation of Delaware . 100.00 CH2M HILL Constructors, Inc., a corporation of Delaware 100.00 CH2M Facility Support Services, LLC, a limited liability company of Delaware 100.00 CH2M HILL Plateau Remediation Company, a corporation of Washington 100.00 CH2M HILL International, Ltd., a corporation of Delaware......................................................... 100.00 CH2M HILL International Engineering, Inc., a corporation of Delaware .. 100.00 CH2M HILL One Limited, a corporation of the United Kingdom.. . 100.00 CH2M HILL Holdings Limited, a corporation of the United Kingdom.. . 100.00 CH2M HILL Europe Limited, a corporation of the United Kingdom .. ... 100.00 Halcrow Holdings Limited, a corporation of the United Kingdom . 100.00 Halcrow Consulting Limited, a corporation of the United Kingdom 100.00 Halcrow Group Limited, a corporation of the United Kingdom .. 100.00 Halcrow International Limited, a corporation of the United Kingdom 100.00 CHNG B.V., a corporation of the Netherlands .. 100.00 CH2M HILL Netherlands Holding B.V., a corporation of the Netherlands . 100.00 CH2M HILL Canada Limited, a corporation of Canada 100.00 CH2M HILL International B.V., a corporation of the Netherlands.. 100.00 CH2M HILL Singapore Pte. Ltd., a corporation of Singapore 100.00 CH2M HILL International Services, Inc., a corporation of Oregon . 100.00 Operations Management International, Inc., a corporation of California ..... 100.00 CH2M HILL Global, Inc., a corporation of Delaware..................................................................... 100.00 CH2M HILL E&C, Inc., a corporation of Delaware ... 100.00 CH2M HILL Engineers, Inc., a corporation of Delaware................................................. 100.00 CH2M HILL Puerto Rico, Inc., a corporation of Delaware . 100.00 LG Constructors Inc., a corporation of Delaware............................................................. 100.00 CH2M HILL Constructors International, Inc., a corporation of Delaware . 100.00 PA Holdings Limited, a corporation of the United Kingdom . 65.00 
 3 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 exhibit23q4fy2021.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Consent of 
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 Nos. 333-195708, 333-187677, 333-107344, 333-123448, 333-157014, and 333-38974) pertaining to the Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 1999 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 Nos. 333-67048 and 333-216176) pertaining to the Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. Global Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated, 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 Nos. 333-38984 and 333-209860) pertaining to the Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 1999 Outside Director Stock Plan, as amended and restated, 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-45475) pertaining to the Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 1981 Executive Incentive Plan, 
 (5) Registration Statement (Form S-8 Nos. 333-157015 and 333-216176) pertaining to the Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 1989 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated, 
 (6) Registration Statement (Form S-4 No. 333-147936) and related Prospectus of Jacobs Engineering Group Inc., 
 (7) Registration Statement (Form S-4 No. 333-220524 as amended) and Related Prospectus of Jacobs Engineering Group Inc., and 
 (8) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-222084) pertaining to the CH2M HILL Companies, Ltd. Amended and Restated Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended 
 
 of our reports dated November 23, 2021, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. and subsidiaries included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. and subsidiaries for the year ended October 1, 2021. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 Dallas, Texas 
 November 23, 2021 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exhibit311q4fy2021.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Steven J. Demetriou, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s Steven J. Demetriou Steven J. Demetriou Chief Executive Officer November 23, 2021 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exhibit312q4fy2021.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Kevin C. Berryman, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s Kevin C. Berryman Kevin C. Berryman Chief Financial Officer November 23, 2021 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 exhibit321q4fy2021.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended October 1, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Steven J. Demetriou, Chief Executive Officer of the Company (principal executive officer), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Steven J. Demetriou Steven J. Demetriou Chief Executive Officer November 23, 2021 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 exhibit322q4fy2021.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended October 1, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Kevin C. Berryman, Chief Financial Officer of the Company (principal financial officer), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Kevin C. Berryman Kevin C. Berryman President and Chief Financial Officer November 23, 2021 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 jec-20211001.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 jec-20211001_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 jec-20211001_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 jec-20211001_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 jec-20211001_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

