<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211013_10-K_edgar_data_932021_0001493152-21-025316.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9139616</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>308706</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1173468</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3338458</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1592270</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2497102</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-21-025316.hdr.sgml : 20211013
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211013163309
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-21-025316
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211013
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211013

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GLOBAL TECHNOLOGIES LTD
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000932021
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO & TV BROADCASTING & COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT [3663]
		IRS NUMBER:				860970492
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-25668
		FILM NUMBER:		211321591

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		501 1ST AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 901
		CITY:			ST. PETERSBURG
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		727-482-1505

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		501 1ST AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 901
		CITY:			ST. PETERSBURG
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33701

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-21-025316.txt : 20211013

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT
 TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT
 TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from
_____to _____ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction 
 of
 incorporation) 
 
 (IRS
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

A
Registered Agent, Inc. 

 8
The Green, Suite A 

 Dover,
DE 19901 

 (302)
288-0670 

(Name,
address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

OTC
 Markets PINK 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 Reporting Company 

Emerging
 Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

YES 

The aggregate market value on December 31, 2020
(the last business day of the Company s most recently completed second quarter) of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates
of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price of the stock on that date, was approximately . The registrant
does not have non-voting common stock outstanding. 

As
of October 13, 2021, there were 
shares of registrant s Class A common stock outstanding. 

USE OF MARKET AND INDUSTRY DATA 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes market
and industry data that we have obtained from third-party sources, including industry publications, as well as industry data prepared
by our management on the basis of its knowledge of and experience in the industries in which we operate (including our management s
estimates and assumptions relating to such industries based on that knowledge). Management has developed its knowledge of such industries
through its experience and participation in these industries. While our management believes the third-party sources referred to in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K are reliable, neither we nor our management have independently verified any of the data from such sources
referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon by such sources. Furthermore,
internally prepared and third-party market prospective information, in particular, are estimates only and there will usually be differences
between the prospective and actual results, because events and circumstances frequently do not occur as expected, and those differences
may be material. Also, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to any publications, reports, surveys or articles prepared by third
parties should not be construed as depicting the complete findings of the entire publication, report, survey or article. The information
in any such publication, report, survey or article is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 

This
annual report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The words believe, expect, anticipate, intend, 
 estimate, may, should, could, will, plan, future, 
 continue, and other expressions that are predictions of or indicate future events and trends and that do not relate to
historical matters identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based largely on our expectations or forecasts
of future events, can be affected by inaccurate assumptions, and are subject to various business risks and known and unknown uncertainties,
a number of which are beyond our control. Therefore, actual results could differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained
in this document, and readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation
to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A wide
variety of factors could cause or contribute to such differences and could adversely impact revenues, profitability, cash flows and capital
needs. There can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements contained in this document will, in fact, transpire or prove to
be accurate. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the
risks in the section entitled Risk Factors that may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed
or implied by any forward-looking statements. 

Important
factors that may cause the actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements, projections or other expectations include, but
are not limited to, the following: 

risk
 that we will not be able to remediate identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and disclosure
 controls and procedures; 

risk
 that we fail to meet the requirements of the agreements under which we acquired our business interests, including any cash payments
 to the business operations, which could result in the loss of our right to continue to operate or develop the specific businesses
 described in the agreements; 

risk
 that we will be unable to secure additional financing in the near future in order to commence and sustain our planned development
 and growth plans; 

risk
 that we cannot attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel, particularly employees, consultants and contractors for our operations; 

risks
 and uncertainties relating to the various industries and operations we are currently engaged in; 

results
 of initial feasibility, pre-feasibility and feasibility studies, and the possibility that future growth, development or expansion
 will not be consistent with our expectations; 

risks
 related to the inherent uncertainty of business operations including profit, cost of goods, production costs and cost estimates and
 the potential for unexpected costs and expenses; 

risks
 related to commodity price fluctuations; 

the
 uncertainty of profitability based upon our history of losses; 

risks
 related to failure to obtain adequate financing on a timely basis and on acceptable terms for our planned development projects; 

risks
 related to environmental regulation and liability; 

risks
 related to tax assessments; and 

other
 risks and uncertainties related to our prospects, properties and business strategy. 

Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels
of activity, performance or achievements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as
of the date of this report. Except as required by law, we do not undertake to update or revise any of the forward-looking statements
to conform these statements to actual results, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

As
used in this annual report, Global Technologies, the Company, we, us, or our 
refer to Global Technologies, Ltd. unless otherwise indicated. 

2 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 8 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 20 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 20 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 20 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 20 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 21 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Selected
 Financial Data 
 22 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 22 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 27 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 27 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 28 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 28 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 29 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 31 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 33 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 35 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 36 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 
 36 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits 
 37 

Signatures 
 39 

3 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

Overview 

Global
Technologies, Ltd is a publicly quoted company that was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on January 20, 1999 under
the name of NEW IFT Corporation. On August 13, 1999, the Company filed an Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the
State of Delaware to change the name of the corporation to Global Technologies, Ltd. Our principal executive offices are located at 501
1 st Ave N., Suite 901, St. Petersburg, FL 33701 and our telephone number is (727) 482-1505. Our website address is www.globaltechnologiesltd.info .
The information provided on our website is not part of this Annual Report and is therefore not incorporated by reference unless such
information is otherwise specifically referenced elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

COVID-19 

COVID-19
has caused and continues to cause significant loss of life and disruption to the global economy, including the curtailment of activities
by businesses and consumers in much of the world as governments and others seek to limit the spread of the disease, and through business
and transportation shutdowns and restrictions on people s movement and congregation. 

As
a result of the pandemic, we have experienced, and continue to experience, weakened demand for our CBD products. Many of our wholesale
and retail customers have been unable to sell our products in their stores due to government-mandated closures and have deferred or significantly
reduced orders for our products. We expect these trends to continue until such closures are significantly curtailed or lifted. In addition,
the pandemic has reduced foot traffic in their stores where our products are sold that remain open, and the global economic impact of
the pandemic has temporarily reduced consumer demand for our products as they focus on purchasing essential goods. 

Given
these factors, the Company anticipates that the greatest impact from the COVID-19 pandemic will occur in the third and fourth quarters
of fiscal 2020 and first quarter of fiscal 2021 and will most likely result in a significant delay in the buildout of our Markets on
Main operations. 

In
addition, certain of our suppliers and the manufacturers of certain of our products were adversely impacted by COVID-19. As a result,
we faced delays or difficulty sourcing products, which negatively affected our business and financial results. Even if we are able to
find alternate sources for such products, they may cost more and cause delays in our supply chain, which could adversely impact our profitability
and financial condition. 

We
have taken actions to protect our employees in response to the pandemic, including closing our corporate office and requiring our office
employee to work from home. At the manufacturing facility where our HMNRTH CBD products are produced, certain practices have been taken
into effect to safeguard workers, including a staggered work schedule, and shortening of the work week. If this were to continue, it
may significantly delay our ability to have product produced for delivery. 

Prior
Operational History 

From
inception until March 2011, Global Technologies was a technology portfolio company that acquired nascent technology and related innovations,
inventions and IP assets to enhance their growth and development. The Company built revenues and asset value through a model of continuous
growth, income from or sale of its portfolio holdings, and technology licensing or distribution agreements. 

The
Company invested primarily in innovative and promising clean/renewable energy or bio-tech technologies that had reached the stage in
the critical Technology Development Demonstration phase of the Innovative Cycle, which includes Prototype, Demonstration and Market
Analysis. 

In
March 2011, the Company abandoned its operations. Mr. Jimmy Wayne Anderson, our sole officer and director, was appointed a director of
the Company in December 2017 and an officer in January 2018. 

Current
Operations 

Global
Technologies, Ltd Global is a holding corporation, which through its subsidiaries, has operations engaged in the online
sales of CBD and hemp related products, the acquisition of intellectual property in the safety and security space and as a portal for
entrepreneurs to provide immediate access to live shopping, e-commerce, product placement in brick and mortar retail outlets and logistics. 

On
November 30, 2019, the Company entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (the Agreement for the purchase of TCBM Holdings,
LLC TCBM ). Under the terms of the Agreement, the Company issued a Convertible Promissory Note (the Note in the amount of 2,000,000 to Jetco Holdings, LLC for the purchase of all issued and outstanding membership units of TCBM and its
subsidiaries, HMNRTH, LLC and 911 Help Now, LLC. As of March 15, 2021, the outstanding principal and interest on the Note were 503,714
and 46,485, respectively. On this same date, the Holder agreed to forgive 253,714 in outstanding principal and all outstanding interest
leaving a remaining principal balance of 250,000. On March 15, 2021, the Company issued the Holder fifty (50) shares of the Company s
Series L Preferred Stock in satisfaction of the 250,000 principal balance. As of June 30, 2021, there was no outstanding principal
or interest due. Please see NOTE F - NOTES PAYABLE, THIRD PARTIES for further information. 

On
March 11, 2020, the Company, through its two wholly owned subsidiaries, HMNRTH, LLC (the Seller and TCBM Holdings, LLC
(the Owner (together Seller and Owner the Selling Parties entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the
 Agreement with Edison Nation, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary, Scalematix, LLC (together the Buyer ),
for the sale of certain assets in the health and wellness industry and related consumer products industry. Under the terms of the Agreement,
Buyer was to remit 70,850 via wire transfer at Closing and issue to a representative of the Selling Parties Two Hundred Thirty-Eight
Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty (238,750) shares of restricted common stock. In addition, the Selling Parties shall have the right to
additional earn out compensation based upon the following metrics: (i) at such time as the purchased assets achieve cumulative revenue
of 2,500,000, the Selling Parties shall earn One Hundred Twenty-Five Thousand (125,000) shares of common stock; and (ii) at such time
as the purchased assets achieve cumulative revenue of 5,000,000, the Selling Parties shall earn One Hundred Twenty-Five Thousand (125,000)
shares of common stock. The Closing of the transaction occurred on March 11, 2020. As of the date of this filing, the Company has received
the 238,750 shares of restricted common stock valued at 477,500 and the 70,850 in cash compensation due under the terms of the Agreement.
The shares and cash compensation were subsequently transferred to the principal of Jetco Holdings, LLC as payment against the November
30, 2019 Convertible Promissory Note issued to Jetco Holdings, LLC. 

On September 3, 2020, the Company entered into a Commitment to be Bound by the Amended
Operating Agreement to Effect Transfer of Membership Interest in order to facilitate the transfer of 25 Membership Units (the
 Units issued by Global Clean Solutions, LLC Global and held in the name of Graphene Holdings, LLC Graphene to the Company. In exchange for the transfer of the Units to the Company, the Company issued to Graphene a
Convertible Promissory Note (the Note in the amount of 250,000. Please see NOTE F - NOTES
PAYABLE, THIRD PARTIES and NOTE M - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS for further information. 

4 

Our
wholly owned subsidiaries: 

About
TCBM Holdings, LLC 

TCBM
Holdings, LLC TCBM was formed as a Delaware limited liability company on August 10, 2017. TCBM is a holding corporation,
which operated through its two wholly owned subsidiaries, HMNRTH, LLC and 911 Help Now, LLC. 

About
HMNRTH, LLC 

HMNRTH,
LLC HMN was formed as a Delaware limited liability company on July 30, 2019. HMNRTH operates as an online store selling
a variety of hemp and CBD related products. The Company s business model is to bridge the gap between the lifestyle and knowledge
components within the cannabis industry. The Company s goal is to educate every consumer while cultivating an experience by providing
quality products, branded cutting-edge content, and diversified product lines for any purpose. Most importantly, we want our clients
to discover their inner HMN, redefine their inner HMN and Empower their inner HMN. 

In
September 2019, the Company entered into a Quality Agreement with Nutralife Biosciences for the development and production of its CBD
line of products. The Company s product line includes hemp derived, full spectrum cannabidiol tinctures and creams in varying sizes.

In
order for the Company to generate revenue through HMNRTH, we will need to: (i) produce additional inventory for retail sales through
the Company s ecommerce site or sales, or (ii) sales to third party distributors, or (iii) direct sales to brick and mortar CBD
retail outlets, or (iv) generate additional CBD formulas to be utilized in new products At present, the Company does not have the required
capital to move forward with any of the options and there is no guarantee that we will be able to raise the required funds. 

Regulation
of HMNRTH products: 

The
manufacture, labeling and distribution of our products is regulated by various federal, state and local agencies. These governmental
authorities may commence regulatory or legal proceedings, which could restrict the permissible scope of our product claims or the ability
to sell our products in the future. The FDA regulates our nutraceutical and wellness products to ensure that the products are not adulterated
or misbranded. 

We
are subject to additional regulation as a result of our CBD products. The shifting compliance environment and the need to build and maintain
robust systems to comply with different compliance in multiple jurisdictions increase the possibility that we may violate one or more
of the requirements. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of such laws or any other governmental regulations that apply
to us, we may be subject to penalties, including, without limitation, civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, the curtailment or
restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. 

Failure
to comply with FDA requirements may result in, among other things, injunctions, product withdrawals, recalls, product seizures, fines
and criminal prosecutions. Our advertising is subject to regulation by the FTC under the FTCA. Additionally, some states also permit
advertising and labeling laws to be enforced by private attorney generals, who may seek relief for consumers, seek class action certifications,
seek class wide damages and product recalls of products sold by us. Any actions against us by governmental authorities or private litigants
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

About
911 Help Now, LLC 

911
Help Now, LLC 911 was formed as a Delaware limited liability company on February 2, 2018. 911 was a holding company of
intellectual property in the safety and security space. At present, we own no intellectual property within our 911 subsidiary. In order
to generate future revenue within 911, we will need to identify and either acquire or license intellectual property. In the event of
an acquisition, we will then need to either develop products utilizing our intellectual property or license out our intellectual property
to a third party. There is no guarantee that we will be successful with an acquisition or licensing of any intellectual property. 

About
Markets on Main, LLC 

Markets
on Main, LLC MOM was formed as a Florida limited liability company on April 2, 2020. MOM is A full service, sales and
distribution, third-party logistics provider and portal to multi-channel sales opportunities. MOM s focus is on bringing small
businesses and entrepreneurs to large opportunities and distribution. MOM will provide the following services to its clients: inventory
management, brand management, fulfillment and drop-ship capabilities, retail distribution and customer service. MOM s website can
be found at www.marketsonmain.com . 

On
November 5, 2020, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary Markets on Main, LLC Licensor ), entered into a Platform
License Agreement (the License Agreement with Honey Badger Media, LLC (the Licensee ). Under the terms of
the License Agreement, the Company grants the Licensee a perpetual, non-exclusive license to operate the Platform, fulfillment opportunities
and its related technologies. In consideration for the License, the Licensee shall pay
to the Licensor a fee equal to twenty percent (20 of the Net Profits generated from Licensee s clients through the Platform. 

Investments: 

Global
Clean Solutions, LLC Investment 

Global
Clean Solutions Global Clean was founded as a special purpose entity in the Personal Protective Equipment Industry
during the initial stages of the pandemic in 2020. Its management set out with a simple mission; deliver customers PPE while
removing the panic from the pandemic. Global Clean has created a solid and repeatable foundation and is able to satisfy
the needs of both government municipalities and corporations that many companies have tried, and few have succeeded. 

Direct
 to factory relationships 

Proprietary
 hand sanitizer ready to ship 

Funding
 programs available 

Government
 contract expertise 

Overseas
 production capabilities 

Distribution
 centers in CA and FL 

The Company elected to impair its investment in
Global Clean as it does not anticipate generating any further revenue from this investment. 

Services: 

Consulting Services 

On May 10, 2021, the Company entered into a Consulting
Agreement (the Agreement with CoroWare, Inc. CoroWare ). Under the terms of the Agreement, the Company is
to prepare the following financial reports for CoroWare: (i) Registration Statement and all subsequent amendments, (ii) Quarterly Reports
for the periods ended March 31, 2021, June 30, 2021 and September 30, 2021, and (iii) Annual Report for the period ended December 31,
2021. The Agreement shall have a term one (1) year or until CoroWare s Annual Report is filed with OTC Markets or the SEC. The
Company shall be compensated a total of 45,000 in three equal payments of 15,000. 

Consultants 

On January 2, 2020, the Company entered into a
Consulting Agreement (the Agreement with Timothy Cabrera (the Consultant ). Under the terms of the Agreement,
the Consultant is to provide services to further the business plan of the Company s subsidiaries, seek and advise the Company on
the acquisition of potential products, seek acquisition candidates and on the sale of any inventory. The Agreement has a term of one
(1) year and the Consultant is to be compensated Two Hundred Fifty Thousand and NO/100 Dollars 250,000). On February 15, 2021, the
Company issued fifty shares of the Company s Series L Preferred Stock to the Consultant in satisfaction of 250,000 cash compensation
due for past consulting services. All compensation due under the Agreement has been satisfied. 

On January 2, 2020, the Company entered into a
Consulting Agreement (the Agreement with Brian McFadden (the Consultant ). Under the terms of the Agreement,
the Consultant is to provide services to manage the Company s HMNRTH subsidiary, manage the process of new CBD formulas from development
to sale, seek and advise the Company on the acquisition of potential products and on the sale of any inventory. The Agreement has a term
of one (1) year and the Consultant is to be compensated Two Hundred Fifty Thousand and NO/100 Dollars 250,000). On February 15, 2021,
the Company issued fifty shares of the Company s Series L Preferred Stock to the Consultant in satisfaction of 250,000 cash compensation
due for past consulting services. All compensation due under the Agreement has been satisfied. 

On August 22, 2019, the Company entered into a
Consulting Agreement (the Agreement with Sylios Corp (the Consultant ), an entity controlled by the Company s
President, Jimmy Wayne Anderson. Under the terms of the Agreement, the Consultant is to provide services related to acquisitions, mergers
and certain day to day tasks of managing a public company. As compensation, the Company shall pay Consultant 50,000 through the issuance
of ten (10) shares of the Company s Series L Preferred Stock. The Company issued the shares of Series L Preferred Stock on September
2, 2019. The Agreement had a term of six (6) months or until the Consultant completed the services requested. The services under the
Agreement have been satisfied. 

5 

Revenue 

For
the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, we had 15,000 and 548,350 in revenue. Our revenue for the twelve
months ended June 30, 2021 was 100 comprised from consulting services from one client. Our revenue for the twelve months ended June
30, 2020 was 100 comprised of the sale of hemp and CBD inventory through our subsidiary, HMNRTH, LLC. 

Research
and development 

For
the twelve months ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, we had 0 and 0 research and development costs, respectively. 

Employees 

Currently,
Global Technologies has one part-time employee who devotes approximately 10-15 hours per week to the Company s operations. We intend
on retaining additional officers, ancillary staff and consultants during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 as our operational
subsidiaries further their business plans. 

Our Business
Plan 

Our
business plan is to operate through our wholly owned subsidiaries for the foreseeable future, while seeking potential acquisition, joint
venture and merger candidates. 

Our
wholly owned subsidiaries: 

About
TCBM Holdings, LLC 

TCBM
Holdings, LLC TCBM was formed as a Delaware limited liability company on August 10, 2017. TCBM is a holding corporation,
which operated through its two wholly owned subsidiaries, HMNRTH, LLC and 911 Help Now, LLC. 

About
HMNRTH, LLC 

HMNRTH,
LLC HMN was formed as a Delaware limited liability company on July 30, 2019. HMNRTH operates as an online store selling
a variety of hemp and CBD related products. The Company s business model is to bridge the gap between the lifestyle and knowledge
components within the cannabis industry. The Company s goal is to educate every consumer while cultivating an experience by providing
quality products, branded cutting-edge content, and diversified product lines for any purpose. Most importantly, we want our clients
to discover their inner HMN, redefine their inner HMN and Empower their inner HMN. 

In
September 2019, the Company entered into a Quality Agreement with Nutralife Biosciences for the development and production of its CBD
line of products. The Company s product line includes hemp derived, full spectrum cannabidiol tinctures and creams in varying sizes. 

In
order for the Company to generate revenue through HMNRTH, we will need to: (i) produce additional inventory for retail sales through
the Company s ecommerce site or sales, or (ii) sales to third party distributors, or (iii) direct sales to brick and mortar CBD
retail outlets, or (iv) generate additional CBD formulas to be utilized in new products At present, the Company does not have the required
capital to initiate any of the options and there is no guarantee that we will be able to raise the required funds. 

Regulation
of HMNRTH products: 

The
manufacture, labeling and distribution of our products is regulated by various federal, state and local agencies. These governmental
authorities may commence regulatory or legal proceedings, which could restrict the permissible scope of our product claims or the ability
to sell our products in the future. The FDA regulates our nutraceutical and wellness products to ensure that the products are not adulterated
or misbranded. 

We
are subject to additional regulation as a result of our CBD products. The shifting compliance environment and the need to build and maintain
robust systems to comply with different compliance in multiple jurisdictions increase the possibility that we may violate one or more
of the requirements. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of such laws or any other governmental regulations that apply
to us, we may be subject to penalties, including, without limitation, civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, the curtailment or
restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. 

Failure
to comply with FDA requirements may result in, among other things, injunctions, product withdrawals, recalls, product seizures, fines
and criminal prosecutions. Our advertising is subject to regulation by the FTC under the FTCA. Additionally, some states also permit
advertising and labeling laws to be enforced by private attorney generals, who may seek relief for consumers, seek class action certifications,
seek class wide damages and product recalls of products sold by us. Any actions against us by governmental authorities or private litigants
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

About 911
Help Now, LLC 

911
Help Now, LLC 911 was formed as a Delaware limited liability company on February 2, 2018. 911 was a holding company of
intellectual property in the safety and security space. At present, we own no intellectual property within our 911 subsidiary. In order
to generate future revenue within 911, we will need to identify and either acquire or license intellectual property. In the event of
an acquisition, we will then need to either develop products utilizing our intellectual property or license out our intellectual property
to a third party. There is no guarantee that we will be successful with an acquisition or licensing of any intellectual property. 

About Markets
on Main, LLC 

Markets
on Main, LLC MOM was formed as a Florida limited liability company on April 2, 2020. MOM is A full service, sales and
distribution, third-party logistics provider and portal to multi-channel sales opportunities. MOM s focus is on bringing small
businesses and entrepreneurs to large opportunities and distribution. MOM will provide the following services to its clients: inventory
management, brand management, fulfillment and drop-ship capabilities, retail distribution and customer service. MOM s website can
be found at www.marketsonmain.com . 

6 

Potential
Future Acquisitions 

In
implementing a structure for a particular business acquisition, we may become a party to a merger, consolidation, reorganization, joint
venture, or licensing agreement with another company or entity. We may also acquire stock or assets of an existing business. Upon consummation
of a transaction, it is probable that our present management and stockholders will no longer be in control of us. In addition, our sole
director may, as part of the terms of the acquisition transaction, resign and be replaced by new directors without a vote of our stockholders,
or sell his stock in us. Any such sale will only be made in compliance with the securities laws of the United States and any applicable
state. 

It
is anticipated that any securities issued in any such acquisition would be issued in reliance upon exemption from registration under
application federal and state securities laws. In some circumstances, as a negotiated element of the transaction, we may agree to register
all or a part of such securities immediately after the transaction is consummated or at specified times thereafter. If such registration
occurs, it will be undertaken by the surviving entity after it has successfully consummated a merger or acquisition and is no longer
considered an inactive company. 

The
issuance of substantial additional securities and their potential sale into any trading market which may develop in our securities may
have a depressive effect on the value of our securities in the future. There is no assurance that such a trading market will develop. 

While
the actual terms of a transaction cannot be predicted, it is expected that the parties to any business transaction will find it desirable
to avoid the creation of a taxable event and thereby structure the business transaction in a so-called tax-free reorganization
under Sections 368(a)(1) or 351 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code ). In order to obtain tax-free treatment under the
Code, it may be necessary for the owner of the acquired business to own 80 or more of the voting stock of the surviving entity. In such
event, our stockholders would retain less than 20 of the issued and outstanding shares of the surviving entity. This would result in
significant dilution in the equity of our stockholders. 

As
part of our investigation, we expect to meet personally with management and key personnel, visit and inspect material facilities, obtain
independent analysis of verification of certain information provided, check references of management and key personnel, and take other
reasonable investigative measures, to the extent of our limited financial resources and management expertise. The manner in which we
participate in an opportunity will depend on the nature of the opportunity, the respective needs and desires of both parties, and the
management of the opportunity. 

With
respect to any merger or acquisition, and depending upon, among other things, the target company s assets and liabilities, our
stockholders will in all likelihood hold a substantially lesser percentage ownership interest in us following any merger or acquisition.
The percentage ownership may be subject to significant reduction in the event we acquire a target company with assets and expectations
of growth. Any merger or acquisition can be expected to have a significant dilutive effect on the percentage of shares held by our stockholders. 

We
will participate in a business opportunity only after the negotiation and execution of appropriate written business agreements. Although
the terms of such agreements cannot be predicted, generally we anticipate that such agreements will (i) require specific representations
and warranties by all of the parties; (ii) specify certain events of default; (iii) detail the terms of closing and the conditions which
must be satisfied by each of the parties prior to and after such closing; (iv) outline the manner of bearing costs, including costs associated
with the Company s attorneys and accountants; (v) set forth remedies on defaults; and (vi) include miscellaneous other terms. 

7 

As
stated above, we will not acquire or merge with any entity which cannot provide independent audited financial statements within a reasonable
period of time after closing of the proposed transaction. If such audited financial statements are not available at closing, or within
time parameters necessary to ensure our compliance within the requirements of the 1934 Act, or if the audited financial statements
provided do not conform to the representations made by that business to be acquired, the definitive closing documents will provide that
the proposed transaction will be voidable, at the discretion of our present management. If such transaction is voided, the definitive
closing documents will also contain a provision providing for reimbursement for our costs associated with the proposed transaction. 

There
are no guarantees that we will be successful in Closing any additional acquisitions or mergers. 

Competition 

We
believe we are an insignificant participant among the firms, which engage in the acquisition of business opportunities. There are many
established venture capital and financial concerns that have significantly greater financial and personnel resources and technical expertise
than we have. In view of our limited financial resources and limited management availability, we will continue to be at a significant
competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors. 

In
reference to our subsidiary 911 Help Now 911 ), the Personal Emergency Response marketplace
is a large and fragmented market, which has many competitors with larger financial resources than us. Our differentiating factor in this
space is our no monthly fee sales model. At present, we own no intellectual property within our 911 subsidiary. In order to generate
future revenue within 911, we will need to identify and either acquire or license intellectual property. In the event of an acquisition,
we will then need to either develop products utilizing our intellectual property or license out our intellectual property to a third
party. There is no guarantee that we will be successful with an acquisition or licensing of any intellectual property. 

In
reference to our subsidiary HMNRTH HMNRTH ), the
market for the sale of CBD-based products is fragmented and intensely competitive. Currently, in the United States, we do not believe
that there are any businesses that can demonstrate or claim a dominant market share of the growing CBD products market. Our
competitors in the retail location sales of CBD-based products include Green Roads, PlusCBD, and Select CBD, and in the digital
space include Diamond CBD, CBDistillery, and Lazarus Natural. We expect that the quantity and composition of the competitive environment
will continue to evolve as the industry matures and new customers enter the marketplace. In order for the Company to generate revenue
through HMNRTH, we will need to: (i) produce additional inventory for retail sales through the Company s ecommerce site or sales,
or (ii) sales to third party distributors, or (iii) direct sales to brick and mortar CBD retail outlets, or (iv) generate additional
CBD formulas to be utilized in new products At present, the Company does not have the required capital to move forward with any of the
options and there is no guarantee that we will be able to raise the required funds. 

In
reference to our newly formed business operation through our subsidiary Markets on Main MOM ), the Company s goal
is to become a leader in sales and distribution of entrepreneur driven products, in a highly competitive industry. We compete with companies
from all industries, some of which have substantially more resources, stronger name recognition, and longer operating histories than
us, and which benefit from greater economies of scale. 

We
target products that leverage some sort of intellectual property that we may own or license from the entrepreneurs. Under the Company s
business plan, we anticipate that certain of our licensors will have reserved the right to manufacture, distribute and sell similar or
identical products. Some of these products could directly compete with our products and could be sold to our customers or directly to
consumers at lower prices than those at which our products are sold. Our competitors for MOM include Funko, Inc. and Edison Nation, Inc.
to name a few. We anticipate generating revenue through MOM during the current fiscal quarter through our fulfillment relationships with
QVC and TBD Safety. 

Investment
Company Act 1940 

Although
we will be subject to regulation under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the 1934 Act, we believe we will not be subject to
regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the 1940 Act insofar as we will not be engaged in the business of
investing or trading in securities. In the event we engage in business combinations that result in us holding passive investment interests
in a number of entities, we could be subject to regulation under the 1940 Act. In such event, we would be required to register as an
investment company and incur significant registration and compliance costs. We have obtained no formal determination from the SEC as
to our status under the 1940 Act and, consequently, any violation of the 1940 Act would subject us to material adverse consequences.
We believe that, currently, we are exempt under Regulation 3a-2 of the 1940 Act. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
own no intellectual property. 

Corporate Information 

Our principal executive offices are located at
501 1 st Ave N., Suite 901, St. Petersburg, FL 33701. Our telephone number is (727) 482-1505. 

Available Information 

Our website, www.globaltechnologiesltd.info , provides
access, without charge, to our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments
to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The information provided on our website is not part of this Annual Report and is therefore not incorporated by reference
unless such information is otherwise specifically referenced elsewhere in this Annual Report. The SEC also maintains a website at www.sec.gov
that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding our company that we file electronically with
the SEC. 

Factors
Effecting Future Performance 

Rather
than an operating business, our goal is to obtain debt and/or equity financing to meet our ongoing operating expenses and attempt to
merge with another entity with experienced management and opportunities for growth in return for shares of our common stock to create
value for our shareholders. 

Although
there is no assurance that this series of events will be successfully completed, we believe we can successfully complete an acquisition
or merger which will enable us to continue as a going concern. Any acquisition or merger will most likely be dilutive to our existing
stockholders. 

The
factors affecting our future performance are listed and explained below under the section Risk Factors below: 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

You
should carefully consider the risks described below and other information in this prospectus, including the financial statements and
related notes that appear at the end of this prospectus, before deciding to invest in our securities. These risks should be considered
in conjunction with any other information included herein, including in conjunction with forward-looking statements made herein. If any
of the following risks actually occur, they could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results or
prospects. Additional risks and uncertainties that we do not presently know or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our
business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 

8 

Risks
Relating to Our Company 

We
have incurred significant losses and anticipate future losses. 

As
of June 30, 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of 165,166,022 and a stockholders deficit of approximately 1,045,063. 

Future
losses are likely to occur as, until we are able to merge with another entity with experienced management and opportunities for growth
in return for shares of our common stock to create value for our shareholders as we have no sources of income to meet our operating expenses.
As a result of these, among other factors, we received from our registered independent public accountants in their report for the financial
statements for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, an explanatory paragraph stating that there is substantial doubt
about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our
existing financial resources are insufficient to meet our ongoing operating expenses. 

We
have no sources of income at this time and no existing cash balances to meet our ongoing operating expenses. In the short term, unless
we are able to raise additional debt and/or equity we shall be unable to meet our ongoing operating expenses. On a longer-term basis,
we intend to raise the debt and/or equity to meet our ongoing operating expenses and merge with another entity with experienced management
and opportunities for growth in return for shares of our common stock to create value for our shareholders. There can be no assurance
that this series of events will be successfully completed. 

9 

Scarcity
of, and competition for, business opportunities and combinations. 

We
believe we are an insignificant participant among the firms which engage in the acquisition of business opportunities. There are many
established venture capital and financial concerns that have significantly greater financial and personnel resources and technical expertise
than we have. Nearly all such entities have significantly greater financial resources, technical expertise and managerial capabilities
than us and, consequently, we will be at a competitive disadvantage in identifying possible business opportunities and successfully completing
a business combination. Moreover, we will also compete in seeking merger or acquisition candidates with numerous other small public companies.
In view of our limited financial resources and limited management availability, we will continue to be at a significant competitive disadvantage
compared to our competitors. 

We
may be negatively affected by adverse general economic conditions. 

Current
conditions in domestic and global economies are extremely uncertain. Adverse changes may occur as a result of softening global economies,
wavering consumer confidence caused by the threat of terrorism and war, and other factors capable of affecting economic conditions. Such
changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Because
our principal shareholder controls our activities, he may cause us to act in a manner that is most beneficial to himself and not to other
shareholders which could cause us not to take actions that outside investors might view favorably. 

Our
principal shareholder, our sole officer and director, has voting authority for ninety six percent (96 of our outstanding common stock.
As a result, he effectively controls all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors, the approval of
significant corporate transactions, such as mergers and related party transaction. These insiders also have the ability to delay or perhaps
even block, by their ownership of our stock, an unsolicited tender offer. This concentration of ownership could have the effect of delaying,
deterring or preventing a change in control of our company that you might view favorably. 

Our
director may have conflicts of interest which may not be resolved favorably to us. 

Certain
conflicts of interest may exist between our sole director and us. Our sole Director has other business interests to which he devotes
his attention and may be expected to continue to do so although management time should be devoted to our business. As a result, conflicts
of interest may arise that can be resolved only through exercise of such judgment as is consistent with fiduciary duties to us. See Directors
and Executive Officers (page 31 below), and Conflicts of Interest (page 32 below). 

We
may depend upon outside consultants/advisors; who may not be available on reasonable terms and as needed . 

To
supplement the business experience of our officers and directors, we may be required to employ accountants, technical experts, appraisers,
attorneys, or other consultants or advisors. Our Board without any input from stockholders will make the selection of any such advisors.
Furthermore, it is anticipated that such persons may be engaged on an as needed basis without a continuing fiduciary or
other obligation to us. In the event we consider it necessary to hire outside advisors, we may elect to hire persons who are affiliates,
if they are able to provide the required services. 

10 

We
may not be able to meet the filing and internal control reporting requirements imposed by the Securities and Exchange Commission, which
may result in a decline in the price of our common shares and an inability to obtain future financing. 

As
directed by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as amended by SEC Release No. 33-8934 on June 26, 2008, the SEC adopted rules requiring
each public company to include a report of management on the company s internal controls over financial reporting in its annual
reports. In addition, the independent registered public accounting firm auditing a company s financial statements may have to also
attest to and report on management s assessment of the effectiveness of the company s internal controls over financial reporting.
We may be required to include a report of management on its internal control over financial reporting. The internal control report must
include a statement 

Of
 management s responsibility for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over its financial reporting; 

Of
 management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of year-end; and 

Of
 the framework used by management to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 

Furthermore,
our independent registered public accounting firm may be required to file its attestation on whether it believes that we have maintained,
in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting. 

While
we expect to expend significant resources in developing the necessary documentation and testing procedures required by Section 404 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, there is a risk that we may not be able to comply timely with all of the requirements imposed by this rule. In
the event that we are unable to receive a positive attestation from our independent registered public accounting firm with respect to
our internal controls, investors and others may lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements and our stock price and
ability to obtain equity or debt financing as needed could suffer. 

In
addition, in the event that our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to rely on our internal controls in connection
with its audit of our financial statements, and in the further event that it is unable to devise alternative procedures in order to satisfy
itself as to the material accuracy of our financial statements and related disclosures, it is possible that we would be unable to file
our Annual Report on Form 10-K with the SEC, which could also adversely affect the market price of our common stock and our ability to
secure additional financing as needed. 

Reporting
requirements under the Exchange Act and compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, including establishing and maintaining acceptable
internal controls over financial reporting, are costly and may increase substantially. 

The
rules and regulations of the SEC require a public company to prepare and file periodic reports under the Exchange Act, which will require
that the Company engage legal, accounting, auditing and other professional services. The engagement of such services is costly. Additionally,
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we design, implement and maintain
adequate internal controls and procedures over financial reporting. The costs of complying with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the limited
technically qualified personnel we have may make it difficult for us to design, implement and maintain adequate internal controls over
financial reporting. In the event that we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls or discover material weaknesses in
our internal controls, we may not be able to produce reliable financial reports or report fraud, which may harm our overall financial
condition and result in loss of investor confidence and a decline in our share price. 

11 

As
a public company, we will be subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Act of
2010 and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Despite recent reforms made possible by the JOBS Act, compliance with these
rules and regulations will nonetheless increase our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming
or costly and increase demand on our systems and resources. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly,
and current reports with respect to our business and operating results. 

We
are working with our legal, accounting and financial advisors to identify those areas in which changes should be made to our financial
and management control systems to manage our growth and our obligations as a public company. These areas include corporate governance,
corporate control, disclosure controls and procedures and financial reporting and accounting systems. We have made, and will continue
to make, changes in these and other areas. However, we anticipate that the expenses that will be required in order to adequately prepare
for being a public company could be material. We estimate that the aggregate cost of increased legal services; accounting and audit functions;
personnel, such as a chief financial officer familiar with the obligations of public company reporting; consultants to design and implement
internal controls; and financial printing alone will be a few hundred thousand dollars per year and could be several hundred thousand
dollars per year. In addition, if and when we retain independent directors and/or additional members of senior management, we may incur
additional expenses related to director compensation and/or premiums for directors and officers liability insurance, the
costs of which we cannot estimate at this time. We may also incur additional expenses associated with investor relations and similar
functions, the cost of which we also cannot estimate at this time. However, these additional expenses individually, or in the aggregate,
may also be material. 

In
addition, being a public company could make it more difficult or more costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including directors 
and officers liability insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher
costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. The impact of these events could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain
qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as executive officers. 

The
increased costs associated with operating as a public company may decrease our net income or increase our net loss and may cause us to
reduce costs in other areas of our business or increase the prices of our products or services to offset the effect of such increased
costs. Additionally, if these requirements divert our management s attention from other business concerns, they could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
have material weakness in our controls and procedures. 

We
have conducted an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations for the Treadway Commission COSO and published in
2013, and subsequent guidance prepared by COSO specifically for smaller public companies. Based on that evaluation, management concluded
that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of June 30, 2021 and 2020 for the reasons discussed
below: 

Management
identified the following material weakness and significant deficiencies in its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting as of June 30, 2021: 

The
 Company did not maintain effective controls over certain aspects of the financial reporting process because we lacked personnel with
 accounting expertise and an adequate supervisory review structure that is commensurate with our financial reporting requirements. 

Material
 Weakness Inadequate segregation of duties. 

The
management of the Company believes that these material weaknesses will remain until such time that the Company has the resources to increase
the number of personnel committed to the performance of its financial duties that such weaknesses can be specifically addressed. This
will include, but not limited to, the following: 

Hiring
 of additional personnel to adequately segregate financial reporting duties. 

The
 retention of outside consultants to review our controls and procedures 

A
significant deficiency is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting, that adversely affects
the entity s ability to initiate, authorize, record, process, or report financial data reliably in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles such that there is more than a remote likelihood that a misstatement of the entity s financial statements
that is more than inconsequential will not be prevented or detected by the entity s internal control. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency or a combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting such that there
is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. 

12 

General
Business Risks 

Conflicts
of interest may arise from other business activities of our directors and officers. 

Our
sole officer and director, Jimmy Wayne Anderson, currently serves in the role as President and Chairman of another publicly traded entity,
Sylios Corp (a fully-reporting company UNGS on the OTC Markets PINK ). Mr. Anderson also serves as the President
and Chairman of AMDAQ Corp, a spin-off of Sylios Corp. As such, Mr. Anderson may not be able to dedicate the required time to the Company
to further its operations. 

We
are highly dependent on the services of key executives, the loss of whom could materially harm our business and our strategic direction.
If we lose key management or significant personnel, cannot recruit qualified employees, directors, officers, or other personnel or experience
increases in our compensation costs, our business may materially suffer. 

We
are highly dependent on our management team, specifically Jimmy Wayne Anderson, who we currently anticipate will be able to devote 10-15
hours per week to the Company s operations. If we lose key employees, our business may suffer. Furthermore, our future success
will also depend in part on the continued service of our management personnel and our ability to identify, hire, and retain additional
key personnel. We do not carry key-man life insurance on the lives of any of our executives, employees or advisors. We
experience intense competition for qualified personnel and may be unable to attract and retain the personnel necessary for the development
of our business. Because of this competition, our compensation costs may increase significantly. 

We
will need to raise additional capital to continue operations over the coming year. 

We
anticipate the need to raise approximately 1,000,000 in capital to fund our operations through June 30, 2022. We expect to use
these cash proceeds, primarily to identify new business opportunities and possible acquisitions. We cannot guarantee that we will be
able to raise these required funds or generate sufficient revenue to remain operational. 

We
may be unable to manage growth, which may impact our potential profitability. 

Successful
implementation of our business strategy requires us to manage our growth. Growth could place an increasing strain on our management and
financial resources. To manage growth effectively, we will need to: 

Establish
 definitive business strategies, goals and objectives; 

Maintain
 a system of management controls; and 

Attract
 and retain qualified personnel, as well as, develop, train and manage management-level and other employees. 

If
we fail to manage our growth effectively, our business, financial condition or operating results could be materially harmed, and our
stock price may decline. 

13 

Our
lack of adequate D O insurance may also make it difficult for us to retain and attract talented and skilled directors and officers. 

We
may in the future be subject to additional litigation, including potential class action and stockholder derivative actions. Risks associated
with legal liability are difficult to assess and quantify, and their existence and magnitude can remain unknown for significant periods
of time. To date, we have not obtained directors and officers liability D O insurance. While neither Delaware law
nor our Articles of Incorporation or bylaws require us to indemnify or advance expenses to our officers and directors involved in such
a legal action, we have entered into an indemnification agreement with our President and intend to enter into similar agreements with
other officers and directors in the future. Without adequate D O insurance, the amounts we would pay to indemnify our officers and
directors should they be subject to legal action based on their service to the Company could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition, results of operations and liquidity. Furthermore, our lack of adequate D O insurance may make it difficult for us to retain
and attract talented and skilled directors and officers, which could adversely affect our business. 

If
we are unable to maintain effective internal control over our financial reporting, the reputational effects could materially adversely
affect our business. 

Under
the provisions of Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended by the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act of 2010, the SEC adopted rules requiring public companies to perform an evaluation of Internal Control over Financial Reporting (Internal
Controls) and to report on our evaluation in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Internal Controls constitute a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with
GAAP. In the event we discover material weakness in our internal controls and our remediation of such reported material weakness is ineffective,
or if in the future we are unable to maintain effective Internal Controls, additional resulting material restatements could occur, regulatory
actions could be taken, and a resulting loss of investor confidence in the reliability of our financial statements could occur. 

We
expect to incur substantial expenses to meet our reporting obligations as a public company. In addition, failure to maintain adequate
financial and management processes and controls could lead to errors in our financial reporting and could harm our ability to manage
our expenses. 

We
estimate that it will cost approximately 50,000 annually to maintain the proper management and financial controls for our filings required
as a public reporting company. In addition, if we do not maintain adequate financial and management personnel, processes and controls,
we may not be able to accurately report our financial performance on a timely basis, which could cause a decline in our stock price and
adversely affect our ability to raise capital. 

If
the registration of our common stock is revoked in the future, our business opportunities will cease to exist. 

In
the event our securities registration was to be revoked, we would not have the ability to raise money through the issuance of shares
and would lose the ability to continue the business plan set out in this filing. Common stock issued and outstanding at that time would
no longer be tradable. 

Our
business operations have been and may continue to be materially and adversely affected by the outbreak of the novel respiratory illness
coronavirus COVID-19 ). 

On
March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of the novel respiratory illness COVID-19 a pandemic. The new strain
of COVID-19 is considered to be highly contagious and poses a serious public health threat. 

Any
outbreak of such epidemic illness or other adverse public health developments may materially and adversely affect the global economy,
our markets and our business. 

We
cannot foresee whether the outbreak of COVID-19 will be effectively contained, nor can we predict the severity and duration of its impact.
If the outbreak of COVID-19 is not effectively and timely controlled, our business operations and financial condition may be materially
and adversely affected as a result of the deteriorating market outlook for retail and online sales, the slowdown in regional and national
economic growth, weakened liquidity and financial condition of our customers or other factors that we cannot foresee. Any of these factors
and other factors beyond our control could have an adverse effect on the overall business environment, cause uncertainties in the regions
where we conduct business, cause our business to suffer in ways that we cannot predict and materially and adversely impact our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
ability to use our net operating loss carry-forwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 

We
have incurred substantial losses during our history. To the extent that we continue to generate taxable losses, unused losses will carry
forward to offset future taxable income, if any, until such unused losses expire. Under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, generally defined as a greater than 50 change
(by value) in its equity ownership over a three-year period, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss
carry-forwards, or NOLs, and other pre-change tax attributes (such as research tax credits) to offset its post-change income may be limited.
We may experience ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership. As a result, if we earn net
taxable income, our ability to use our pre-change net operating loss carry-forwards to offset U.S. federal taxable income may be subject
to limitations, which could potentially result in increased future tax liability to us. In addition, at the state level, there may be
periods during which the use of NOLs is suspended or otherwise limited, which could accelerate or permanently increase state taxes owed. 

14 

Risks
Associated with Our Subsidiary, HMNRTH, LLC 

All
strains of cannabis other than hemp remain illegal under Federal law. 

Despite
the development of a legal cannabis industry under the laws of certain states and the legalization of hemp under the Agriculture Improvement
Act of 2018, the state laws legalizing medical and adult cannabis use are in conflict with the Federal Controlled Substances Act, which
classifies cannabis as a Schedule-I controlled substance and makes cannabis use and possession illegal on a national level.
The United States Supreme Court has ruled that the Federal government has the right to regulate and criminalize cannabis, even for medical
purposes, and thus Federal law criminalizing the use of cannabis preempts state laws that legalize its use. However, the Obama Administration
determined that it is not an efficient use of resources to direct Federal law enforcement agencies to prosecute those lawfully abiding
by state laws allowing the use and distribution of medical and recreational cannabis. There is no guarantee that the current or any future
Administration will not change the Federal government s stated policy regarding the low-priority enforcement of Federal laws in
states where cannabis has been legalized. Any such change in the Federal government s enforcement of Federal laws could cause significant
financial damage to us and our shareholders. 

We
recently entered the CBD Market and as a result, we are subject to numerous potential regulatory matters, which could negatively impact
our operations. 

The
Drug Enforcement Administration DEA which enforces the controlled substances laws of the United States has issued various
rules and announcements concerning various items considered to be marijuana extracts which may encompass Cannabinoids. The uncertainty
involves the extent to which the DEA will try to restrict the marketing or distribution of hemp finished/CBD products which we manufacture
and distribute. If the DEA or other government agency were to take any action concerning our CBD products, it would have a negative impact
on our revenues and financial condition. 

Because
we are subject to numerous laws and regulations, we could incur substantial costs. 

The
manufacture, labeling and distribution of our products is regulated by various federal, state and local agencies. These governmental
authorities may commence regulatory or legal proceedings, which could restrict the permissible scope of our product claims or the ability
to sell our products in the future. The FDA regulates our nutraceutical and wellness products to ensure that the products are not adulterated
or misbranded. 

We
are subject to additional regulation as a result of our CBD products. The shifting compliance environment and the need to build and maintain
robust systems to comply with different compliance in multiple jurisdictions increase the possibility that we may violate one or more
of the requirements. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of such laws or any other governmental regulations that apply
to us, we may be subject to penalties, including, without limitation, civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, the curtailment or
restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. 

Failure
to comply with FDA requirements may result in, among other things, injunctions, product withdrawals, recalls, product seizures, fines
and criminal prosecutions. Our advertising is subject to regulation by the FTC under the FTCA. Additionally, some states also permit
advertising and labeling laws to be enforced by private attorney generals, who may seek relief for consumers, seek class action certifications,
seek class wide damages and product recalls of products sold by us. Any actions against us by governmental authorities or private litigants
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Laws
and regulations affecting the medical marijuana industry are constantly changing, which could detrimentally affect our proposed operations. 

Local,
state and federal medical marijuana laws and regulations are broad in scope and subject to evolving interpretations, which could require
us to incur substantial costs associated with compliance or alter our business plan. In addition, violations of these laws, or allegations
of such violations, could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our operations. In addition, it is possible
that regulations may be enacted in the future that will be directly applicable to our proposed business. We cannot predict the nature
of any future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, nor can we determine what effect additional governmental regulations
or administrative policies and procedures, when and if promulgated, could have on our business. 

Until
we have developed and launched our products at commercial levels, there is uncertainty of market acceptance and the efficacy of the commercialization
strategy. 

While
we have launched the sale of our CBD products on our ecommerce website, natural, hemp-based consumer products are new to the marketplace and it is not yet determined whether such products will gain consumer acceptance. Until we have consistent, proven sales,
there is uncertainty of product acceptance in the intended markets and our ability to commercialize our products. As with any
transformational product, there will be a time before customers embrace the product and recognize its full value. If there are no,
or only low levels of, product acceptance and sales, we may have to alter our business plan. As is typical of any new business
concept, demand and market acceptance for newly introduced products and services is subject to great uncertainty. Achieving market
acceptance will require us to undertake substantial marketing efforts and to make significant expenditures to create awareness of
and demand for our products. We have limited marketing experience and limited financial, personnel and other resources to undertake
extensive marketing activities. Our efforts will be subject to all of the risks associated with the commercialization of new
products, including unanticipated delays, expenses and the evolution of industry standards. There can be no assurance that markets
for our products will not be limited, or that our strategies will result in successful product commercialization or in initial or
continued market acceptance for our products. 

Due
to controversy over the cannabis plant within the United States, we face challenges getting our products into stores. 

Some
of our products are intended for ingestion purposes. There are potential significant health benefits to consuming hemp-based products,
however, all products derived from the cannabis plant are controversial. Our products contain only trace amounts of THC and are below
the legal limit for ingestion within the U.S. However, we anticipate that we may face scrutiny and experience resistance in getting our
products into stores due to hesitation by food chains to carry any product even affiliated with the cannabis plant. 

15 

We
face substantial risk of product liability claims and potential adverse product publicity . 

Like
any other retailer, distributor or manufacturer of products that are designed to be ingested, we face an inherent risk of exposure to
product liability claims in the event that the use of our products results in injury. In the event we do not have adequate insurance
or contractual indemnification, product liability claims could have a material adverse effect on the Company. The Company is not currently
a named defendant in any product liability lawsuit; however, other manufacturers and distributors of nutritional supplements currently
are or have been named as defendants in such lawsuits. The successful assertion or settlement of any uninsured claim, a significant number
of insured claims, or a claim exceeding the Company s insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

Government
regulation of cannabis and hemp is constantly evolving, and unfavorable developments could have an adverse effect on our operating results. 

Any
changes in laws or regulations relating to cannabis and hemp could adversely affect our business, results of operations and our business
prospects. 

Risks
Associated with Our Subsidiary, Markets on Main, LLC 

An
inability to develop and introduce products in a timely and cost-effective manner may damage our business. 

Our
sales and profitability depend on our ability to bring products to market to meet customer demands and before consumers begin to lose
interest in a given property. There is no guarantee that we will be able to manufacture, source and ship new or continuing products in
a timely manner and on a cost-effective basis to meet constantly changing consumer demands. This risk is heightened by our customers 
increasingly compressed shipping schedules and the seasonality of our business. Moreover, unforeseen delays or difficulties in the development
process, significant increases in the planned cost of development, manufacturing delays or changes in anticipated consumer demand for
our products and new brands may cause the introduction date for products to be later than anticipated, may reduce or eliminate the profitability
of such products or, in some situations, may cause a product or new brand introduction to be discontinued. 

Our
success will depend on the reliability and performance of third-party distributors, manufacturers and suppliers. 

We
compete with other companies for the production capacity of third-party suppliers for components. Certain of these competing companies
have substantially greater financial and other resources than we have, and we may be at a competitive disadvantage in seeking to procure
production capacity. Our inability to contract with third-party manufacturers and suppliers to provide a sufficient supply of our products
on acceptable terms and on a timely basis could negatively impact our relationships with existing customers and cause us to lose revenue-generating
opportunities with potential customers. We also rely on operators and distributors to market and distribute our products. If our operators
or distributors are unsuccessful, we may miss revenue-generating opportunities that might otherwise have been recognized. 

We
are increasingly dependent on information technology, and potential cyberattacks, security problems or other disruption and expanding
social media vehicles present new risks. 

We
rely on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and
to manage or support a variety of business processes, including financial transactions and records, billing and operating data. We may
purchase some of our information technology from vendors, on whom our systems will depend, and we rely on commercially available systems,
software, tools and monitoring to provide security for processing, transmission and storage of confidential operator and other customer
information. We depend upon the secure transmission of this information over public networks. Our networks and storage applications could
be subject to unauthorized access by hackers or others through cyberattacks, which are rapidly evolving and becoming increasingly sophisticated,
or by other means, or may be breached due to operator error, malfeasance or other system disruptions. In some cases, it will be difficult
to anticipate or immediately detect such incidents and the damage they cause. Any significant breakdown, invasion, destruction, interruption
or leakage of information from our systems could harm our reputation and business. 

In
addition, the use of social media could cause us to suffer brand damage or information leakage. Negative posts or comments about us on
any social networking website could damage our or our brands reputations. Employees or others might disclose non-public sensitive
information relating to our business through external media channels, including through the use of social media. The continuing evolution
of social media will present us with new challenges and risks. 

16 

Defects
in products we develop internally or for clients could reduce our revenue, increase our costs, burden our engineering and marketing resources,
involve us in litigation and adversely affect us. 

Our
success will depend on our ability to avoid, detect and correct defects in our products. We may not be able to maintain products that
are free from defects. Although we have taken steps to prevent defects, our products could suffer such defects. The occurrence of such
defects or malfunctions could result in physical harm to the patrons of our customers and the subsequent termination of agreements, cancellation
of orders, product returns and diversion of our resources. Even if our customers do not suffer financial losses, customers may replace
our products if they do not perform according to expectations. Any of these occurrences could also result in the loss of or delay in
market acceptance of our products and/or loss of sales. In addition, the occurrence of defects in our products may give rise to claims
for lost revenues and related litigation by our customers and may subject us to investigation or other disciplinary action by regulatory
authorities that could include suspension or revocation of our ability to do business in certain jurisdictions. 

Our
success depends, in part, on our ability to successfully manage our future inventories. 

We
must maintain sufficient inventory levels to operate our business successfully, but we must also avoid accumulating excess inventory,
which increases working capital needs and lowers gross margin. We must typically order our CBD products well in advance of the time these
products will be offered for sale to our customers. As a result, it may be difficult to respond to changes in consumer preferences and
market conditions, which, for pop culture products, can change rapidly. If we do not accurately anticipate the popularity of certain
products, then we may not have sufficient inventory to meet demand. Alternatively, if demand or future sales do not reach forecasted
levels, we could have excess inventory that we may need to hold for a long period of time, write down, sell at prices lower than expected
or discard. If we are not successful in managing our inventory, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be
adversely affected. 

We
may also be negatively affected by changes in retailers inventory policies and practices. As a result of the desire of retailers
to more closely manage inventory levels, there is a growing trend to make purchases on a just-in-time basis. This requires
us to more closely anticipate demand and could require us to carry additional inventory. Policies and practices of individual retailers
may adversely affect us as well, including those relating to access to and time on shelf space, price demands, payment terms and favoring
the products of our competitors. Our retail customers make no binding long-term commitments to us regarding purchase volumes and make
all purchases by delivering purchase orders. Any retailer can therefore freely reduce its overall purchase of our products, including
the number and variety of our products that it carries, and reduce the shelf space allotted for our products. If demand or future sales
do not reach forecasted levels, we could have excess inventory that we may need to hold for a long period of time, write down, sell at
prices lower than expected or discard. If we are not successful in managing our inventory, our business, financial condition and results
of operations could be adversely affected. 

An
inability to develop and introduce products in a timely and cost-effective manner may damage our business. 

Our
sales and profitability for our CBD products depend on our ability to bring products to market to meet customer demands before consumers
begin to lose interest in a given property. There is no guarantee that we will be able to source our manufacturing and ship new or continuing
products in a timely manner or on a cost-effective basis to meet constantly changing consumer demands. This risk is heightened by our
customers increasingly compressed shipping schedules and the seasonality of our business. These time constraints may lead our
customers to reduce their demand for these products in order to minimize their inventory risk. Moreover, unforeseen delays or difficulties
in the development process, significant increases in the planned cost of development, manufacturing or distribution delays or changes
in anticipated consumer demand for our products and new brands, or the related third party content, may cause the introduction date for
new CBD products to be later than anticipated, may reduce or eliminate the profitability of such products or, in some situations, may
cause a product or new brand introduction to be discontinued. 

Risk
to Our Common Stock 

If
we fail to remain current on our reporting requirements, we could be removed from the OTC Bulletin Board which would limit the ability
of broker-dealers to sell our securities in the secondary market. 

Companies
trading on the Over the Counter Bulletin Board must be reporting issuers under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, and must be current in their reports under Section 13, in order to maintain price quotation privileges on the OTC Bulletin Board.
As a result, the market liquidity for our securities could be severely adversely affected by limiting the ability of broker-dealers to
sell our securities and the ability of stockholders to sell their securities
in the secondary market. In addition, we may be unable to get relisted on the OTC Bulletin Board, which may have an adverse material
effect on the Company. 

Restrictions
on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies 

Rule
144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell
companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to
this prohibition if the following conditions are met: 

the
 issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; 

the
 issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

the
 issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and materials required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding
 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports
 on Form 8-K; and 

at
 least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status
 as an entity that is not a shell company. 

At
the present time, the Company is not classified as a shell company under Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

17 

We
do not expect to pay dividends in the future; any return on investment may be limited to the value of our common stock. 

We
do not currently anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends on our common stock will depend
on earnings, financial condition and other business and economic factors affecting it at such time as the board of directors may consider
relevant. Our current intention is to apply net earnings, if any, in the foreseeable future to increasing our capital base and development
and marketing efforts. There can be no assurance that the Company will ever have sufficient earnings to declare and pay dividends to
the holders of our common stock, and in any event, a decision to declare and pay dividends is at the sole discretion of our board of
directors. If we do not pay dividends, our common stock may be less valuable because a return on your investment will only occur if its
stock price appreciates. 

Authorization
of preferred stock. 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock with designations, rights and preferences
determined from time to time by its Board of Directors. Accordingly, our Board of Directors is empowered, without stockholder approval,
to issue preferred stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting, or other rights which could adversely affect the voting power
or other rights of the holders of the common stock. On July 16, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors approved the designation
of two new series of preferred stock, Series K Super Voting Preferred Stock (3 shares authorized) and Series L Preferred Stock
(500,000 shares authorized). 

At
present, we have authorized 5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock with 258 and 13 shares outstanding at June 30, 2021
and 2020, respectively. In the event of issuance of additional shares, the preferred stock could be utilized, under certain
circumstances, as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company. Please see NOTE
I - CAPITAL STOCK for further information. 

The
market price for our common stock may be particularly volatile given our status as a relatively unknown company, with a limited operating
history and lack of profits which could lead to wide fluctuations in our share price. You may be unable to sell your common stock at
or above your purchase price, which may result in substantial losses to you. 

Our
stock price may be particularly volatile when compared to the shares of larger, more established companies that trade on a national securities
exchange and have large public floats. The volatility in our share price will be attributable to a number of factors. First, our common
stock will be compared to the shares of such larger, more established companies, sporadically and thinly traded. As a consequence of
this limited liquidity, the trading of relatively small quantities of shares by our shareholders may disproportionately influence the
price of those shares in either direction. The price for our shares could decline precipitously in the event that a large number of shares
of our common stock are sold on the market without commensurate demand. Second, we are a speculative or risky investment
due to our limited operating history and lack of profits to date, and uncertainty of future market acceptance for our potential products.
As a consequence of this enhanced risk, more risk-adverse investors may, under the fear of losing all or most of their investment in
the event of negative news or lack of progress, be more inclined to sell their shares on the market more quickly and at greater discounts
than would be the case with the stock of a larger, more established company that trades on a national securities exchange and has a large
public float. Many of these factors are beyond our control and may decrease the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating
performance. We cannot make any predictions or projections as to what the prevailing market price for our common stock will be at any
time. Moreover, the OTC Bulletin Board is not a liquid market in contrast to the major stock exchanges. We cannot assure you as to the
liquidity or the future market prices of our common stock if a market does develop. If an active market for our common stock does not
develop, the fair market value of our common stock could be materially adversely affected. 

Existing
stockholders will experience significant dilution from our sale of shares under potential Securities Purchase Agreements. 

The
sale of shares pursuant to any Securities Purchase Agreements executed by the Company in the future will have a dilutive impact on our
stockholders. As a result, the market price of our common stock could decline significantly, as we sell shares pursuant to the Securities
Purchase Agreement. In addition, for any particular advance, we will need to issue a greater number of shares of common stock under the
Securities Purchase Agreement as our stock price declines. If our stock price is lower, then our existing stockholders would experience
greater dilution. 

The
Company May Issue Shares of Preferred Stock with Greater Rights than Common Stock. 

The
Company s charter authorizes the Board of Directors to issue one or more series of preferred stock and set the terms of the preferred
stock without seeking any further approval from holders of the Company s common stock. Any preferred stock that is issued may rank
ahead of the Company s common stock in terms of dividends, priority and liquidation premiums and may have greater voting rights
than the Company s common stock. 

18 

Being
a Public Company Significantly Increases the Company s Administrative Costs. 

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as rules subsequently implemented by the SEC and listing requirements subsequently adopted by the
NYSE Amex in response to Sarbanes-Oxley, have required changes in corporate governance practices, internal control policies and audit
committee practices of public companies. Although the Company is a relatively small public company, these rules, regulations, and requirements
for the most part apply to the same extent as they apply to all major publicly traded companies. As a result, they have significantly
increased the Company s legal, financial, compliance and administrative costs, and have made certain other activities more time
consuming and costly, as well as requiring substantial time and attention of our senior management. The Company expects its continued
compliance with these and future rules and regulations to continue to require significant resources. These rules and regulations also
may make it more difficult and more expensive for the Company to obtain director and officer liability insurance in the future and could
make it more difficult for it to attract and retain qualified members for the Company s Board of Directors, particularly to serve
on its audit committee. 

Our
shares are subject to the U.S. Penny Stock Rules and investors who purchase our shares may have difficulty re-selling their
shares as the liquidity of the market for our shares may be adversely affected by the impact of the Penny Stock Rules. 

Our
stock is subject to U.S. Penny Stock rules, which may make the stock more difficult to trade on the open market. Our common
shares are not currently traded on the OTC Bulletin Board, but it is the Company s plan that the common shares be quoted on the
OTC Bulletin Board. A penny stock is generally defined by regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC as an equity security with a market price of less than US 5.00 per share. However, an equity security with a market price under US 5.00
will not be considered a penny stock if it fits within any of the following exceptions: 

(i) 
 the
 equity security is listed on NASDAQ or a national securities exchange; 

(ii) 
 the
 issuer of the equity security has been in continuous operation for less than three years, and either has (a) net tangible assets
 of at least US 5,000,000, or (b) average annual revenue of at least US 6,000,000; or 

(iii) 
 the
 issuer of the equity security has been in continuous operation for more than three years and has net tangible assets of at least
 US 2,000,000. 

Our
common stock does not currently fit into any of the above exceptions. 

If
an investor buys or sells a penny stock, SEC regulations require that the investor receive, prior to the transaction, a disclosure explaining
the penny stock market and associated risks. Furthermore, trading in our common stock will be subject to Rule 15g-9 of the Exchange Act,
which relates to non-NASDAQ and non-exchange listed securities. Under this rule, broker/dealers who recommend our securities to persons
other than established customers and accredited investors must make a special written suitability determination for the purchaser and
receive the purchaser s written agreement to a transaction prior to sale. Securities are exempt from this rule if their market
price is at least 5.00 per share. Since our common stock is currently deemed penny stock regulations, it may tend to reduce market liquidity
of our common stock, because they limit the broker/dealers ability to trade, and a purchaser s ability to sell, the stock
in the secondary market. 

The
low price of our common stock has a negative effect on the amount and percentage of transaction costs paid by individual shareholders.
The low price of our common stock also limits our ability to raise additional capital by issuing additional shares. There are several
reasons for these effects. First, the internal policies of certain institutional investors prohibit the purchase of low-priced stocks.
Second, many brokerage houses do not permit low-priced stocks to be used as collateral for margin accounts or to be purchased on margin.
Third, some brokerage house policies and practices tend to discourage individual brokers from dealing in low-priced stocks. Finally,
broker s commissions on low-priced stocks usually represent a higher percentage of the stock price than commissions on higher priced
stocks. As a result, the Company s shareholders may pay transaction costs that are a higher percentage of their total share value
than if our share price were substantially higher. 

Because
we can issue additional shares of common stock, purchasers of our common stock may incur immediate dilution and experience further dilution. 

We
are authorized to issue up to 14,991,000,000 shares of common stock, of which 14,680,293,609 and 12,189,293,609 shares of common
stock are issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively. Our Board of Directors has the authority to cause
us to issue additional shares of common stock and to determine the rights, preferences and privileges of such shares, without consent
of any of our stockholders. Consequently, the stockholders may experience more dilution in their ownership of our stock in the future.
Please see NOTE-I CAPITAL STOCK for further information. 

A
reverse stock split may decrease the liquidity of the shares of our common stock. 

The
liquidity of the shares of our common stock may be affected adversely by a reverse stock split given the reduced number of shares that
will be outstanding following a reverse stock split, especially if the market price of our common stock does not increase as a result
of the reverse stock split. 

Following
a reverse stock split, the resulting market price of our common stock may not attract new investors, including institutional investors,
and may not satisfy the investing requirements of those investors. Consequently, the trading liquidity of our common stock may not improve. 

Although
we believe that a higher market price of our common stock may help generate greater or broader investor interest, we cannot assure you
that a reverse stock split will result in a share price that will attract new investors. 

You
may be diluted by conversions of the Company s convertible notes and future conversions of the Company s Series L Preferred
Stock. 

As
of June 30, 2021, we had (i) outstanding Convertible Promissory Notes in an aggregate principal amount of 649,750,
which are convertible for up to 373,473,068 shares of our Class A Common Stock based on a closing stock price of 0.0032
and inherit conversion features; and (ii) 255 shares of Series L Preferred Stock outstanding, which are
convertible into 587,557,604 shares of our Class A Common Stock based on a closing stock price of 0.0032 and the
inherit conversion feature. 

The
conversion of the Convertible Promissory Notes and Series L Preferred Stock will result in further dilution of your investment. In addition,
you may experience additional dilution if we issue common stock in the future. As a result of this dilution, you may receive significantly
less in net tangible book value than the full purchase price you paid for the shares in the event of liquidation. As of the date of this
filing, the Company does not have a sufficient number of authorized but unissued shares to issue in the event our noteholders and the
holder of our Series L Preferred stock were to elect to convert into shares of our Class A Common Stock. The Company may be required
to file an Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of Class A Common Stock or to effect
a reverse stock split to satisfy the requested conversions. 

19 

Issuances
of shares of common stock or securities convertible into or exercisable for shares of common stock following this offering, will dilute
your ownership interests and may adversely affect the future market price of our common stock. 

The
issuance of additional shares of our common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock could be dilutive
to stockholders if they do not invest in future offerings. We may seek additional capital through a combination of private and public
offerings in the future. 

The
Company s shares of common stock are quoted on the OTC Pink Sheet market, which limits the liquidity and price of the Company s
common stock. 

The
Company s shares of Common Stock are traded on the OTC Pink Sheet market under the symbol GTLL. Quotation of the
Company s securities on the OTC Pink Sheet market limits the liquidity and price of the Company s Common Stock more than
if the Company s shares of Common Stock were listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market or a national exchange. There is currently no active
trading market in the Company s Common Stock. There can be no assurance that there will be an active trading market for the Company s
Common Stock following a business combination. In the event that an active trading market commences, there can be no assurance as to
the market price of the Company s shares of Common Stock, whether any trading market will provide liquidity to investors, or whether
any trading market will be sustained. 

FINRA
sales practice requirements may limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

The
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA has adopted rules requiring that, in recommending an investment to
a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending
speculative or low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information
about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these
rules, FINRA has indicated its belief that there is a high probability that speculative or low-priced securities will not be suitable
for at least some customers. If these FINRA requirements are applicable to us or our securities, they may make it more difficult for
broker-dealers to recommend that at least some of their customers buy our common stock, which may limit the ability of our stockholders
to buy and sell our common stock and could have an adverse effect on the market for and price of our common stock. 

We
are classified as a smaller reporting company and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable
to smaller reporting companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are a smaller reporting company. Specifically, smaller reporting companies are able to provide simplified
executive compensation disclosures in their filings; are exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring
that independent registered public accounting firms provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting; and have certain other decreased disclosure obligations in their SEC filings. 

Because
directors and officers currently and for the foreseeable future will continue to control Global Technologies, it is not likely that you
will be able to elect directors or have any say in the policies of the Company 

Our
shareholders are not entitled to cumulative voting rights. Consequently, the election of directors and all other matters requiring
shareholder approval will be decided by majority vote. The directors, officers and affiliates of Global Technologies beneficially
own approximately 30 of our outstanding common stock either through direct ownership or through another class of capital stock that
may be convertible into shares of our common stock. Due to such significant ownership position held by our insiders, new investors
may not be able to effect a change in our business or management, and therefore, shareholders would have no recourse as a result of
decisions made by management. Our President, Jimmy Wayne Anderson, owns 90,000,000 shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock,
3 shares of Series K Super Voting Preferred stock and 18 shares of Series L Preferred stock convertible into 41,474,654 based on
a conversion price of 0.00217. Sylios Corp, an entity controlled by Mr. Anderson, owns 10 shares of Series L Preferred stock
convertible into 23,041,475 based on a conversion price of 0.00217. Our President is also the control person for one
of the entities, Around the Clock Partners, LP ATC ), that owns 40 shares of Series L Preferred stock convertible
into 92,165,899 based on a conversion price of 0.00217. As of the date of this filing, our President would have voting rights
equal to 297,300,901,491 shares (90,000,000 shares of common, 4,145,024,151 votes through the issuance of the
Company s Series L Preferred Stock and 293,605,877,340 votes through the issuance of the Company s Series K
Preferred Stock for a total of 297,300,901,491 votes) out of a total of 366,467,346,417 votes available to vote on
matters brought before shareholders, or 81.13 . 

Cautionary
Note 

We
have sought to identify what we believe to be the most significant risks to our business, but we cannot predict whether, or to what extent,
any of such risks may be realized nor can we guarantee that we have identified all possible risks that might arise. Investors should
carefully consider all of such risk factors before making an investment decision with respect to our common stock. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information under this
item. 

Item
2. Properties. 

Currently,
the Company shares office space with Sylios Corp at 501 1 st Ave N., Suite 901, St. Petersburg, FL 33701 and is not required
to reimburse Sylios Corp for monthly rent. The Company anticipates that this relationship will change as we expand on our business plan
and with the addition of key employees. 

The
Company s third-party manufacturing and warehouse facility for its HMNRTH product line is located in Coconut Creek, FL. The Company
was not required to enter into a lease for the warehouse facility. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

From
time to time, we may be a defendant and plaintiff in various legal proceedings arising in the normal course of our business. We are currently
not a party to any material pending legal proceedings or government actions, including any bankruptcy, receivership, or similar proceedings.
In addition, management is not aware of any known litigation or liabilities involving the operators of our properties that could affect
our operations. Should any liabilities be incurred in the future, they will be accrued based on management s best estimate of the
potential loss. As such, there is no adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flow at this
time. Furthermore, Management of the Company does not believe that there are any proceedings to which any director, officer, or affiliate
of the Company, any owner of record of the beneficially or more than five percent of the common stock of the Company, or any associate
of any such director, officer, affiliate of the Company, or security holder is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest
adverse to the Company. 

On February 9, 2021, the Company filed a
Complaint for Declaratory Judgment in the Circuit Court of the Eleventh Judicial Circuit in and for Miami-Dade County, Florida
against Fortis Holdings, Ltd, Wayfarer Management, Ltd, Flash Funding, Inc. and OTC Capital Partners, LLC (together, the
 Defendants ). The Complaint cites errors and improper inclusions of transfers that are void for fraud or want of
consideration. Plaintiff is not seeking monetary relief in this action, but rather a declaratory decree establishing that the
transactions with the named Defendants are void, erroneous or cancellable. As of the date of this filing, three of the Defendants
have failed to answer the Claim. The Company has filed a Motion for Clerk Defaults against three of the Defendants. On August 18,
2021, the Company filed a Notice without Prejudice dropping OTC Capital Partners, LLC as a defendant. On September 10, 2021, the Company filed
a Motion for Entry of Default Judgment, the same was heard and granted on October 5, 2021 during a status conference of the pending
case. The Final Judgement was submitted for Execution to the Judge on October 5, 2021. To date, the Company has yet to receive the executed
Final Judgment from the Court but expects the same to be entered shortly. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

None 

20 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is quoted under the symbol GTLL on the OTC Markets PINK. The following information reflects
the high and low bid prices of the Company s common stock on the OTC Markets PINK. 

Quarterly
 period 
 Low 
 High 
 
 Fiscal
 year ended June 30, 2021: 

First
 Quarter 
 0.0001 
 0.0002 
 
 Second
 Quarter 
 0.0001 
 0.0009 
 
 Third
 Quarter 
 0.0005 
 0.0359 
 
 Fourth
 Quarter 
 0.0021 
 0.0058 

Fiscal
 year ended June 30, 2020: 

First
 Quarter 
 0.000001 
 0.0001 
 
 Second
 Quarter 
 0.000001 
 0.0001 
 
 Third
 Quarter 
 0.000001 
 0.0001 
 
 Fourth
 Quarter 
 0.000001 
 0.0001 

Holders
of Record 

The
Company had approximately 149 holders of record of our Class A Common Stock as of October 11, 2021. 

Dividends 

We
have never paid cash dividends on any of our capital stock, and we currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to
fund the development and growth of our business. We do not intend to pay cash dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable
future. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The Company does
not currently maintain any Equity Compensation Plans. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities; Uses of Proceeds from Registered Securities 

We
claimed exemption from registration under the Securities Act for the sales and issuances of securities in the following transactions
under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder, in that such sales and issuances did not involve
a public offering, or under Rule 701 promulgated under the Securities Act, in that they were offered and sold either pursuant to written
compensatory plans or pursuant to a written contract relating to compensation, as provided by Rule 701. All of the purchasers of unregistered
securities for which we relied on Section 4(a)(2) and/or Regulation D represented that they were accredited investors as defined under
the Securities Act. We claimed such exemption on the basis that (a) the purchasers in each case represented that they intended to acquire
the securities for investment only and not with a view to the distribution thereof and that they either received adequate information
about the registrant or had access, through employment or other relationships, to such information and (b) appropriate legends were affixed
to the stock certificates issued in such transactions. 

Class
A Common Stock: 

Year
ended June 30, 2021 

On
September 22, 2020, the Company issued 596,785,387 shares of restricted common stock with a fair market value of 59,679 to a noteholder
in satisfaction of 29,839 in penalties against the note dated January 24, 2018. 

On
November 25, 2020, the Company issued 637,526,342 shares of restricted common stock with a fair market value of 63,753 to a noteholder
in satisfaction of 31,876 in penalties against the note dated January 24, 2018. 

On
December 13, 2020, the Company issued 669,338,906 shares of restricted common stock with a fair market value of 200,802 to a noteholder
in satisfaction of 33,467 in penalties against the note dated January 24, 2018. 

On
December 22, 2020, the Company issued 702,738,918 shares of restricted common stock with a fair market value of 281,096 to a noteholder
in satisfaction of 35,137 in penalties against the note dated January 24, 2018. 

On
January 14, 2021, the Company issued 500,000,000 shares of restricted common stock with a fair market value of 900,000 to a noteholder
in satisfaction of 20,000 principal against the note dated June 3, 2019. 

On
January 19, 2021, the Company issued 300,000,000 shares of restricted common stock with a fair market value of 1,200,000 to a noteholder
in satisfaction of 42,000 principal against the note dated November 30, 2019. 

On
January 21, 2021, the Company issued 194,610,447 shares of restricted common stock with a fair market value of 1,264,968 to a noteholder
in satisfaction of 1,946 principal against the note dated January 24, 2018. 

On
February 22, 2021, the Company issued 150,000,000 shares of restricted common stock with a fair market value of 1,710,000 to a noteholder
in satisfaction of 1,946 in penalties against the note dated January 24, 2018. 

A total of 1,260,000,000 shares of common stock
were returned to the Company during the year ended June 30, 2021 to be retired. 

Year
ended June 30, 2020 

None 

Warrants: 

On
December 17, 2019, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Agreement with Armada Capital Partners,
LLC Armada wherein the Company issued Armada a Convertible Promissory Note (the Note in the amount of
 11,000 1,000 OID). The Note has a term of one (1) year (due on December 13, 2020) and bears interest at 8 annually. As part and parcel
of the foregoing transaction, Armada was issued a warrant granting the holder the right to purchase up to 560,800 shares of the Company s
common stock at an exercise price of 0.024 for a term of 5-years. The transaction closed on December 17, 2019. 

Penny Stock 

Penny
Stock Regulation Broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks are regulated by certain penny
stock rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than
 5.00. Excluded from the penny stock designation are securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on NASDAQ,
provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange/system
or sold to established customers or accredited investors. 

The
penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a
standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer
also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its
salesperson in connection with the transaction, and the monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held
in the customer s account. In addition, the penny stock rules generally require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock, the
broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the
purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. 

These
disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for a stock that becomes
subject to the penny stock rules. As our securities have become subject to the penny stock rules, investors may find it more difficult
to sell their securities. 

21 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data 

Not required
for smaller reporting company. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our consolidated
financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion and analysis contain forward-looking
statements that are based upon current expectations and involve risks, assumptions and uncertainties. 

Our
Management s Discussion and Analysis contains not only statements that are historical facts, but also statements that are forward-looking.
Forward-looking statements are, by their very nature, uncertain and risky. Forward-looking statements are often identified by words like:
 believe , expect , estimate , anticipate , intend , project 
and similar expressions, or words that, by their nature, refer to future events. You should not place undue certainty on these forward-looking
statements, which apply only as of the date of this prospectus. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or our predictions. These risks and uncertainties include
international, national, and local general economic and market conditions; our ability to sustain, manage, or forecast growth; our ability
to successfully make and integrate acquisitions; new product development and introduction; existing government regulations and changes
in, or the failure to comply with, government regulations; adverse publicity; competition; the loss of significant customers or suppliers;
fluctuations and difficulty in forecasting operating results; change in business strategy or development plans; business disruptions;
the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; the ability to protect technology; the risk of foreign currency exchange rate;
and other risks that might be detailed from time to time in our filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our actual results
could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences
include those discussed below and elsewhere in this prospectus. 

Although
the forward-looking statements in this annual report on Form 10-K reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements
can only be based on facts and factors currently known by them. Consequently, and because forward-looking statements are inherently subject
to risks and uncertainties, the actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in the forward-looking
statements. You are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in herein and in our other reports as we
attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations
and prospects. 

Our
financial statements are stated in United States Dollars (USD or US and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted
Accounting Principles. All references to common stock refer to the common shares in our capital stock. 

Overview 

Global
Technologies, Ltd is a publicly quoted company that was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on January 20, 1999 under
the name of NEW IFT Corporation. On August 13, 1999, the Company filed an Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the
State of Delaware to change the name of the corporation to Global Technologies, Ltd. Our principal executive offices are located at 501
1 st Ave N., Suite 901, St. Petersburg, FL 33701 and our telephone number is (727) 482-1505. Our website address is www.globaltechnologiesltd.info.
The information provided on our website is not part of this Annual Report and is therefore not incorporated by reference unless such
information is otherwise specifically referenced elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Prior
Operational History 

From
inception until March 2011, Global Technologies was a technology portfolio company that acquired nascent technology and related innovations,
inventions and IP assets to enhance their growth and development. The Company built revenues and asset value through a model of continuous
growth, income from or sale of its portfolio holdings, and technology licensing or distribution agreements. 

The
Company invested primarily in innovative and promising clean/renewable energy or bio-tech technologies that had reached the stage in
the critical Technology Development Demonstration phase of the Innovative Cycle, which includes Prototype, Demonstration and Market
Analysis. 

In
March 2011, the Company abandoned its operations. Mr. Jimmy Wayne Anderson, our sole officer and director, was appointed a director of
the Company in December 2017 and an officer in January 2018. 

22 

Current
Operations 

Global
Technologies, Ltd Global is a holding corporation, which through its subsidiaries, has operations engaged in the online
sales of CBD and hemp related products, the acquisition of intellectual property in the safety and security space and as a portal for
entrepreneurs to provide immediate access to live shopping, e-commerce and product placement in brick and mortar retail outlets. 

On
November 30, 2019, the Company entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (the Agreement for the purchase of TCBM Holdings,
LLC TCBM ). Under the terms of the Agreement, the Company issued a Convertible Promissory Note (the Note in the amount of 2,000,000 to Jetco Holdings, LLC for the purchase of all issued and outstanding membership units of TCBM and its
subsidiaries, HMNRTH, LLC and 911 Help Now, LLC. As of March 15, 2021, the outstanding principal and interest on the Note were 503,714
and 46,485, respectively. On this same date, the Holder agreed to forgive 253,714 in outstanding principal and all outstanding interest
leaving a remaining principal balance of 250,000. On March 15, 2021, the Company issued the Holder fifty (50) shares of the Company s
Series L Preferred Stock in satisfaction of the 250,000 principal balance. As of June 30, 2021, there was no outstanding principal
or interest due. Please see NOTE F - NOTES PAYABLE, THIRD PARTIES for further information. 

On March 11, 2020, the Company, through its two wholly owned subsidiaries,
HMNRTH, LLC (the Seller and TCBM Holdings, LLC (the Owner (together Seller and Owner the Selling
Parties entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Agreement with Edison Nation, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary,
Scalematix, LLC (together the Buyer ), for the sale of certain assets in the health and wellness industry and related consumer
products industry. Under the terms of the Agreement, Buyer was to remit 70,850 via wire transfer at Closing and issue to a representative
of the Selling Parties Two Hundred Thirty-Eight Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty (238,750) shares of restricted common stock. In addition,
the Selling Parties shall have the right to additional earn out compensation based upon the following metrics: (i) at such time as the
purchased assets achieve cumulative revenue of 2,500,000, the Selling Parties shall earn One Hundred Twenty-Five Thousand (125,000) shares
of common stock; and (ii) at such time as the purchased assets achieve cumulative revenue of 5,000,000, the Selling Parties shall earn
One Hundred Twenty-Five Thousand (125,000) shares of common stock. The Closing of the transaction occurred on March 11, 2020. As of the
date of this filing, the Company has received the 238,750 shares of restricted common stock valued at 477,500 and the 70,850 in cash
compensation due under the terms of the Agreement. The shares and cash compensation were subsequently transferred to the principal of
Jetco Holdings, LLC as payment against the November 30, 2019 Convertible Promissory Note issued to Jetco Holdings, LLC. 

On September 3, 2020, the Company entered into
a Commitment to be Bound by the Amended Operating Agreement to Effect Transfer of Membership Interest in order to facilitate the transfer
of 25 Membership Units (the Units issued by Global Clean Solutions, LLC Global and held in the name of
Graphene Holdings, LLC Graphene to the Company. In exchange for the transfer of the Units to the Company, the Company
issued to Graphene a Convertible Promissory Note (the Note in the amount of 250,000. Please see NOTE
F - NOTES PAYABLE, THIRD PARTIES and NOTE M - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS for further information. 

Our
wholly owned subsidiaries: 

About
TCBM Holdings, LLC 

TCBM
Holdings, LLC TCBM was formed as a Delaware limited liability company on August 10, 2017. TCBM is a holding corporation,
which operated through its two wholly owned subsidiaries, HMNRTH, LLC and 911 Help Now, LLC. 

About
HMNRTH, LLC 

HMNRTH,
LLC HMN was formed as a Delaware limited liability company on July 30, 2019. HMNRTH operates as an online store selling
a variety of hemp and CBD related products. The Company s business model is to bridge the gap between the lifestyle and knowledge
components within the cannabis industry. The Company s goal is to educate every consumer while cultivating an experience by providing
quality products, branded cutting-edge content, and diversified product lines for any purpose. Most importantly, we want our clients
to discover their inner HMN, redefine their inner HMN and Empower their inner HMN. 

In
order for the Company to generate revenue through HMNRTH, we will need to: (i) produce additional inventory for retail sales through
the Company s ecommerce site or sales, or (ii) sales to third party distributors, or (iii) direct sales to brick and mortar CBD
retail outlets, or (iv) generate additional CBD formulas to be utilized in new products At present, the Company does not have the required
capital to initiate any of the options and there is no guarantee that we will be able to raise the required funds. 

About
911 Help Now, LLC 

911
Help Now, LLC 911 was formed as a Delaware limited liability company on February 2, 2018. 911 was a holding company of
intellectual property in the safety and security space. At present, we own no intellectual property
within our 911 subsidiary. In order to generate future revenue within 911, we will need to identify and either acquire or license intellectual
property. In the event of an acquisition, we will then need to either develop products utilizing our intellectual property or license
out our intellectual property to a third party. There is no guarantee that we will be successful with an acquisition or licensing of
any intellectual property. 

About
Markets on Main, LLC 

Markets
on Main, LLC MOM was formed as a Florida limited liability company on April 2, 2020. MOM is A full service, sales and
distribution, third-party logistics provider and portal to multi-channel sales opportunities. MOM s focus is on bringing small
businesses and entrepreneurs to large opportunities and distribution. MOM will provide the following services to its clients: inventory
management, brand management, fulfillment and drop-ship capabilities, retail distribution and customer service. MOM s website can
be found at www.marketsonmain.com . 

Investments: 

Global
Clean Solutions, LLC Investment 

Global
Clean Solutions Global Clean was founded as a special purpose entity in the Personal Protective Equipment Industry during
the initial stages of the pandemic in 2020. Its management set out with a simple mission; deliver customers PPE while removing the panic
from the pandemic. Global Clean has created a solid and repeatable foundation and is able to satisfy the needs of both government municipalities
and corporations that many companies have tried, and few have succeeded. 

Direct
 to factory relationships 

Proprietary
 hand sanitizer ready to ship 

Funding
 programs available 

Government
 contract expertise 

Overseas
 production capabilities 

Distribution
 centers in CA and FL 

The
Company elected to impair its investment in Global Clean as it does not anticipate generating any further revenue from this investment. 

Services: 

Consulting Services 

On May 10, 2021, the Company entered into a Consulting
Agreement (the Agreement with CoroWare, Inc. CoroWare ). Under the terms of the Agreement, the Company is
to prepare the following financial reports for CoroWare: (i) Registration Statement and all subsequent amendments, (ii) Quarterly Reports
for the periods ended March 31, 2021, June 30, 2021 and September 30, 2021, and (iii) Annual Report for the period ended December 31,
2021. The Agreement shall have a term one (1) year or until CoroWare s Annual Report is filed with OTC Markets or the SEC. The
Company shall be compensated a total of 45,000 in three equal payments of 15,000. 

Plan
of Operation 

Our
plan of operations is to raise capital through the issuance of debt and/or equity to meet our ongoing operating expenses and attempt
to identify acquisition candidates to create value for our shareholders. There can be no assurance that we will successfully complete
any additional acquisitions. Any merger or acquisition completed by us can be expected to have a significant dilutive effect on the percentage
of shares held by our current stockholders. 

23 

Financing
Needs 

In
order to fund our operations, we rely upon direct investments, partnerships and joint ventures with accredited investors. Once the Company
becomes profitable, we intend to fund our operations from free cash flow. 

At
present, the Company only has sufficient funds to conduct its operations for two to three months. There can be no assurance that additional
financing will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to the Company, if at all. 

If
we are not successful in generating sufficient liquidity from Company operations or in raising sufficient capital resources, on terms
acceptable to us, this could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations liquidity and financial
condition. 

The
Company presently does not have any available credit, bank financing or other external sources of liquidity. Due to its brief history
under its current business model and historical operating losses, the Company s operations have not been a source of liquidity.
The Company will need to obtain additional capital in order to expand operations and become profitable. In order to obtain capital, the
Company may need to sell additional shares of its common stock or borrow funds from private lenders. There can be no assurance that the
Company will be successful in obtaining additional funding. 

The
Company will need additional investments in order to continue operations. Additional investments are being sought, but the Company cannot
guarantee that it will be able to obtain such investments. Financing transactions may include the issuance of equity or debt securities,
obtaining credit facilities, or other financing mechanisms. In the event there is a downturn in the U.S. stock and debt markets, this
could make it more difficult to obtain financing through the issuance of equity or debt securities. Even if the Company is able to raise
the funds required, it is possible that it could incur unexpected costs and expenses, fail to collect significant amounts owed to it,
or experience unexpected cash requirements that would force it to seek alternative financing. Further, if the Company issues additional
equity or debt securities, stockholders may experience additional dilution or the new equity securities may have rights, preferences
or privileges senior to those of existing holders. 

Results
from Operations For the years ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020. 

Our
results of operations for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 are summarized below: 

June
 30, 2021 
 June
 30, 2020 

Gross
 revenues 
 15,000 
 548,350 

Cost
 of goods sold 
 - 
 70,850 

Total
 Operating expenses 
 366,804 
 709,736 

Income
 (loss) from Operations 
 (351,804 
 (232,236 

Other
 (Expense) 
 (3,876,857 
 (318,705 

Net
 Loss 
 (4,228,661 
 (550,941 

Net
 loss per share- basic and diluted 
 (0.00 
 (0.00 

Revenues 

Since
our inception on January 20, 1999, we have generated minimal revenue from our operations. We cannot guarantee we will be successful in
our business operations. We have limited financial resources and limited operations until such time that we are able to begin to generate
revenue from our own operations. Our business is subject to risks inherent in the establishment of a new business plan through the acquisition
of TCBM Holdings, LLC and the formation of Markets on Main, LLC, including the financial risks associated with the limited capital resources
currently available to us and risks associated with the implementation of our business strategies. 

For the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020,
we generated 15,000 and 548,350 in revenue, respectively. Our revenue for the year ended June 30, 2021 was 100 
comprised of consulting revenue with one customer. Our revenue for the year ended June 30, 2020 was 100 comprised of the sale of
hemp and CBD inventory through our subsidiary. HMNRTH, LLC. The sale of inventory was part of the normal operations of the Company,
and it is anticipated that we will recognize similar operating activity with other customers during fiscal 2022. The lack
of revenue from HMNRTH during the year ended June 30, 2021 was largely attributable to the Company s inability to raise capital
for inventory. The Company is in discussions with the manufacturer of its CBD products to formulate two new flavors upon successful financing. 

For the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020,
our cost of goods sold was 0 and 70,850, respectively. The makeup of the cost of goods sold for the year ended June 30,
2020 was 100 comprised of costs for the development and production of the hemp and CBD products sold. 

24 

Operating
Expenses 

Our
operating expenses were 366,804 and 709,736 for years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

We
incurred 0 and 0 in advertising expenses for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

We
incurred 80,000 (including 40,000 stock-based compensation) and 80,000 (including 40,000 stock-based compensation)
in officer and director related expenses for years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company anticipates
that these expenses will increase during fiscal 2022 as the Company expands the operations of Markets on Main and the Company
will need to expand its management and ancillary staff. 

Loss
from Operations 

The
Company s loss from operations increased to (351,804) for the year ended June 30, 2021 from (232,236) in 2020,
an increase of (119,568). The increase in loss from operations is largely attributable to a decrease in revenue and increase in
selling, general and administrative expenses during the year ended June 30, 2021. 

Other
Income (Expenses) 

Other
Income (Expenses) included interest expense, interest income, gain on derivative liability, investment income, forgiveness of debt
and accrued interest, loss on issuance of convertible notes and amortization of debt discounts in the amount of (3,876,857)
during the year ended June 30, 2021 as compared to (318,705) the year ended June 30, 2020. The increase
in other income (expenses) during the year ended June 30, 2021 is largely attributable to the Company s loss
on issuance of convertible notes in the amount of (2,759,425), amortization of debt discounts in the amount of (841,124) and impairment
of goodwill in the amount of (473,322). 

Net
Income (Loss) 

For the year ended June 30, 2021, our net
loss increased to (4,228,661), as compared to a net loss of (550,941) for the year ended June 30, 2020, an
increase of (3,677,720). The increase in net loss is largely attributable to the Company s loss on
issuance of convertible notes, amortization of debt discounts and impairment of goodwill. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Cash
on Hand 

Our
cash on hand as of June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020 was 56,300 and 25, respectively. 

We
currently have no external sources of liquidity such as arrangements with credit institutions or off-balance sheet arrangements that
will have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition or immediate access to capital. 

We
are dependent on the sale of our securities or issuance of debt to fund our operations and will remain so until we generate sufficient
revenues to pay for our operating costs. Our officers and directors have made no written commitments with respect to providing a source
of liquidity in the form of cash advances, loans and/or financial guarantees. 

25 

If
we are unable to raise the funds, we will seek alternative financing through means such as borrowings from institutions or private individuals.
There can be no assurance that we will be able to raise the capital we need for our operations from the sale of our securities. We have
not located any sources for these funds and may not be able to do so in the future. We expect that we will seek additional financing
in the future. However, we may not be able to obtain additional capital or generate sufficient revenues to fund our operations. If we
are unsuccessful at raising sufficient funds, for whatever reason, to fund our operations, we may be forced to cease operations. If we
fail to raise funds, we expect that we will be required to seek protection from creditors under applicable bankruptcy laws. 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm has expressed doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern and believes that
our ability is dependent on our ability to implement our business plan, raise capital and generate revenues. Please see NOTE
L- GOING CONCERN UNCERTAINTY for further information. 

Notes
payable, third parties 

Our
Notes payable third parties were 649,750 and 1,293,027 at June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively.
Please see NOTE F NOTES PAYABLE, THIRD PARTIES for a full schedule of all notes payable to third parties, including issue
date, maturity date and interest rate. 

Notes
payable, related parties 

Our
Note payable related party was 0 and 124,800 June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively. Please see NOTE
G NOTE PAYABLE, RELATED PARTY for a full schedule of all notes payable to related parties, including issue date, maturity
date and interest rate. 

Use
of Cash 

We
had net cash provided (used) in operating activities for the years ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020 of (141,564)
and (176,789), respectively. 

We
had net cash provided (used) in investing activities for the years ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020 of - and -,
respectively. 

We
had net cash provided (used) by financing activities for the years ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020 of 197,839
and 176,814, respectively. 

Our
cash flows for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 are summarized below: 

Year
 Ended 

 June
30, 2021 
 
 Year
 Ended June
 30, 2020 

Net
 cash provided (used) in operating activities 
 (141,564 
 (176,789 

Net
 cash (used) by investing activities 
 - 
 - 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 
 197,839 
 176,814 

Net
 Change in Cash 
 56,275 
 25 

Cash at beginning
 of period 
 25 
 - 

Cash at end of period 
 56,300 
 25 

26 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information under this
item. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Financial
 Statements 
 
 Page 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-1 
 
 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders (Deficiency) for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F-5 
 
 Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-6
 to F-24 

27 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Global Technologies, Ltd. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Global Technologies, Ltd. the Company as of June 30, 2021
and 2020, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders (deficiency), and cash flows for each of the years
in the two-year period ended June 30, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2021 and 2020,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended June 30, 2021, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
L to the financial statements, the Company has an accumulated deficit, net losses, and negative cash flows from operations. These factors
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these
matters are also described in Note L. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Goodwill
 Refer to Note C of the Financial Statements 

Description
of the Critical Audit Matter 

Goodwill
consists of the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired. Goodwill is
subject to annual impairment tests, and if it is determined to be impaired, goodwill is written down to fair value. 

We
identified the Company's goodwill as a critical audit matter because of the significant estimates and assumptions management makes to
estimate the fair value of its reporting units, especially considering the lack of recent operations and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. This
required a high degree of auditor judgment, and an increased extent of effort was required when performing the audit procedures to evaluate
the methodology and the reasonableness of related assumptions. In particular, fair value estimates are sensitive to significant assumptions
and factors such as expectations about future market and economic conditions, revenue growth rates, strategic plans, and historical operating
results, among others. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Our
principal audit procedures to evaluate management s valuation of goodwill consisted of the following, among others: 

1. We
 obtained an understanding of management s process to estimate the fair value of its
 reporting units and ensure the accuracy of key data used in their estimation process. 

2. We
 evaluated management's knowledge and skill to accurately forecast net sales and earnings. 

3. We
 evaluated management's forecasts including net sales and cost of goods sold for reasonableness
 by obtaining supporting evidence for assumptions and estimates related to management's forecasts
 and comparing forecast assumptions and estimates with information provided by the Company. 

4. We
 evaluated the assumptions used by management, including testing the underlying source information
 and the mathematical accuracy of the calculations by developing a range of independent estimates
 and comparing those to the rates, selected by management. 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

Spokane,
 Washington 

October
 13, 2021 

F- 1 

GLOBAL
TECHNOLOGIES, LTD 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

June
 30, 2021 
 June
 30, 2020 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 
 - 

Prepaid director s compensation 
 
 - 
 
 Loans receivable 
 - 

Loan receivable, other 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, less accumulated depreciation of 
 and 

Goodwill 

Total other assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIENCY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable 

Accrued default interest 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued interest 

Accrued director s compensation 
 - 

Notes payable-third parties 

Loans payable, related party 

Note payable-related party 
 - 

Default principal, notes payable-third parties 
 
 - 
 
 Debt discounts 

Derivative liability 

Total current liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIENCY 

Preferred stock; 
 shares authorized, 
 par value: 

Series K; 
 shares authorized, par value ,
 as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, there are 
 and 
 shares outstanding, respectively 
 - 
 - 
 
 Series L; 
 shares authorized, par value ,
 as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, there are 
 and 
 shares outstanding, respectively 
 
 - 
 
 Preferred stock value 

Common stock; 
 shares authorized, 
 par value, as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, there are 
 and shares outstanding,
 respectively 

Additional paid- in capital Class A common stock 

Additional paid- in capital common stock 

Additional paid- in capital preferred stock 

Common stock to be issued 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficiency 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIENCY 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements . 

F- 2 

GLOBAL
TECHNOLOGIES, LTD 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 For
the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Revenue earned 

Revenue 

Cost of goods sold 
 - 

Gross profit 

Operating Expenses 

Officer and director compensation, including stock-based compensation of 
 and , respectively 

Consulting services 

Depreciation expense 

Professional services 

Selling, general and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Gain on derivative liability 

Interest income 
 - 

Investment income from Global Clean Solutions, LLC 
 
 - 
 
 Write-off of Global Clean Solutions, LLC 
 
 - 
 
 Forgiveness of debt and accrued interest 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment of goodwill 
 
 - 
 
 Interest expense 

Default principal and interest expense 
 
 - 
 
 Loss on issuance of convertible notes 

Amortization of debt discounts 

Total other income (expense) 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted loss per common share 

Weighted average common shares outstanding basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

GLOBAL
TECHNOLOGIES, LTD 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIENCY) 

 For
the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Issued 

Capital 

Deficit 

Total 

Series K
 Preferred 

Series L
 Preferred 

Common Stock
 to 

Additional 

stock 

stock 

Common
 Stock 

be 

Paid in 

Accumulated 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Issued 

Capital 

Deficit 

Total 

Balances at June 30, 2019 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Issuance of common stock to a noteholder in lieu of
 cash payment for principal and fees in the amount of 196,765 

Issuance of common stock to a noteholder in lieu of
 cash payment for principal and fees in the amount of 196,765, shares 

Issuance of Series L preferred stock in satisfaction
 of compensation due for consulting fees 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of Series L Preferred stock in satisfaction
 of note payable 

Issuance of Series L Preferred stock in satisfaction
 of note payable, shares 

Issuance of Series L Preferred stock in satisfaction
 of note payable, related party 

Issuance of Series L Preferred stock in satisfaction
 of note payable, related party, shares 

Issuance of Series L Preferred stock as reimbursement
 for shares returned to the Company 

Issuance of Series L Preferred stock as reimbursement
 for shares returned to the Company, shares 

Issuance of Series L Preferred stock in satisfaction
 of consulting fees 

Issuance of Series L Preferred stock in satisfaction
 of consulting fees, shares 

Issuance of Series K preferred stock in satisfaction
 of services rendered as an officer 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common stock to be issued paid as cash 

Common stock for services 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Return of common shares 

Return of common shares, shares 

Net loss for the year ended June 30, 2020 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Balances at June 30, 2020 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Issuance of common stock to a noteholder in lieu of
 cash payment for principal and fees in the amount of 196,765 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of Series L Preferred stock in satisfaction
 of note payable 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of Series L Preferred stock in satisfaction
 of note payable, related party 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of Series L Preferred stock as reimbursement
 for shares returned to the Company 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of Series L Preferred stock in satisfaction
 of consulting fees 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common stock to be issued paid as cash 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

() 
 
 Common stock for services 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

0,000 

- 

- 

Return of common shares 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

- 

- 

() 
 
 Net loss for the year ended June 30, 2021 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Balances at June 30, 2021 

- 

() 

() 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements . 

F- 4 

GLOBAL
TECHNOLOGIES, LTD 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 For
the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

June
 30, 2021 
 June
 30, 2020 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net (loss) 

Adjustment to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Issuance of common stock for conversion fees 
 
 - 
 
 Issuance of Series L Preferred stock for consulting services 
 - 

Issuance of Series K Preferred stock for consulting services 
 - 

Common stock to be issued 

Transfer of shares of common stock received in sale of HMNRTH products to Jetco
 noteholder 
 - 

Inventory from acquisition 
 - 

Derivative liability (gain) loss 

Forgiveness of debt and accrued interest 
 
 - 
 
 Loss on issuance of note payable 

Write-off of Global Clean Solutions, LLC investment 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment of goodwill 
 
 - 
 
 Depreciation 

Amortization of debt discounts 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts and loans receivable 

Prepaid director s compensation 
 
 - 
 
 Bank overdrafts 
 - 

Accounts payable 

Accrued interest 

Accrued default interest 
 
 - 
 
 Default principal, notes payable-third parties 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued director s compensation 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Net cash (used) by investing activities 
 - 
 - 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Borrowings from loans payable 
 
 - 
 
 Payments on convertible notes 

Borrowings from notes payable 

Cash from acquisition 
 - 

Net cash provided from financing activities 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 
 
 - 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF PERIOD 

Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information: 

Taxes paid 
 - 
 - 
 
 Interest paid 
 - 
 - 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Issuance of convertible note for acquisition 
 - 

Issuance of convertible note for acquisition of Global Clean Solutions, LLC 
 
 - 
 
 Reduction of Jetco note in the amount per agreement applied to acquisition
 of subsidiaries 
 
 - 
 
 Issuance of common stock for debt 
 
 - 
 
 Issuance of Series L Preferred stock for payment of notes payable and accrued
 interest 
 
 - 
 
 Issuance of Series L Preferred stock for payment of accounts payable 
 
 - 
 
 Issuance of Series L Preferred stock for return of common stock 
 
 - 
 
 Transfer of shares of common stock received in sale of HMNRTH products to
 Jetco noteholder 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

GLOBAL
TECHNOLOGIES, LTD 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

to Jetco Holdings, LLC for the purchase of all
issued and outstanding membership units of TCBM and its subsidiaries, HMNRTH, LLC and 911 Help Now, LLC. As of March 15, 2021, the
outstanding principal and interest on the Note were and , respectively. On this same date, the Holder agreed to forgive
 in outstanding principal and all outstanding interest leaving a remaining principal balance of . On March 15, 2021,
the Company issued the Holder fifty shares of the Company s Series L Preferred Stock in satisfaction of the principal
balance. As of June 30, 2021, there was no outstanding principal or interest due. Please see NOTE F - NOTES PAYABLE, THIRD
PARTIES for further information. 

On March
11, 2020, the Company, through its two wholly owned subsidiaries, HMNRTH, LLC (the Seller and TCBM Holdings, LLC (the
 Owner (together Seller and Owner the Selling Parties entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Agreement with Edison Nation, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary, Scalematix, LLC (together the Buyer ), for the sale of certain
assets in the health and wellness industry and related consumer products industry. Under the terms of the Agreement, Buyer was to remit
 
 via wire transfer at Closing and issue to a representative of the Selling Parties Two Hundred Thirty-Eight Thousand Seven
Hundred and Fifty shares of restricted common stock. In addition, the Selling Parties shall have the right to additional earn out compensation based upon
the following metrics: (i) at such time as the purchased assets achieve cumulative revenue of ,
the Selling Parties shall earn One Hundred Twenty-Five Thousand shares of common stock; and (ii) at such time as the purchased assets achieve cumulative revenue of ,
the Selling Parties shall earn One Hundred Twenty-Five Thousand shares of common stock. The Closing of the transaction occurred on March 11, 2020. As of the date of this filing, the Company has received
the 
 shares of restricted common stock valued at 
 and the 
 in cash compensation due under the terms of the Agreement. The shares and cash compensation were subsequently transferred to the principal
of Jetco Holdings, LLC as payment against the November 30, 2019 Convertible Promissory Note issued to Jetco Holdings, LLC. 

On September 3, 2020, the Company entered
into a Commitment to be Bound by the Amended Operating Agreement to Effect Transfer of Membership Interest in order to facilitate
the transfer of 25 Membership Units (the Units issued by Global Clean Solutions, LLC Global and held
in the name of Graphene Holdings, LLC Graphene to the Company. In exchange for the transfer of the Units to the
Company, the Company issued to Graphene a Convertible Promissory Note (the Note in the amount of . Please see NOTE
G - NOTES PAYABLE, THIRD PARTIES and NOTE M - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS for further information. 

Our
wholly owned subsidiaries: 

About
TCBM Holdings, LLC 

TCBM
Holdings, LLC TCBM was formed as a Delaware limited liability company on August 10, 2017. TCBM is a holding corporation,
which operated through its two wholly owned subsidiaries, HMNRTH, LLC and 911 Help Now, LLC. 

About
HMNRTH, LLC 

HMNRTH,
LLC HMN was formed as a Delaware limited liability company on July 30, 2019. HMNRTH operates as an online store selling
a variety of hemp and CBD related products. The Company s business model is to bridge the gap between the lifestyle and knowledge
components within the cannabis industry. The Company s goal is to educate every consumer while cultivating an experience by providing
quality products, branded cutting-edge content, and diversified product lines for any purpose. Most importantly, we want our clients
to discover their inner HMN, redefine their inner HMN and Empower their inner HMN. 

In
September 2019, the Company entered into a Quality Agreement with Nutralife Biosciences for the development and production of its CBD
line of products. The Company s product line includes hemp derived, full spectrum cannabidiol tinctures and creams in varying sizes. 

In
order for the Company to generate revenue through HMNRTH, we will need to: (i) produce additional inventory for retail sales through
the Company s ecommerce site or sales, or (ii) sales to third party distributors, or (iii) direct sales to brick and mortar CBD
retail outlets, or (iv) generate additional CBD formulas to be utilized in new products At present, the Company does not have the required
capital to initiate any of the options and there is no guarantee that we will be able to raise the required funds. 

Regulation
of HMNRTH products: 

The
manufacture, labeling and distribution of our products is regulated by various federal, state and local agencies. These governmental
authorities may commence regulatory or legal proceedings, which could restrict the permissible scope of our product claims or the ability
to sell our products in the future. The FDA regulates our nutraceutical and wellness products to ensure that the products are not adulterated
or misbranded. 

We
are subject to additional regulation as a result of our CBD products. The shifting compliance environment and the need to build and maintain
robust systems to comply with different compliance in multiple jurisdictions increase the possibility that we may violate one or more
of the requirements. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of such laws or any other governmental regulations that apply
to us, we may be subject to penalties, including, without limitation, civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, the curtailment or
restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. 

Failure
to comply with FDA requirements may result in, among other things, injunctions, product withdrawals, recalls, product seizures, fines
and criminal prosecutions. Our advertising is subject to regulation by the FTC under the FTCA. Additionally, some states also permit
advertising and labeling laws to be enforced by private attorney generals, who may seek relief for consumers, seek class action certifications,
seek class wide damages and product recalls of products sold by us. Any actions against us by governmental authorities or private litigants
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

About
911 Help Now, LLC 

911
Help Now, LLC 911 was formed as a Delaware limited liability company on February 2, 2018. 911 was a holding company of
intellectual property in the safety and security space. At present, we own no intellectual property within our 911 subsidiary. In order
to generate future revenue within 911, we will need to identify and either acquire or license intellectual property. In the event of
an acquisition, we will then need to either develop products utilizing our intellectual property or license out our intellectual property
to a third party. There is no guarantee that we will be successful with an acquisition or licensing of any intellectual property. 

About
Markets on Main, LLC 

Markets
on Main, LLC MOM was formed as a Florida limited liability company on April 2, 2020. MOM is A full service, sales and
distribution, third-party logistics provider and portal to multi-channel sales opportunities. MOM s focus is on bringing small
businesses and entrepreneurs to large opportunities and distribution. MOM will provide the following services to its clients: inventory
management, brand management, fulfillment and drop-ship capabilities, retail distribution and customer service. MOM s website can
be found at www.marketsonmain.com . 

On
November 5, 2020, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary Markets on Main, LLC Licensor ), entered into a Platform
License Agreement (the License Agreement with Honey Badger Media, LLC (the Licensee ). Under the terms of
the License Agreement, the Company grants the Licensee a perpetual, non-exclusive license to operate the Platform, fulfillment opportunities
and its related technologies. In consideration for the License, the Licensee shall pay
to the Licensor a fee equal to twenty percent (20 of the Net Profits generated from Licensee s clients through the Platform. 

Investments: 

About
Global Clean Solutions, LLC 

Global
Clean Solutions was founded as a special purpose entity in the Personal Protective Equipment Industry during the initial stages of the
pandemic in 2020. Its management set out with a simple mission; deliver customers PPE while removing the panic from the pandemic. Global
Clean Solutions has created a solid and repeatable foundation and is able to satisfy the needs of both government municipalities and
corporations that many companies have tried, and few have succeeded. 

Direct
 to factory relationships 

Proprietary
 hand sanitizer ready to ship 

Funding
 programs available 

Government
 contract expertise 

Overseas
 production capabilities 

Distribution
 centers in CA and FL 

The Company elected to impair its investment in
Global Clean as it does not anticipate generating any further revenue from this investment. 

Services: 

Consulting Services 

On May 10, 2021, the Company entered into a Consulting
Agreement (the Agreement with CoroWare, Inc. CoroWare ). Under the terms of the Agreement, the Company is
to prepare the following financial reports for CoroWare: (i) Registration Statement and all subsequent amendments, (ii) Quarterly Reports
for the periods ended March 31, 2021, June 30, 2021 and September 30, 2021, and (iii) Annual Report for the period ended December 31,
2021. The Agreement shall have a term one (1) year or until CoroWare s Annual Report is filed with OTC Markets or the SEC. The
Company shall be compensated a total of in three equal payments of . 

Consultants 

On January 2, 2020, the Company entered into a
Consulting Agreement (the Agreement with Timothy Cabrera (the Consultant ). Under the terms of the Agreement,
the Consultant is to provide services to further the business plan of the Company s subsidiaries, seek and advise the Company on
the acquisition of potential products, seek acquisition candidates and on the sale of any inventory. year and the Consultant is to be compensated Two Hundred Fifty Thousand and NO/100 Dollars 250,000). On February 15, 2021, the
Company issued fifty shares of the Company s Series L Preferred Stock to the Consultant in satisfaction of cash compensation
due for past consulting services. All compensation due under the Agreement has been satisfied. 

On January 2, 2020, the Company entered into a
Consulting Agreement (the Agreement with Brian McFadden (the Consultant ). Under the terms of the Agreement,
the Consultant is to provide services to manage the Company s HMNRTH subsidiary, manage the process of new CBD formulas from development
to sale, seek and advise the Company on the acquisition of potential products and on the sale of any inventory. year and the Consultant is to be compensated Two Hundred Fifty Thousand and NO/100 Dollars 250,000). On February 15, 2021,
the Company issued fifty shares of the Company s Series L Preferred Stock to the Consultant in satisfaction of cash compensation
due for past consulting services. All compensation due under the Agreement has been satisfied. 

On August 22, 2019, the Company entered into a
Consulting Agreement (the Agreement with Sylios Corp (the Consultant ), an entity controlled by the Company s
President, Jimmy Wayne Anderson. Under the terms of the Agreement, the Consultant is to provide services related to acquisitions, mergers
and certain day to day tasks of managing a public company. As compensation, the Company shall pay Consultant through the issuance
of ten shares of the Company s Series L Preferred Stock. The Company issued the shares of Series L Preferred Stock on September
2, 2019. months or until the Consultant completed the services requested. The services under the
Agreement have been satisfied. 

cash equivalents. 

t considered necessary as all accounts
receivable were deemed collectible. 

allowance for doubtful accounts is deemed to be required on
its accounts receivable related party at June 30, 2021. 

of the Company s total accounts receivable. 

Concentration
of Revenues For the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, one customer accounted for of
the Company s total revenues. 

Concentration
of Suppliers The Company relies on a limited number of suppliers and contract manufacturers. In particular, a single
supplier is currently the sole manufacturer of the Company s CBD products. 

Concentration
of Loans Receivable The Company had no loan receivable at June 30, 2021. At June 30, 2020, one borrower
accounted for 
 of the Company s total loans receivable. 

Concentration
of Loans Receivable, Other At June 30, 2021, one borrower accounted for of the Company s total loans receivable,
other. The Company had no loans receivable, other at June 30, 2020. 

GLOBAL
TECHNOLOGIES, LTD 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
B - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont d) 

Total
 investments 
 - 

The above investment does not have a readily
determinable fair value, as identified in ASC 321-10-35-2, and each investment is measured at cost less impairment. The Company monitors
the investment for any changes in observable prices from orderly transactions. For the year ended June
30, 2021 , the Company generated 
investment income from its investment in Global. The Company elected to impair its investment in Global Clean as it does not anticipate
generating any further revenue from its investment. 

GLOBAL
TECHNOLOGIES, LTD 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE B - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (cont d) 

Step
3 Determine the Transaction Price When (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, the Company shall recognize as
revenue the amount of the transaction price that is allocated to the performance obligation. The contract terms are used to determine
the transaction price. Generally, all contracts include fixed consideration. If a contract did include variable consideration, the Company
would determine the amount of variable consideration that should be included in the transaction price based on expected value method.
Variable consideration would be included in the transaction price, if in the Company s judgement, it is probable that a significant
future reversal of cumulative revenue under the contract would not occur. 

Step
4 Allocate the Transaction Price After the transaction price has been determined, the next step is to allocate the transaction
price to each performance obligation in the contract. If the contract only has one performance obligation, the entire transaction price
will be applied to that obligation. If the contract has multiple performance obligations, the transaction price is allocated to the performance
obligations based on the relative standalone selling price (SSP) at contract inception. 

Step
5 Satisfaction of the Performance Obligations (and Recognize Revenue) Revenue is recognized when (or as) goods or services
are transferred to a customer. The Company satisfies each of its performance obligations by transferring control of the promised good
or service underlying that performance obligation to the customer. Control is the ability to direct the use of and obtain substantially
all of the remaining benefits from an asset. It includes the ability to prevent other entities from directing the use of and obtaining
the benefits from an asset. Indicators that control has passed to the customer include: a present obligation to pay; physical possession
of the asset; legal title; risks and rewards of ownership; and acceptance of the asset(s). Performance obligations can be satisfied at
a point in time or over time. 

Substantially
all of the Company s revenues continue to be recognized when control of the goods is transferred to the customer, which is
upon shipment of the finished goods to the customer. All sales have fixed pricing and there are currently no material variable components
included in the Company s revenue. Additionally, the Company will issue credits for defective merchandise, historically these credits
for defective merchandise have not been material. Based on the Company s analysis of the new revenue standards, revenue recognition
from the sale of finished goods to customers, which represents substantially all of the Company s revenues, was not impacted by
the adoption of the new revenue standards. 

and ,
 respectively, shares relating to convertible notes payable to third
parties, shares issuable upon the exercise of the Armada warrant and share issuable upon conversion
of the Company s Series L Preferred stock. 

GLOBAL
TECHNOLOGIES, LTD 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
B - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont d) 

In
June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2016-13,
 Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ASU
2016-13 ). Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326) amends guideline on reporting credit losses for assets held
at amortized cost basis and available-for-sale debt securities. For assets held at amortized cost basis, Topic 326 eliminates the
probable initial recognition threshold in current GAAP and, instead, requires an entity to reflect its current estimate of all expected
credit losses. The allowance for credit losses is a valuation account that is deducted from the amortized cost basis of the financial
assets to present the net amount expected to be collected. For available-for-sale debt securities, credit losses should be measured
in a manner similar to current GAAP, however Topic 326 will require that credit losses be presented as an allowance rather than as a
write-down. ASU 2016-13 affects entities holding financial assets and net investment in leases that are not accounted for at fair
value through net income. The amendments affect loans, debt securities, trade receivables, net investments in leases, off balance
sheet credit exposures, reinsurance receivables, and any other financial assets not excluded from the scope that have the contractual
right to receive cash. The amendments in this ASU will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including
interim periods within those fiscal years. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-13 on our financial
statements. 

In
July 2017, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2017-11. Among other
things, ASU 2017-11 provides guidance that eliminates the requirement to consider down round features when determining
whether certain financial instruments or embedded features are indexed to an entity s stock and need to be classified as liabilities.
ASU 2017-11 provides for entities to recognize the effect of a down round feature only when it is triggered and then as a dividend and
a reduction to income available to common stockholders in basic earnings per share. The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2018; early adoption is permitted. The Company has adopted ASU 2017-11. As a result, we have not recognized the fair
value of the warrants containing down round features as liabilities. 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives
and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) . This ASU reduces the number of accounting models
for convertible debt instruments and convertible preferred stock. As well as amend the guidance for the derivatives scope exception
for contracts in an entity s own equity to reduce form-over-substance-based accounting conclusions. In addition, this ASU
improves and amends the related EPS guidance. This standard is effective for us on May 1, 2022, including interim periods within those
fiscal years. Adoption is either a modified retrospective method or a fully retrospective method of transition. We are currently
evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2020-06 on our financial statements. 

Management has evaluated other recently issued
accounting pronouncements and does not believe that any of these pronouncements will have a significant impact on our consolidated financial
statements and related disclosures. 

GLOBAL
TECHNOLOGIES, LTD 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

ownership of TCBM Holdings, LLC TCBM and TCBM s two wholly owned subsidiaries,
HMNRTH, LLC and 911 Help Now, LLC. The combination has been accounted for in the accompanying consolidated financial statements as an
 acquisition transaction. Accordingly, the financial position and results of operation of the Company prior to November
30, 2019 has been excluded from the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The Company acquired a 100 interest in exchange
for a Convertible Promissory Note in the amount of . 

- 
 
 Inventory 

- 
 
 Property
 and Equipment 

- 
 
 Total 

- 

Goodwill
and Intangibles 

Goodwill
is recorded when the cost of acquired businesses exceeds the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired. Intangible assets other
than goodwill are recorded at fair value at the time acquired or at cost, if applicable. Intangible assets that do not have indefinite
lives are amortized in line with the pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangible asset are consumed. If the pattern of economic
benefit cannot be reliably determined, the intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the legal or
estimated life. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles assets are not amortized but are tested for impairment in the fourth quarter
using the same dates each year or more frequently if changes in circumstances or the occurrence of events indicate potential impairment. 

In
performing the annual impairment test, the fair value of each indefinite-lived intangible asset is compared to its carrying value and
an impairment charge is recorded if the carrying value exceeds the fair value. For goodwill, the Company first assesses qualitative factors
to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, and whether
it is necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. The quantitative test is required only if the Company concludes
that it is more-likely-than-not that a reporting unit s fair value is less than its carrying amount. For quantitative testing,
the Company compares the fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying amount. If the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, an
impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit s fair value, not to exceed
the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. 

Fair
values are determined using established business valuation techniques and models developed by the Company, estimates of market participant
assumptions of future cash flows, future growth rates and discount rates to value estimated cash flows. Changes in economic and operating
conditions, actual growth below the assumed market participant assumptions or an increase in the discount rate could result in an impairment
charge in a future period. 

Acquisitions 

Upon
acquisition of a business, the Company uses the income, market or cost approach (or a combination thereof) for the valuation as appropriate.
The valuation inputs in these models and analyses are based on market participant assumptions. Market participants are considered
to be buyers and sellers unrelated to the Company in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability. 

Fair
value estimates are based on a series of judgments about future events and uncertainties and rely heavily on estimates and assumptions.
Management values property, plant and equipment using the cost approach supported where available by observable market data, which includes
consideration of obsolescence. Management values acquired intangible assets using the relief from royalty method or excess earnings method,
forms of the income approach supported by observable market data for peer companies. The significant assumptions used to estimate the
value of the acquired intangible assets include discount rates and certain assumptions that form the basis of future cash flows (such
as revenue growth rates, customer attrition rates, and royalty rates). Acquired inventories are marked to fair value for valuation of
the total purchase price. For certain items, the carrying value is determined to be a reasonable approximation of fair value based on
information available to the Company. 

Inventory
 (i) 

Property,
 plant and equipment (ii) 

Assets acquired excluding goodwill 

Goodwill
 (iii) 

Total purchase price 

(i) 

(ii) 

(iii) 

Additions
 and adjustments 

Balance as of June
 30, 2021 

For the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded an
impairment of goodwill in the amount of and , respectively. During the fourth quarter
of fiscal 2021 (second calendar quarter of 2021), the Company performed an interim goodwill impairment analysis on the TCBM Holdings,
LLC acquisition and its goodwill balance based on assessed potential indicators of impairment, including recent disruptions
to the domestic CBD market resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the increasing uncertainty of near-term demand requirements, supply
constraints and financing constraints. In the previous 2020 annual goodwill impairment evaluation, this reporting unit had a fair value
of approximately 100 of the carrying value. The impairment assessment and valuation method require the Company to make estimates and
assumptions regarding future operating results, cash flows, changes in working capital and capital expenditures, selling prices, profitability,
and the cost of capital. As a result of the fourth quarter 2021 goodwill impairment evaluation, the Company determined that the fair
value of the TCBM Holdings, LLC acquisition was below carrying value, including goodwill, by . This was primarily due to changes
in the timing and amount of expected cash flows resulting from lower projected revenues, profitability and cash flows due to near-term
reductions in the domestic CBD market. Consequently, during the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company recorded a impairment charge
for the partial impairment of the TCBM Holdings, LLC acquisition goodwill. 

Less: accumulated depreciation (ii) 

() 

() 
 
 Total 

(i) 
 
 (ii) and , respectively. 

Total 
 - 

GLOBAL
TECHNOLOGIES, LTD 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
E ACCRUED OFFICER AND DIRECTOR COMPENSATION (cont d) 

Officer s/director s
 compensation for the year ended June 30, 2020 (including stock-based compensation of accrued as Stock to be Issued) 
 - 

Balances
 at June 30, 2020 
 - 

Officer s/director s compensation for
 the year ended June 30, 2021 (including stock-based compensation of accrued as Stock to be Issued) 
 - 

Cash compensation 
 - 

Balances at June 30, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(i) As
 of June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, total shares of common stock accrued as
 Stock to be Issued to Mr. Anderson as per the terms of the Board of Director s
 Services Agreement is 
 and
 ,
 respectively. 

Please
 see NOTE M - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS for further information. 

Convertible
 Promissory Note dated January 24, 2018 payable to Tri-Bridge Ventures, LLC Tri-Bridge ), interest at 10 , due January
 24, 2019-with unamortized debt discount of 
 and 
 at June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively
 (i) 
 - 

Convertible
 Promissory Note dated February 16, 2018 payable to Tri-Bridge Ventures, LLC Tri-Bridge ), interest at 10 , due February
 16, 2019-with unamortized debt discount of 
 and 
 at June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively
 (ii) 
 - 

Convertible
 Promissory Note dated June 3, 2018 payable to Valvasone Trust Valvasone ), interest at 5 , default rate of 15 , due
 June 3, 2019-with unamortized debt discount of 
 and 
 at June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively
 (iii) 
 - 

Convertible
 Promissory Note dated June 29, 2018 payable to Jody A. DellaDonna JDD ), interest at 5 , default rate of 15 , due June
 29, 2019-with unamortized debt discount of 
 and 
 at June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively
 (iv) 
 - 

Convertible
 Promissory Note dated November 30, 2019 payable to Jetco Holdings, LLC Jetco ), interest at 3 , due November 30, 2020-with
 unamortized debt discount of 
 and 
 at June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively
 (v) 
 - 

Convertible
 Promissory Note dated December 17, 2019 payable to Armada Investment Fund, LLC Armada ), interest at 8 , due December
 17, 2020, in technical default-with unamortized debt discount of 
 and 
 at, June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively
 (vi) 

Convertible
 Promissory Note dated March 20, 2020 payable to Jetco Holdings, LLC Jetco ), interest at 3 , due March 20, 2021-with
 unamortized debt discount of 
 and 
 at, June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively
 (vii) 
 - 

Convertible Promissory Note dated
 September 3, 2020 payable to Graphene Holdings, LLC Graphene ), interest at 3 , due March 3, 2021, in technical default,
 with unamortized debt discount of and at, June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively (viii) 
 
 - 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note dated
 September 9, 2020 payable to Graphene Holdings, LLC Graphene ), interest at 3 , due March 9, 2021, in technical default,
 with unamortized debt discount of and at, June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively (ix) 
 
 - 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note dated
 January 20, 2021 payable to Tri-Bridge Ventures, LLC Tri-Bridge ), interest at 10 , due January 20, 2022, with unamortized
 debt discount of and at June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively (x) 
 
 - 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note dated
 February 22, 2021 payable to Tri-Bridge Ventures, LLC Tri-Bridge ), interest at 10 , due February 22, 2022, with unamortized
 debt discount of and at June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively (xi) 
 
 - 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note dated
 June 17, 2021 payable to Power Up Lending Group Ltd. Power Up ), interest at 8 , due June 17, 2022-with unamortized
 debt discount of and at, June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively (xii) 
 
 - 
 
 Totals 

(i) 
 . The Convertible Note was fully funded on January 24, 2018. The Convertible Note is convertible,
 in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time before maturity at the option of the holder. of the Market Price. Market
 Price shall mean the lowest of the daily Trading Price for the Common Stock during the twenty Trading Day period ending
 on the latest complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date. The Valuation Period shall mean twenty (20) Trading
 Days, commencing on the first Trading Day following delivery and clearing of the Notice Shares in Holder s brokerage account,
 as reported by Holder Valuation Start Date ). If at any time, one or multiple times, during the Valuation Period the
 number of Estimated Shares delivered to Holder is less than the Notice Shares, the company must immediately deliver enough shares
 equal to the difference. A Conversion Amount will not be considered fully converted until the end of the Valuation Period for that
 Conversion Amount. Trading Price means, for any security as of any date, any trading price on the OTC Bulletin Board,
 or other applicable trading market (the OTCBB as reported by a reliable reporting service Reporting Service mutually acceptable to Maker and Holder (i.e. Bloomberg) or, if the OTCBB is not the principal trading market for such security,
 the price of such security on the principal securities exchange or trading market where such security is listed or traded. Trading
 Day shall mean any day on which the Common Stock is tradable for any period on the OTCBB, or on the principal securities The
 Convertible Note has a term of one year and bears interest at annually. On March 31, 2021, the Holder agreed to forgive
 all outstanding principal and interest in the amounts of and , respectively. As of June 30, 2021, there was 
 outstanding principal or interest due. 

GLOBAL
TECHNOLOGIES, LTD 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

(ii) 
 . The Convertible Note was fully funded on February 16, 2018. at the option of the holder at the Variable Conversion Price, which shall be equal to the lesser of (i) the price of any public offering
 of the Maker s Common Stock or (ii) Fifty Percent of the lowest Trading Price (defined below) during the Twenty Trading Day period prior to the day the Holder delivers the Conversion
 Notice, and the Conversion Amount shall be the amount of principal or interest electively converted in the Conversion Notice. Trading
 Price means, for any security as of any date, any trading price on the OTC Bulletin Board, or other applicable trading market
 (the OTCBB as reported by a reliable reporting service Reporting Service mutually acceptable to Maker
 and Holder (i.e. Bloomberg) or, if the OTCBB is not the principal trading market for such security, the price of such security on
 the principal securities exchange or trading market where such security is listed or traded. Trading Day shall mean
 any day on which the Common Stock is tradable for any period on the OTCBB, or on the principal securities exchange or other securities
 market on which the Common Stock is then being traded. The Convertible Note has a term of one year and bears interest at annually. On March
 31, 2021, the Holder agreed to forgive all outstanding principal and interest in the amounts of and , respectively.
 As of June 30, 2021, there was outstanding principal or interest due. 

(iii) 
 .
 The Convertible Note was issued for compensation due for consulting services. at the option of the holder at the conversion price which shall be equal to the lower of: (a) 
 of
 the lowest trading price of the Company s common stock during the 
 consecutive
 Trading Days prior to the date on which Holder elects to convert all or part of the Note or (b) 50 of the lowest trading price of
 the Company s common stock during the 25 consecutive Trading Days prior to the Effective Date. The Convertible Note
 has a term of one (1) year and bears interest at 
 annually. On January 14, 2021, the Company issued shares of restricted common stock to the noteholder in satisfaction
 of principal against the Convertible Note. On March 31, 2021, the Company issued the Holder 26 shares of its Series L
 Preferred Stock in satisfaction of 
 principal, 
 default principal, 
 interest and 
 default interest. A balance of 
 was forgiven by the Holder. As of June 30, 2021, there was no outstanding principal or interest due. 

(iv) 
 .
The Convertible Note was issued for compensation due for consulting services. at the option of the holder at the conversion price which shall be
equal to the lower of: (a) of the lowest trading price of the Company s common stock during the consecutive Trading Days
prior to the date on which Holder elects to convert all or part of the Note or (b) 50 of the lowest trading price of the Company s
common stock during the 25 consecutive Trading Days prior to the Effective Date. The Convertible Note has a term of one year and bears interest at annually. On March 31, 2021, the Company issued
the Holder 8 shares of its Series L Preferred Stock in satisfaction of principal, default principal, interest and
 default interest. A balance of was forgiven by the Holder. As of June 30, 2021, there was outstanding principal
or interest due. 

(v) 
 .
 The Convertible Note was Issued as part of the Purchase and Sale Agreement for the acquisition of TCBM Holdings, LLC. The Convertible
 Note is convertible, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time before maturity at the option of the holder. 
 multiplied
 by the Market Price (as defined herein)(representing a discount rate of 30 ), subject to adjustment as described herein Conversion
 Price ). Market Price means the lowest one (1) Trading Prices (as defined below) for the Common Stock during the twenty
 Trading Day period ending on the last complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date. Trading Prices means, for
 any security as of any date, the lowest traded price on the Over-the Counter Pink Marketplace, OTCQB, or applicable trading market
 (the OTCQB as reported by a reliable reporting service Reporting Service designated by the Holder
 (i.e. www.Nasdaq.com) or, if the OTCQB is not the principal trading market for such security, on the principal securities exchange
 or trading market where such security is listed or traded or, if the lowest intraday trading price of such security is not available
 in any of the foregoing manners, the lowest intraday price of any market makers for such security that are quoted on the OTC Markets.
 The Convertible Note has a term of one year and bears interest at 
 annually. On January 19, 2021, the Company issued shares of restricted common stock to the noteholder in satisfaction
 of principal against the Convertible Note. On March 15, 2021, the outstanding principal and interest on the Note were
 
 and ,
 respectively. On this same date, the Holder agreed to forgive 
 in outstanding principal and all outstanding interest leaving a remaining principal balance of .
 On March 15, 2021, the Company issued the Holder fifty (50) shares of the Company s Series L Preferred Stock in satisfaction
 of the 
 principal balance. As of June 30, 2021, there was no outstanding principal or interest due. 

(vi) 

OID).
 The Convertible Note has a term of one year (due on and bears interest at 
 annually.
 
 multiplied
 by the Market Price (as defined herein)(representing a discount rate of 40 ), subject to
 adjustment as described herein Conversion Price ). Market Price means
 the lowest one (1) Trading Prices (as defined below) for the Common Stock during the twenty
 Trading Day period ending on the last complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date. 
 Trading
 Prices means, for any security as of any date, the lowest traded price on the Over-the
 Counter Pink Marketplace, OTCQB, or applicable trading market (the OTCQB as
 reported by a reliable reporting service Reporting Service designated by
 the Holder (i.e. www.Nasdaq.com) or, if the OTCQB is not the principal trading market for
 such security, on the principal securities exchange or trading market where such security
 is listed or traded or, if the lowest intraday trading price of such security is not available
 in any of the foregoing manners, the lowest intraday price of any market makers for such
 security that are quoted on the OTC Markets. As part and parcel of the foregoing transaction,
 Armada was issued a warrant granting the holder the right to purchase up to 
 shares
 of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 
 for
 a term of -years.
 The transaction closed on December 17, 2019. In addition, 
 shares
 of the Company s common stock have been reserved at Pacific Stock Transfer Corporation
 for possible issuance upon the conversion of the Note into shares of our common stock. As
 of June 30, 2021, 
 principal
 plus 
 interest
 were due. 

(vii) 
 .
 The Convertible Note is convertible, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time before maturity at the option
 of the holder. 
 multiplied
 by the Market Price (as defined herein)(representing a discount rate of 30 ), subject to adjustment as described herein Conversion
 Price ). Market Price means the lowest one (1) Trading Prices (as defined below) for the Common Stock during the twenty
 Trading Day period ending on the last complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date. Trading
 Prices means, for any security as of any date, the lowest traded price on the Over-the Counter Pink Marketplace, OTCQB, or
 applicable trading market (the OTCQB as reported by a reliable reporting service Reporting Service designated by the Holder (i.e. www.Nasdaq.com) or, if the OTCQB is not the principal trading market for such security, on the principal
 securities exchange or trading market where such security is listed or traded or, if the lowest intraday trading price of such security
 is not available in any of the foregoing manners, the lowest intraday price of any market makers for such security that are quoted
 on the OTC Markets. The Convertible Note has a term of one year and bears interest at 
 annually. On February
 4, 2021, the Company remitted payment to the Holder in the amount of .93 to satisfy all outstanding principal and interest
 due under the Convertible Note. As of June 30, 2021, there was outstanding principal or interest due. 

(viii) 
 .
 The Convertible Note is convertible, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time before maturity at the option of the holder. 
 multiplied by the Market Price (as defined herein)(representing a discount rate of 30 ), subject to adjustment as described herein
 Conversion Price ). Market Price means the lowest one (1) Trading Prices (as defined below) for the Common
 Stock during the twenty Trading Day period ending on the last complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date. Trading Prices means,
 for any security as of any date, the lowest traded price on the Over-the Counter Pink Marketplace, OTCQB, or applicable trading
 market (the OTCQB as reported by a reliable reporting service Reporting Service designated by the
 Holder (i.e. www.Nasdaq.com) or, if the OTCQB is not the principal trading market for such security, on the principal securities
 exchange or trading market where such security is listed or traded or, if the lowest intraday trading price of such security is not
 available in any of the foregoing manners, the lowest intraday price of any market makers for such security that are quoted on the
 OTC Markets. The Convertible Note has a term of one year and bears interest at 
 annually. As of June 30, 2021, 
 principal plus 
 interest were due. Please see NOTE M - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS for further information. 

(ix) 
 . The Convertible Note is convertible, in whole or in part, at any time
 and from time to time before maturity at the option of the holder. multiplied by the Market Price (as defined herein)(representing
 a discount rate of 30 ), subject to adjustment as described herein Conversion Price ). Market Price means
 the lowest one (1) Trading Prices (as defined below) for the Common Stock during the twenty Trading Day period ending on the
 last complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date. Trading Prices means, for any security as of any date, the
 lowest traded price on the Over-the Counter Pink Marketplace, OTCQB, or applicable trading market (the OTCQB as reported
 by a reliable reporting service Reporting Service designated by the Holder (i.e. www.Nasdaq.com) or, if the OTCQB
 is not the principal trading market for such security, on the principal securities exchange or trading market where such security
 is listed or traded or, if the lowest intraday trading price of such security is not available in any of the foregoing manners, the
 lowest intraday price of any market makers for such security that are quoted on the OTC Markets. The Convertible Note has a term
 of one year and bears interest at annually. As of June 30, 2021, principal plus interest were due. 

(x) 
 . The Convertible Note shall accrue interest at per annum.
 The Convertible Note was partially funded on January 27, 2021 in the amount of . at the option of the holder. The Conversion
 Price shall be equal to Fifty Percent of the lowest Trading Price (defined below) during the Valuation Period (defined below),
 and the Conversion Amount shall be the amount of principal or interest electively converted in the Conversion Notice. The total number
 of shares due under any conversion notice Notice Shares will be equal to the Conversion Amount divided by the Conversion
 Price. On the date that a Conversion Notice is delivered to Holder, the Company shall deliver an estimated number of shares Estimated
 Shares to Holder s brokerage account equal to the Conversion Amount divided by 50 of the Market Price. Market
 Price shall mean the lowest of the daily Trading Price for the Common Stock during the twenty Trading Day period ending
 on the latest complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date. The Valuation Period shall mean twenty (20) Trading
 Days, commencing on the first Trading Day following delivery and clearing of the Notice Shares in Holder s brokerage account,
 as reported by Holder Valuation Start Date ). As of June 30, 2021, principal plus interest were due. 

(xi) 
 . The Convertible Note shall accrue interest at per annum.) at
 the option of the holder. The conversion price shall be equal to the lesser of (i) the price of any public offering of the Maker s
 Common Stock or (ii) Fifty Percent of the lowest Trading Price (defined below) during the Twenty Trading Day period prior to
 the day the Holder delivers the Conversion Notice Conversion Price ). Trading Price means, for
 any security as of any date, any trading price on the OTC Bulletin Board, or other applicable trading market (the OTCBB as reported by a reliable reporting service Reporting Service mutually acceptable to Maker and Holder (i.e. Bloomberg)
 or, if the OTCBB is not the principal trading market for such security, the price of such security on the principal securities exchange
 or trading market where such security is listed or traded. Trading Day shall mean any day on which the Common Stock
 is tradable for any period on the OTCBB, or on the principal securities exchange or other securities market on which the Common Stock
 is then being traded. The Convertible Note was funded on March 2, 2021. As of June 30, 2021, principal plus interest
 were due. 

(xii) 
 . The Convertible Note has a term of one year and bears interest
 at annually. Trading Day period ending on the latest complete
 Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date. Trading Price means, for any security as of any date, the closing bid price
 on the OTCQB, OTCQX, Pink Sheets electronic quotation system or applicable trading market (the OTC as reported by
 a reliable reporting service Reporting Service designated by the Holder (i.e. Bloomberg) or, if the OTC is not the
 principal trading market for such security, the closing bid price of such security on the principal securities exchange or trading
 market where such security is listed or traded or, if no closing bid price of such security is available in any of the foregoing
 manners, the average of the closing bid prices of any market makers for such security that are listed in the pink sheets .
 The transaction closed on June 21, 2021. As of June 30, 2021, principal plus interest were due. 

- 
 
 Forgiveness of interest Around the Clock Partners, LP 
 
 - 
 
 Forgiveness of interest Valvasone Trust 
 
 - 
 
 Forgiveness of interest Jody A. DellaDonna 
 
 - 
 
 Forgiveness of Jetco Holdings, LLC principal and interest 
 
 - 
 
 Total 
 
 - 

Default
principal, notes payable-third parties: 

June 30, 2021 
 June 30, 2020 

Armada Investment Fund, LLC 
 
 - 
 
 Graphene Holdings, LLC 
 
 - 
 
 Total 
 
 - 

Accrued
default interest, notes payable-third parties: 

June 30, 2021 
 June 30, 2020 

Armada Investment Fund, LLC 
 
 - 
 
 Graphene Holdings, LLC 
 
 - 
 
 Total 
 
 - 

GLOBAL
TECHNOLOGIES, LTD 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

Unsecured
 Convertible Promissory Notes dated July 27, 2018, payable to Around the Clock Partners, LP
 (entity controlled by Wayne Anderson), interest at , default rate of , due - less unamortized debt discount of and at June 30, 2021 and June
 30, 2020, respectively (i) 
 - 

Total 
 - 

(i) 
 . The Convertible Note was issued for compensation due for consulting services. The Convertible
 Note is convertible, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time before maturity (July 27, 2019) at the option of the
 holder at the conversion price which shall be equal to the lower of: of the lowest trading price of the Company s common
 stock during the consecutive Trading Days prior to the date on which Holder elects to convert all or part of the Note or (b) 50 
 of the lowest trading price of the Company s common stock during the 25 consecutive Trading Days prior to the Effective Date. 
 The Convertible Note has a term of one year and bears interest at annually. On March 1, 2021, the Company issued the Holder
 40 shares of its Series L Preferred Stock in satisfaction of principal, default principal, interest and
 default interest. A balance of was forgiven by the Holder. As of June 30, 2021, there was outstanding principal
 or interest due. 

Convertible
 Promissory Note payable to Valvasone Trust. Please see NOTE F NOTES PAYABLE, THIRD PARTIES for further information 
 - 

Convertible
 Promissory Notes payable to Jody A. DellaDonna. Please see NOTE F NOTES PAYABLE, THIRD PARTIES for further information 
 - 

Convertible
 Promissory Note payable to Around the Clock Partners, LP. Please see NOTE G NOTES PAYABLE, RELATED PARTIES for further
 information 
 - 

Convertible
 Promissory Notes payable to Jetco Holdings, LLC. Please see NOTE G NOTES PAYABLE, RELATED PARTIES for further information 
 - 

Convertible
 Promissory Note payable to Armada Investment Fund, LLC. Please see NOTE G NOTES PAYABLE, RELATED PARTIES for further
 information 

Convertible Promissory Notes payable to Graphene Holdings,
 LLC. Please see NOTE G NOTES PAYABLE, THIRD PARTIES for further information 
 
 - 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note payable to Power Up Lending
 Group Ltd. Please see NOTE G NOTES PAYABLE, RELATED PARTIES for further information 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 derivative liability 

The
Convertible Promissory Notes (the Notes contain a variable conversion feature based on the future trading price of the
Company s common stock. Therefore, the number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes is indeterminate.
Accordingly, we have recorded the fair value of the embedded conversion features as a derivative liability at the respective issuance
dates of the notes and charged the applicable amounts to debt discounts (limited to the face value of the respective notes) and the remainder
to other expenses. The increase (decrease) in the fair value of the derivative liability from the respective issue dates of the notes
to the measurement dates is charged (credited) to other expense (income). 

The
fair value of the derivative liability was measured at the respective issuance dates and at June 30, 2021, and June 30, 2020
using the Black Scholes option pricing model. Assumptions used for the calculation of the derivative liability of the Notes at June
30, 2021 were (1) stock price of 
 per share, (2) conversion prices ranging from 
 to 
 per share, (3) term of 
 months to 
 year, (4) expected volatility of 
to ,
and (5) risk free interest rate of .
Assumptions used for the calculation of the derivative liability of the Notes at June 30, 2020 were (1) stock price of 
 per share, (2) conversion prices ranging from 
 to 
 per share, (3) term of 
 months to 
 year, (4) expected volatility of 
 to ,
and (5) risk free interest rate of . 

Additions 

Gain 

Change resulting from conversions 
 - 
 
 Balance at June 30, 2020 

Additions 

(Gain)Loss year to date 

Change resulting from conversions and payoffs 

Balance at June 30, 2021 

. The designation of the new Series A 8 Convertible Preferred Stock was approved by
the Board of Directors on August 16, 1999. The Company is authorized to issue shares of the Series A 8 Convertible Preferred Stock.
At June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company had and shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

On
September 30, 1999, the Company filed a Certificate of Designations, Rights, Preferences and Limitations for a newly designated Series
B 8 Convertible Preferred Stock, par value . The designation of the new Series B 8 Convertible Preferred Stock was approved by
the Board of Directors on August 16, 1999. The Company is authorized to issue shares of the Series B 8 Convertible Preferred Stock.
At June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company had and shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

GLOBAL
TECHNOLOGIES, LTD 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
I - CAPITAL STOCK (cont d) 

On
February 15, 2000, the Company filed a Certificate of Designations, Rights, Preferences and Limitations for a newly designated Series
C 5 Convertible Preferred Stock, par value . The designation of the new Series C 5 Convertible Preferred Stock was approved by
the Board of Directors on February 14, 2000. The Company is authorized to issue shares of the Series C 5 Convertible Preferred
Stock. At June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company had and shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

On
April 26, 2001, the Company filed a Certificate of Designations, Rights, Preferences and Limitations for a newly designated Series D
Convertible Preferred Stock, par value . The designation of the new Series D Convertible Preferred Stock was approved by the Board
of Directors on April 26, 2001. The Company is authorized to issue shares of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock. At June 30,
2021 and 2020, the Company had and shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

On
June 28, 2001, the Company filed a Certificate of Designations, Rights, Preferences and Limitations for a newly designated Series E 8 
Convertible Preferred Stock, par value . The designation of the new Series E 8 Convertible Preferred Stock was approved by the
Board of Directors on March 30, 2001. The Company is authorized to issue shares of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock. At June
30, 2021 and 2020, the Company had and shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Series
K Super Voting Preferred Stock 

On
July 31, 2019, the Company filed a Certificate of Designations, Rights, Preferences and Limitations for a newly designated Series K Super
Voting Preferred Stock, par value . The designation of the new Series K Super Voting Preferred Stock was approved by the Board of
Directors on July 16, 2019. The Company is authorized to issue three shares of the Series K Super Voting Preferred Stock. At June
30, 2021 and 2020, the Company had and shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Dividends.
 Initially, there will be no dividends due or payable on the Series K Super Voting Preferred Stock. Any future terms with respect
to dividends shall be determined by the Board consistent with the Corporation s Certificate of Incorporation. Any and all such
future terms concerning dividends shall be reflected in an amendment to this Certificate, which the Board shall promptly file or cause
to be filed. 

Liquidation
and Redemption Rights. Upon the occurrence of a Liquidation Event (as defined below), the holders of Series K Super Voting Preferred
Stock are entitled to receive net assets on a pro-rata basis. Each holder of Series K Super Voting Preferred Stock is entitled to receive
ratably any dividends declared by the Board, if any, out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends. As used herein, Liquidation
Event means (i) the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, whether voluntary or involuntary, of the Corporation, (ii) the purchase
or redemption by the Corporation of shares of any class of stock or the merger or consolidation of the Corporation with or into any other
corporation or corporations, unless (a) the holders of the Series K Super Voting Preferred Stock receive securities of the surviving
Corporation having substantially similar rights as the Series K Super Voting Preferred Stock and the stockholders of the Corporation
immediately prior to such transaction are holders of at least a majority of the voting securities of the successor Corporation immediately
thereafter (the Permitted Merger ), unless the holders of the shares of Series K Super Voting Preferred Stock elect otherwise
or (b) the sale, license or lease of all or substantially all, or any material part of, the Corporation s assets, unless the holders
of Series K Super Voting Preferred Stock elect otherwise. 

Conversion.
 No conversion of the Series K Super Voting Preferred Stock is permitted. 

Rank .

Voting
Rights. 

A.
If at least one share of Series K Super Voting Preferred Stock is issued and outstanding, then the total aggregate issued shares of Series
K Super Voting Preferred Stock at any given time, regardless of their number, shall have voting rights equal to 20 times the sum of:
i) the total number of shares of Common stock which are issued and outstanding at the time of voting, plus ii) the total number of shares
of any and all Preferred stocks which are issued and outstanding at the time of voting. 

GLOBAL
TECHNOLOGIES, LTD 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
I - CAPITAL STOCK (cont d) 

B.
Each individual share of Series K Super Voting Preferred Stock shall have the voting rights equal to: 

[twenty
times the sum of: {all shares of Common stock issued and outstanding at the time of voting + all shares of any other Preferred stocks
issued and outstanding at the time of voting}] 

Divided
by: 

[the
number of shares of Series K Super Voting Preferred Stock issued and outstanding at the time of voting] 

With
respect to all matters upon which stockholders are entitled to vote or to which stockholders are entitled to give consent, the holders
of the outstanding shares of Series K Super Voting Preferred Stock shall vote together with the holders of Common Stock without regard
to class, except as to those matters on which separate class voting is required by applicable law or the Certificate of Incorporation
or By-laws. 

Series
L Preferred Stock 

On
July 31, 2019, the Company filed a Certificate of Designations, Rights, Preferences and Limitations for a newly designated Series L Preferred
Stock, par value . The designation of the new Series L Preferred Stock was approved by the Board of Directors on July 16, 2019.
The Company is authorized to issue five hundred thousand shares of the Series L Preferred Stock. At June 30, 2021 and
2020, the Company had and shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Dividends.
 The holders of Series L Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors,
in its sole discretion. 

Voting. 

a.
If at least one share of Series L Preferred Stock is issued and outstanding, then the total aggregate issued shares of Series L Preferred
Stock at any given time, regardless of their number, shall have voting rights equal to four times the sum of: i) the total number of
shares of Common Stock which are issued and outstanding at the time of voting, plus ii) the total number of shares of all series of Preferred
Stock which are issued and outstanding at the time of voting. 

b.
Each individual share of Series L Preferred Stock shall have the voting rights equal to: 

[four
times the sum of: {all shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding at time of voting + the total number of shares of all series of
Preferred Stock issued and outstanding at time of voting}] 

divided
by: 

[the
number of shares of Series L Preferred Stock issued and outstanding at the time of voting] 

Conversion
Rights . 

a)
 Outstanding . If at least one share of Series L Preferred Stock is issued and outstanding, then the total aggregate issued shares
of Series L Preferred Stock at any given time, regardless of their number, shall be convertible into the number of shares of Common Stock
defined by the formula set forth is section 4.b. 

b)
 Method of Conversion . 

i.
Procedure- Before any holder of Series L Preferred Stock shall be entitled to convert the same into shares of common stock, such holder
shall surrender the certificate or certificates therefore, duly endorsed, at the office of the Company or of any transfer agent for the
Series L Preferred Stock, and shall give written notice 5 business days prior to date of conversion to the Company at its principal corporate
office, of the election to convert the same and shall state therein the name or names in which the certificate or certificates for shares
of common stock are to be issued. The Company shall, within five business days, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Series
L Preferred Stock, or to the nominee or nominees of such holder, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of common stock
to which such holder shall be entitled as aforesaid. Conversion shall be deemed to have been effected on the date when delivery of notice
of an election to convert and certificates for shares is made, and such date is referred to herein as the Conversion Date. 

GLOBAL
TECHNOLOGIES, LTD 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
I - CAPITAL STOCK (cont d) 

ii.
Issuance- Shares of Series L Preferred Stock may only be issued in exchange for the partial or full retirement of debt held by Management,
Employees, Consultants or as directed by a majority vote of the Board of Directors. The number of Shares of Series L Preferred Stock
to be issued to each qualified person (member of Management, Employee or Consultant) holding a Note shall be determined by the following
formula: 

For
retirement of debt: 

iii.
Calculation for conversion into Common Stock- Each individual share of Series L Preferred Stock shall be convertible into the number
of shares of Common Stock equal to: 

[5000] 

divided
by: 

[.50
times the lowest closing price of the Company s common stock for the immediate five-day period prior to the receipt of the Notice
of Conversion remitted to the Company by the Series L Preferred stockholder] 

Common
Stock 

Class
A and Class B: 

Identical
Rights. Except as otherwise expressly provided in ARTICLE FIVE of the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
dated August 13, 1999, all Common Shares shall be identical and shall entitle the holders thereof to the same rights and privileges. 

GLOBAL
TECHNOLOGIES, LTD 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
I - CAPITAL STOCK (cont d) 

Stock
Splits. The Corporation shall not in any manner subdivide (by any stock split, reclassification, stock dividend, recapitalization,
or otherwise) or combine the outstanding shares of one class of Common Shares unless the outstanding shares of all classes of Common
Shares shall be proportionately subdivided or combined. 

Liquidation
Rights . Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, after payment
shall have been made to holders of outstanding Preferred Shares, if any, of the full amount to which they are entitled pursuant to the
Certificate of Incorporation, the holders of Common Shares shall be entitled, to the exclusion of the holders of the Preferred Shares,
if any, to share ratably, in accordance with the number of Common Shares held by each such holder, in all remaining assets of the Corporation
available for distribution among the holders of Common Shares, whether such assets are capital, surplus, or earnings. For the purposes
of this paragraph, neither the consolidation or merger of the Corporation with or into any other corporation or corporations in which
the stockholders of the Corporation receive capital stock and/or securities (including debt securities) of the acquiring corporation
(or of the direct or indirect parent corporation of the acquiring corporation) nor the sale, lease or transfer of the Corporation, shall
be deemed to be a voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation as those terms are used in this
paragraph. 

Voting
Rights. 

(a)

(b)
The holders of Class A Shares and Class B Shares are not entitled to cumulative votes in the election of any directors. 

Preemptive
or Subscription Rights. No holder of Common Shares shall be entitled to preemptive or subscription rights. 

GLOBAL
TECHNOLOGIES, LTD 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
I - CAPITAL STOCK (cont d) 

Conversion
Rights. 

(a)
Automatic Conversion. Each Class B Share shall (subject to receipt of any and all necessary approvals) convert automatically into one
fully paid and non-assessable Class A Share (i) upon its sale, gift, or other transfer to a party other than a Principal Stockholder
(as defined below) or an Affiliate of a Principal Stockholder (as defined below), (ii) upon the death of the Class B Stockholder holding
such Class B Share, unless the Class B Shares are transferred by operation of law to a Principal Stockholder or an Affiliate of a Principal
Stockholder, or (iii) in the event of a sale, gift, or other transfer of a Class B Share to an Affiliate of a Principal Stockholder,
upon the death of the transferor. Each of the foregoing automatic conversion events shall be referred to hereinafter as an Event
of Automatic Conversion. For purposes of this ARTICLE FIVE, Principal Stockholder includes any of Donald H. Goldman,
Steven M. Fieldman, Lance Fieldman, Yuri Itkis, Michall Itkis and Boris Itkis and an Affiliate of a Principal Stockholder 
is a person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control
with, the person specified. For purposes of this definition, control, when used with respect to any specified person, means
the power to direct or cause the direction of the management, and policies of such person, directly or indirectly, whether through the
ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. Without limitation, an Affiliate also includes the estate of such individual. 

(b)
Voluntary Conversion. Each Class B Share shall be convertible at the option of the holder, for no additional consideration, into one
fully paid and non-assessable Class A Share at any time. 

(c)
Conversion Procedure. Promptly upon the occurrence of an Event of Automatic Conversion such that Class B shares are converted automatically
into Class A Shares, or upon the voluntary conversion by the holder, the holder of such shares shall surrender the certificate or certificates
therefor, duly endorsed in blank or accompanied by proper instruments of transfer, at the office of the Corporation or of any transfer
agent for the Class A Shares, and shall give written notice to the Corporation at such office (i) stating that the shares are being converted
pursuant to an Event of Automatic Conversion into Class A Shares as provided in subparagraph 5.6(a) hereof or a voluntary conversion
as provided in subparagraph 5.6(b) hereof, (ii) specifying the Event of Automatic Conversion (and, if the occurrence of such event is
within the control of the transferor, stating the transferor s intent to effect an Event of Automatic Conversion) or whether such
conversion is voluntary, (iii) identifying the number of Class B Shares being converted, and (iv) setting out the name or names (with
addresses) and denominations in which the certificate or certificates for Class A Shares shall be issued and including instructions for
delivery thereof. Delivery of such notice together with the certificates representing the Class B Shares shall obligate the Corporation
to issue such Class A Shares and the Corporation shall be justified in relying upon the information and the certification contained in
such notice and shall not be liable for the result of any inaccuracy with respect thereto. Thereupon, the Corporation or its transfer
agent shall promptly issue and deliver at such stated address to such holder or to the transferee of Class B Shares a certificate or
certificates for the number of Class A Shares to which such holder or transferee is entitled, registered in the name of such holder,
the designee of such holder or transferee, as specified in such notice. To the extent permitted by law, conversion pursuant to (i) an
Event of Automatic Conversion shall be deemed to have been effected as of the date on which the Event of Automatic Conversion occurred
or (ii) a voluntary conversion shall be deemed to have been effected as of the date the Corporation receives the written notice pursuant
to this subparagraph (c) (each date being the Conversion Date ). The person entitled to receive the Class A Shares issuable
upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder of such Class A Shares at and as of the Conversion Date,
and the right of such person as the holder of Class B Shares shall cease and terminate at and as of the Conversion Date, in each case
without regard to any failure by the holder to deliver the certificates or the notice by this subparagraph (c). 

(d)
Unconverted Shares. In the event of the conversion of fewer than all of the Class B Shares evidenced by a certificate surrendered to
the Corporation in accordance with the procedures of this Paragraph 5.6, the Corporation shall execute and deliver to or upon the written
order of the holder of such certificate, without charge to such holder, a new certificate evidencing the number of Class B Shares not
converted. 

(e)
Reissue of Shares. Class B Shares that are converted into Class A Shares as provided herein shall be retired and canceled and shall not
be reissued. 

(f)
Reservation. The Corporation hereby reserves and shall at all times reserve and keep available, out of its authorized and unissued Class
A Shares, for the purpose of effecting conversions, such number of duly authorized Class A Shares as shall from time to time be sufficient
to effect the conversion of all outstanding Class B Shares. The Corporation covenants that all the Class A Shares so issuable shall,
when so issued, be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free from liens and charges with respect to the issue.
The Corporation will take all such action as may be necessary to assure that all such Class A Shares may be so issued without violation
of any applicable law or regulation, or any of the requirements of any national securities exchange upon which the Class A Shares may
be listed. The Corporation will not take any action that results in any adjustment of the conversion ratio if the total number of Class
A Shares issued and issuable after such action upon conversion of the Class B Shares would exceed the total number of Class A Shares
then authorized by the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended. 

GLOBAL
TECHNOLOGIES, LTD 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
I - CAPITAL STOCK (cont d) 

At
June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company is authorized to issue and shares of Class A Common Stock,
respectively. At June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company has and shares issued and outstanding,
respectively. At June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company is authorized to issue and shares of Class B Common
Stock, respectively. At June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company has and shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Common
Stock, Preferred Stock and Warrant Issuances 

For
the twelve months ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, the Company issued and/or sold the following unregistered securities: 

Common
Stock: 

Year
ended June 30, 2021 

On September 22, 2020, the Company issued 
shares of restricted common stock with a fair market value of to a noteholder in satisfaction of in penalties against
the note dated January 24, 2018. 

On November 25, 2020, the Company issued 
shares of restricted common stock with a fair market value of to a noteholder in satisfaction of in penalties against
the note dated January 24, 2018. 

On December 13, 2020, the Company issued 
shares of restricted common stock with a fair market value of to a noteholder in satisfaction of in penalties against
the note dated January 24, 2018. 

On December 22, 2020, the Company issued 
shares of restricted common stock with a fair market value of to a noteholder in satisfaction of in penalties against
the note dated January 24, 2018. 

On January 14, 2021, the Company issued 
shares of restricted common stock with a fair market value of to a noteholder in satisfaction of principal against the
note dated June 3, 2019. 

On January 19, 2021, the Company issued 
shares of restricted common stock with a fair market value of to a noteholder in satisfaction of principal against
the note dated November 30, 2019. 

On January 21, 2021, the Company issued 
shares of restricted common stock with a fair market value of to a noteholder in satisfaction of principal against
the note dated January 24, 2018. 

On February 22, 2021, the Company issued 
shares of restricted common stock with a fair market value of to a noteholder in satisfaction of in penalties against
the note dated January 24, 2018. 

A total of shares of common stock
were returned to the Company during the year ended June 30, 2021 to be retired. 

Year ended June 30, 2020 

None 

Preferred
Stock: 

Year ended June 30, 2021 

On February 15, 2021, the Company issued shares of the Company s Series L Preferred Stock to two Consultants in satisfaction of cash
compensation due for past consulting services. Each Consultant received 50 Shares. 

On March 1, 2021, the Company issued shares of the Company s Series L Preferred Stock, to an affiliate of the Company s sole officer and director, in satisfaction of
 principal and interest outstanding on a Convertible Promissory Note dated July 27, 2018. 

On March 15, 2021, the Company issued shares 
of the Company s Series L Preferred Stock in satisfaction of principal outstanding on a Convertible Promissory Note dated
November 30, 2019. 

On March 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of the Company s Series L Preferred Stock in satisfaction of principal and interest outstanding on a Convertible
Promissory Note dated June 3, 2018. 

On March 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of the Company s Series L Preferred Stock in satisfaction of principal and interest outstanding on a Convertible Promissory
Note dated June 29, 2018. 

On March 31, 2021, the Company issued 
shares of the Company s Series L Preferred Stock to the Company s sole officer and director as reimbursement for returning
 shares of common stock to the Company. 

On March 31, 2021, the Company issued shares
of the Company s Series L Preferred Stock to a non-affiliate as reimbursement for returning shares of common stock
to the Company. 

Year ended June 30, 2020 

On August 2, 2019, the Company issued 
shares of its Series K Super Voting Preferred Stock to its sole officer and director, Jimmy Wayne Anderson. 

On September 2, 2019, the Company issued 
shares of its Series L Preferred Stock to Sylios Corp, an entity controlled by the Company s sole officer and director. 

Warrants
and Options: 

On
December 17, 2019, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Agreement with Armada Capital Partners,
LLC Armada wherein the Company issued Armada a Convertible Promissory Note (the Note in the amount of
 OID). The Note has a term of one year (due on and bears interest at annually. As part and parcel
of the foregoing transaction, Armada was issued a warrant granting the holder the right to purchase up to shares of the Company s
common stock at an exercise price of for a term of -years. The transaction closed on December 17, 2019. Please see NOTE F
- NOTES PAYABLE, THIRD PARTIES for further information. 

GLOBAL
TECHNOLOGIES, LTD 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
J - INCOME TAXES (cont d) 

Non-deductible
 stock-based compensation 

Non-deductible
 loss (nontaxable income) from derivative liability 

Non-deductible default principle 
 
 - 
 
 Non-deductible loss on issuance of convertible nots 
 
 - 
 
 Non-deductible
 amortization of debt discounts 

Impairment of goodwill 
 
 - 
 
 Forgiveness of debt and accrued interest 
 
 - 
 
 Increase
 (decrease) in Valuation allowance 

Provision
 for (benefit from) income taxes 
 - 
 - 

All
tax years remain subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service. 

Net
 operating loss carry-forwards 

Valuation
 allowance 

Net
 non-current deferred tax asset 
 - 
 - 

Based
on management s present assessment, the Company has not yet determined it to be more likely than not that a deferred tax asset
of 
 attributable to the net
operating loss carryforward as of June 30, 2021 will be realized. Accordingly, the Company has provided a 
 allowance against the deferred tax asset in the financial statements
at June 30, 2021. 

Current
tax laws limit the amount of loss available to be offset against future taxable income when a substantial change in ownership occurs.
Therefore, the amount available to offset future taxable income may be limited. 

per quarter for which Mr. Anderson serves on
the Board of Directors. In addition to cash compensation, the Company is to issue Mr. Anderson the equivalent of of the Company s
common stock on the last calendar day of each quarter. The calculation for the number of shares to be issued to Mr. Anderson shall be
as follows: 10,000/(Closing stock price on the last trading day of each quarter x .80). Please see NOTE E ACCRUED OFFICER
AND DIRECTOR COMPENSATION and NOTE M - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS for further information. 

and ,
 respectively. For the year ended June 30, 2021 and June 30,
2020, we had cash used in operating activities of 
 and ,
 respectively. We expect to continue to incur negative cash flows
until such time as our operating segments generate sufficient cash inflows to finance our operations and debt service requirements. 

In
performing the second step of this assessment, we are required to evaluate whether our plans to mitigate the conditions above alleviate
the substantial doubt about our ability to meet our obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial
statements are issued. Our future plans include securing additional funding sources that may include establishing corporate partnerships,
establishing licensing revenue agreements, issuing additional convertible debentures and issuing public or private equity securities,
including selling common stock through an at-the-market facility (ATM). 

There
is no assurance that sufficient funds required during the next year or thereafter will be generated from operations or that funds will
be available through external sources. The lack of additional capital resulting from the inability to generate cash flow from operations
or to raise capital from external sources would force the Company to substantially curtail or cease operations and would, therefore,
have a material effect on the business. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that any such required funds, if available, will be available
on attractive terms or they will not have a significant dilutive effect on the Company s existing shareholders. We have therefore
concluded there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

GLOBAL
TECHNOLOGIES, LTD 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
L - GOING CONCERN UNCERTAINTY (cont d) 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going-concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets
and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include
any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that may result from our failure to continue as a going concern. 

 upon execution of the Agreement,
and Twenty Thousand and no/100 dollars 20,000.00) paid to Mr. Anderson on the last calendar day of each quarter as long as Mr. Anderson
continues to fulfill his duties and provide the services set forth above. The compensation of per quarter shall commence with
the third calendar quarter of 2021 (first fiscal quarter of 2022). 

On July 12, 2021, the Company issued to Power
Up Lending Group Ltd. (the Investor a Convertible Promissory Note (the Convertible Note in the principal
amount of . The Convertible Note has a term of one year (Maturity Date of and bears interest at annually.
The Convertible Note is convertible, in whole or in part, and at any time during the period beginning on the date which is one hundred
eighty (180) days following the date of this Convertible Note and ending on the later of: (i) the Maturity Date and (ii) the date of
payment of the Default Amount at the option of the holder. The Variable Conversion Price shall mean multiplied by the
Market Price (as defined herein) (representing a discount rate of ). Market Price means the lowest Trading Price (as
defined below) for the Common Stock during the ten Trading Day period ending on the latest complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion
Date. Trading Price means, for any security as of any date, the closing bid price on the OTCQB, OTCQX, Pink Sheets electronic
quotation system or applicable trading market (the OTC as reported by a reliable reporting service Reporting Service designated by the Holder (i.e. Bloomberg) or, if the OTC is not the principal trading market for such security, the closing bid price
of such security on the principal securities exchange or trading market where such security is listed or traded or, if no closing bid
price of such security is available in any of the foregoing manners, the average of the closing bid prices of any market makers for such
security that are listed in the pink sheets . The transaction closed on July 15, 2021. 

On September 9, 2021, the Company issued to Power
Up Lending Group Ltd. (the Investor a Convertible Promissory Note (the Convertible Note in the principal
amount of . The Convertible Note has a term of one (1) year (Maturity Date of and bears interest at annually.
The Convertible Note is convertible, in whole or in part, and at any time during the period beginning on the date which is one hundred
eighty (180) days following the date of this Convertible Note and ending on the later of: (i) the Maturity Date and (ii) the date of
payment of the Default Amount at the option of the holder. The Variable Conversion Price shall mean multiplied by the
Market Price (as defined herein) (representing a discount rate of ). Market Price means the lowest Trading Price (as
defined below) for the Common Stock during the ten Trading Day period ending on the latest complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion
Date. Trading Price means, for any security as of any date, the closing bid price on the OTCQB, OTCQX, Pink Sheets electronic
quotation system or applicable trading market (the OTC as reported by a reliable reporting service Reporting Service designated by the Holder (i.e. Bloomberg) or, if the OTC is not the principal trading market for such security, the closing bid price
of such security on the principal securities exchange or trading market where such security is listed or traded or, if no closing bid
price of such security is available in any of the foregoing manners, the average of the closing bid prices of any market makers for such
security that are listed in the pink sheets . The transaction closed on September 13, 2021. 

On September 22, 2021, Graphene Holdings, LLC Graphene forgave all unpaid principal and interest on the Convertible Promissory Note issued by the Company on September
3, 2020 in the acquisition of Graphene s ownership interest in Global Clean Solutions, LLC Global Clean ). The
Company retained its ownership in Global Clean. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures. 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management conducted an evaluation, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer, who is our principal executive officer and
our principal financial and accounting officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of the end of the
period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on that evaluation, we concluded that because of the material
weakness and significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting described below, our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective as of June 30, 2021 or 2020. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for the preparation of our financial statements and related information. Management uses its best judgment to ensure that
the financial statements present accurately, in material respects, our financial position and results of operations in fairness
and conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in the Exchange Act. These
internal controls are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the reported financial information is presented fairly, that disclosures
are adequate, and that the assumptions and opinions in the preparation of financial statements are reasonable. There are inherent limitations
in the effectiveness of any system of internal controls, including the possibility of human error and overriding of controls. Consequently,
an ineffective internal control system can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance with respect to reporting financial information. 

Our
internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to maintaining records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
for preparation of our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that the receipts
and expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with our management s and directors authorization; and
(iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding the prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of assets
that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

We
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, based on the framework in Internal
Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO and published in 2013, and subsequent guidance prepared by COSO specifically for smaller public companies. Based on that evaluation,
management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020
for the reasons discussed below. 

A
significant deficiency is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting, that adversely affects
the entity s ability to initiate, authorize, record, process, or report financial data reliably in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles such that there is more than a remote likelihood that a misstatement of the entity s financial statements
that is more than inconsequential will not be prevented or detected by the entity s internal control. A material weakness is a
deficiency or a combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of the annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. Management identified the following material weakness and significant deficiencies in its assessment of the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020: 

The
 Company did not maintain effective controls over certain aspects of the financial reporting process because we lacked personnel with
 accounting expertise and an adequate supervisory review structure that is commensurate with our financial reporting requirements. 

Material
 Weakness Inadequate segregation of duties. 

We
expect to be materially dependent on a third party that can provide us with accounting consulting services for the foreseeable future.
Until such time as we have a chief financial officer with the requisite expertise in U.S. GAAP, there are no assurances
that the material weaknesses and significant deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial
reporting will not result in errors in our financial statements, which could lead to a restatement of those
financial statements. Our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent
all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and maintained, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must account for resource constraints. In
addition, the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Due to the inherent limitations in all control systems,
no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, can and will
be detected. 

Changes
in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended June 30, 2021 that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
period. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation
of the Consolidated Financial Statements. Estimates are used for, but not limited to, contingencies and taxes. Actual results could differ
materially from those estimates. The following critical accounting policies are impacted significantly by judgments, assumptions, and
estimates used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Loss
Contingencies 

The
Company is subject to various loss contingencies arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company considers the likelihood of
loss or impairment of an asset or the incurrence of a liability, as well as its ability to reasonably estimate the amount of loss in
determining loss contingencies. An estimated loss contingency is accrued when management concludes that it is probable that an asset
has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. The Company regularly evaluates
current information available to us to determine whether such accruals should be adjusted. 

Accounting
for Acquisitions 

In
accordance with the guidance for business combinations, we determine whether a transaction or other event is a business combination,
which requires that the assets acquired and liabilities assumed constitute a business. Each business combination is then accounted for
by applying the acquisition method. If the assets acquired are not a business, we account for the transaction or other event as an asset
acquisition. Under both methods, we recognize the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling interest
in the acquired entity. In addition, for transactions that are business combinations, we evaluate the existence of goodwill or a gain
from a bargain purchase. We capitalize acquisition-related costs and fees associated with asset acquisitions and immediately expense
acquisition-related costs and fees associated with business combinations. 

Income
Taxes 

The
Company recognizes deferred tax assets (future tax benefits) and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences
between the book carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities. The deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the
expected future tax return consequences of those differences, which are expected to be either deductible or taxable when the assets and
liabilities are recovered or settled. 

Recent
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

I n
June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2016-13,
 Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ASU
2016-13 ). Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326) amends guideline on reporting credit losses for assets held
at amortized cost basis and available-for-sale debt securities. For assets held at amortized cost basis, Topic 326 eliminates the
probable initial recognition threshold in current GAAP and, instead, requires an entity to reflect its current estimate of all expected
credit losses. The allowance for credit losses is a valuation account that is deducted from the amortized cost basis of the financial
assets to present the net amount expected to be collected. For available-for-sale debt securities, credit losses should be measured
in a manner similar to current GAAP, however Topic 326 will require that credit losses be presented as an allowance rather than as a
write-down. ASU 2016-13 affects entities holding financial assets and net investment in leases that are not accounted for at fair
value through net income. The amendments affect loans, debt securities, trade receivables, net investments in leases, off balance
sheet credit exposures, reinsurance receivables, and any other financial assets not excluded from the scope that have the contractual
right to receive cash. The amendments in this ASU will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including
interim periods within those fiscal years. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-13 on our financial
statements. 

In
July 2017, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2017-11. Among other
things, ASU 2017-11 provides guidance that eliminates the requirement to consider down round features when determining
whether certain financial instruments or embedded features are indexed to an entity s stock and need to be classified as liabilities.
ASU 2017-11 provides for entities to recognize the effect of a down round feature only when it is triggered and then as a dividend and
a reduction to income available to common stockholders in basic earnings per share. The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2018; early adoption is permitted. The Company has adopted ASU 2017-11. As a result, we have not recognized the fair
value of the warrants containing down round features as liabilities. 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives
and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) . This ASU reduces the number of accounting models
for convertible debt instruments and convertible preferred stock. As well as amend the guidance for the derivatives scope exception
for contracts in an entity s own equity to reduce form-over-substance-based accounting conclusions. In addition, this ASU
improves and amends the related EPS guidance. This standard is effective for us on May 1, 2022, including interim periods within those
fiscal years. Adoption is either a modified retrospective method or a fully retrospective method of transition. We are currently
evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2020-06 on our financial statements. 

Management
has evaluated other recently issued accounting pronouncements and does not believe that any of these pronouncements will have a significant
impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
are not currently a party to, or otherwise involved with, any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have
a current or future material effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations,
liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Share-based
Compensation 

The
Company accounts for employee stock-based compensation in accordance with the guidance of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock
Compensation FASB ASC Topic 718 ), which requires all share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee
stock options, to be recognized in the consolidated financial statements based on their fair values. 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors and Executive Officers. 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

The
names and ages of our Directors and Executive Officers are set forth below. Our By-Laws provide for not less than one Director. All Directors
are elected annually by the stockholders to serve until the next annual meeting of the stockholders and until their successors are duly
elected and qualified. The officers are elected by our Board. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position
 and Term 
 
 Jimmy
 Wayne Anderson 
 
 55 
 
 President,
 Principal Financial Officer and Chairman of the Board (January 2018 to present) 

Jimmy
Wayne Anderson, President, Principal Financial Officer, Director and Chairman of the Board Mr. Anderson is the acting President
and Chairman of the Board of Global Technologies. Mr. Anderson was appointed to the Board in December 2017 and assumed the role of President
and Principal Financial Officer in January 2018. Mr. Anderson leverages nearly 15 years of business experience inclusive of corporate
filings, filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and corporate action filings with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ). Mr. Anderson completed his undergraduate education at the University of Georgia and received his Doctorate degree
from Temple University. 

Prior
to joining the Company, Mr. Anderson held the following roles: 

1. From
 inception in 2008 to the President, Mr. Anderson has served as the sole officer and director
 of Sylios Corp, a publicly traded company listed on the OTC Markets PINK under
 the symbol UNGS. Sylios Corp is a holding corporation with a market capitalization
 of under 1 million that has operations engaged in
 the exploration and development of oil and natural gas properties, purchase of royalty and
 working interest units in producing properties (oil and natural gas) and alternative land
 development projects. The Company maintains equity investments in our two spin-offs (The
 Greater Cannabis Company, Inc. and AMDAQ Corp) catering to the medical and recreational marijuana
 industry and blockchain technology. Sylios Corp is a fully reporting entity with the
 SEC that is currently delinquent in its filings. 

2. From
 2017 to the present (except for a 6-month period in 2018), Mr. Anderson has served as the
 sole officer and director of AMDAQ Corp. AMDAQ Corp is a spin-off from Sylios Corp that is
 currently in the process of filing a Registration Statement on Form S-1. AMDAQ s multi-faceted
 business model will allow the company to take advantage of the significant emerging opportunities
 being developed utilizing blockchain technology. On March 8, 2019, the Company expanded its
 presence within the blockchain sector by acquiring Arch Exchange Transfer, LLC Arch ).
 Arch, a registered stock transfer agent, has been formed as a decentralized transfer 
 exchange service. The Company s technology is being created on the Ethereum block chain
 with an associated token to help facilitate transactions and payments. This application-based
 technology utilizes a cryptographically stored ledger in an open source peer-to-peer environment.
 AMDAQ Corp s current assets are under 1 million. 

3. From
 inception in 2014 through July 31, 2018, Mr. Anderson served as the sole officer and director
 of The Greater Cannabis Company, Inc., a publicly traded company listed on the OTC Markets
 QB under the symbol GCAN. The Greater Cannabis Company, Inc.
 is a biopharmaceutical company that is focused on the
 development and commercialization of cannabinoid delivery systems with a market capitalization
 of under 1 million. 

4. From
 April 10, 2018 through April 24, 2018, Mr. Anderson also served as the sole officer and director
 of Soligen Technologies, Inc., a publicly traded company listed on the OTC Markets PINK 
 under the symbol SGTN. Mr. Anderson resigned as a director of Soligen Technologies,
 Inc. on January 13, 2019. 

The
Company anticipates that its management team will be replaced upon a successful acquisition or merger. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among the directors and executive officers. 

Conflicts
of Interest- General 

Our
directors and officers are, or may become, in their individual capacities, officers, directors, controlling shareholder and/or partners
of other entities engaged in a variety of businesses. Thus, there exist potential conflicts of interest including, among other things,
time, efforts and corporation opportunity, involved in participation with such other business entities. While our sole officer and director
of our business is engaged in business activities outside of our business, he devotes to our business such time as he believes to be
necessary. 

Conflicts
of Interest- Corporate Opportunities 

Presently
no requirement contained in our Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws, or minutes which requires officers and directors of our business to
disclose to us business opportunities which come to their attention. Our officers and directors do, however, have a fiduciary duty of
loyalty to us to disclose to us any business opportunities which come to their attention, in their capacity as an officer and/or director
or otherwise. Excluded from this duty would be opportunities which the person learns about through his involvement as an officer and
director of another company. We have no intention of merging with or acquiring an affiliate, associate person or business opportunity
from any affiliate or any client of any such person. 

Committees
to the Board of Directors 

In
the ordinary course of business, the board of directors maintains a compensation committee and an audit committee. 

The
primary function of the compensation committee is to review and make recommendations to the board of directors with respect to the compensation,
including bonuses, of our officers and to administer the grants under our stock option plan. 

The
functions of the audit committee are to review the scope of the audit procedures employed by our independent auditors, to review with
the independent auditors our accounting practices and policies and recommend to whom reports should be submitted, to review with the
independent auditors their final audit reports, to review with our internal and independent auditors our overall accounting and financial
controls, to be available to the independent auditors during the year for consultation, to approve the audit fee charged by the independent
auditors, to report to the board of directors with respect to such matters and to recommend the selection of the independent auditors. 

In
the absence of a separate audit committee our board of directors functions as audit committee and performs some of the same functions
of an audit committee, such as recommending a firm of independent certified public accountants to audit the annual financial statements;
reviewing the independent auditor s independence, the financial statements and their audit report; and reviewing management s
administration of the system of internal accounting controls. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To
the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: 

(1)
had a petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar
officer was appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner at
or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer at
or within two years before the time of such filing; 

(2)
has been convicted in a criminal proceeding or is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and
other minor offenses); 

(3)
has been the subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
permanently or temporarily enjoining him from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: 

(i)
Acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage
transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing,
or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment
company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection
with such activity; 

(ii)
Engaging in any type of business practice; or 

(iii)
Engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of
Federal or State securities laws or Federal commodities laws; 

(4)
has been the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority
barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described in (3)(i)
above, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

(5)
has been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State securities
law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

(6)
has been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been
subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 

(7)
has been the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: 

(i)
Any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or 

(ii)
Any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent
injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or
prohibition order; or 

(iii)
Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

(8)
has been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory
organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section
1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has
disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth with respect to the named executive officer, compensation made through the twelve months ended June 30, 2021: 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary-
 Paid or accrued ) 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 Stock
 Awards ) 
 Option
 Awards ) 
 Non-Equity
 Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Change
 in Pension Value Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All
 Other Compensation 
 ) 
 Total 
 ) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c)(3) 
 (d) 

(e) 

Jimmy
 Wayne Anderson, 
 President,
 Treasurer, Secretary, Chairman (1)(2)(3) 
 2021 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

2020 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

2019 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 

2018 
 0 
 0 
 90,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

90,000 

(1) 
 On
 December 15, 2017, Jimmy Wayne Anderson was appointed to the Company s Board of Directors. 

(2) 
 On
 January 25, 2018, Mr. Anderson assumed the roles as the Company s President, Treasurer and Secretary. 

(3) 
 On
 August 2, 2019, the Company issued 3 shares of its Series K Super Voting Preferred stock Series K to the Company s
 sole officer and director, Jimmy Wayne Anderson, as consideration for services provided as an officer of the Company. The Company s
 Series K has no monetary value as there is no conversion feature, and the Company is not required to purchase the Series K from its
 holder. 

(a) 
 Accrued
 salary and salary paid. Please see NOTE G - ACCRUED OFFICER AND DIRECTOR COMPENSATION for further information. 

(b) 
 Accrued
 bonus to employee for execution of employment agreement. 

(c) 
 Delivery
 of common stock to officer for services rendered. Mr. Anderson received 900,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock. 

(d) 
 Options
 issued to employee for execution of employment agreement. More details on Options noted under Employment Agreements section below. 

(e) 
 Equity
 compensation received as a Director of the Company. 

Directors 
Compensation 

On
January 26, 2018, the Company executed a new Board of Directors Service Agreement with Wayne Anderson. Under the terms of the Agreement,
commencing the first calendar quarter of 2018 the Company is to pay Mr. Anderson 10,000 per quarter for which Mr. Anderson serves on
the Board of Directors. In addition to cash compensation, the Company is to issue Mr. Anderson the equivalent of 10,000 of the Company s
common stock on the last calendar day of each quarter. The calculation for the number of shares to be issued to Mr. Anderson shall be
as follows: 10,000/(Closing stock price on the last trading day of each quarter x .80). The Agreement is in effect so long as Mr. Anderson
serves on the Board. 

The
following table sets forth with respect to the named director, compensation information inclusive of equity awards and payments made
through the twelve months ended June 30, 2021: 

Name 
 
 Fees
 Earned 
 or
 Paid 
 in
 Cash 
 ) 

Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 

Option 
 Awards 
 ) 

Non-Equity 
 Incentive
 Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 

Nonqualified
 Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 ) 

All
 Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 

Total 
 ) 

(b) 

(c) 

(d) 

(e) 

(f) 

(g) 

(h) 

Jimmy Wayne Anderson (2021)(1) 

40,000 

40,000 

- 

- 

- 

- 

80,000 

Jimmy
 Wayne Anderson (2020)(1) 

40,000 

40,000 

- 

- 

- 

- 

80,000 

Jimmy
 Wayne Anderson (2019)(1) 

40,000 

40,000 

- 

- 

- 

- 

80,000 

Jimmy
 Wayne Anderson (2018)(1) 

20,000 

20,000 

- 

- 

- 

- 

40,000 

(1) 

On January 26, 2018, the Company executed a new Board
of Directors Service Agreement with Wayne Anderson. Under the terms of the Agreement, commencing the first calendar quarter of 2018 the
Company is to pay Mr. Anderson 10,000 per quarter for which Mr. Anderson serves on the Board of Directors. In addition to cash compensation,
the Company is to issue Mr. Anderson the equivalent of 10,000 of the Company s common stock on the last calendar day of each quarter.
The calculation for the number of shares to be issued to Mr. Anderson shall be as follows: 10,000/(Closing stock price on the last trading
day of each quarter x .80). Please see NOTE G - ACCRUED OFFICER AND DIRECTOR COMPENSATION and NOTE M - SUBSEQUENT
EVENTS 

 for further information. 

Employment
Agreements 

The
Company does not have any written agreements with any of its executive officers. 

Stock
Option Plan and other Employee Benefits Plans 

The
Company does not maintain a Stock Option Plan or other Employee Benefit Plans. 

Overview
of Compensation Program 

We
currently do not maintain a Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Until a formal committee is established, our entire Board
of Directors has responsibility for establishing, implementing and continually monitoring adherence with the Company s compensation
philosophy. The Board of Directors ensures that the total compensation paid to the executives is fair, reasonable, and competitive. 

Role
of Executive Officers in Compensation Decisions 

The
Board of Directors makes all compensation decisions for, and approves recommendations regarding equity awards to, the executive officers
and directors of the Company. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management. 

As
of October 11, 2021, the Company had authorized 14,991,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, 4,000,000 Class B Common Stock
and 5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock. There were 14,680,293,609 shares of Class A Common Stock, 0 shares of Class B Common
Stock and 258 shares of Preferred Stock issued and outstanding as of October 11, 2021. 

The
following table sets forth certain information, as of October 11, 2021, with respect to any person (including any group ,
as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) who is
known to us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5 of any class of our voting securities, and as to those shares of
our equity securities beneficially owned by each of our directors and executive officers and all of our directors and executive officers
as a group. 

The
number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by each person is determined under the rules of the Commission and the information
is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under such rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares
as to which such person has sole or shared voting power or investment power and also any shares which the individual has the right to
acquire within sixty (60) days after the date hereof, through the exercise of any stock option, warrant or other right. Unless otherwise
indicated, each person has sole investment and voting power (or shares such power with his or her spouse) with respect to the shares
set forth in the following table. The inclusion herein of any shares deemed beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial
ownership of those shares. 

The
table below shows the number of shares beneficially owned as of October 11, 2021 by each of our individual directors and executive
officers, by other holders of 5 or more of the outstanding Class A common stock and by all our current directors and executive officers
as a group. 

Class A 
 Common Stock 

Percentage
of 

Name
 of Beneficial Owner 
 Beneficially Owned (1)(2) 
 Common
 Stock (3) 
 
 Jimmy
 Wayne Anderson (3)(4) 
 131,474,654 
 0.86 
 
 Fortis
 Holdings LTD (5) 
 2,026,000,000 
 13.27 

Officers
 and Directors as a Group 
 131,474,654 
 0.86 

(1) 
 Beneficial
 Ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission
 and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of common
 stock subject to options, warrants, or convertible debt currently exercisable or convertible,
 or exercisable or convertible within 60 days of October 11, 2021 are deemed outstanding
 for computing percentage of the person holding such option or warrant but are not deemed
 outstanding for computing the percentage of any person. Percentages are based on a total
 of shares of Class A common stock outstanding on October 11, 2021 and the shares
 issuable upon exercise of options, warrants exercisable, and debt convertible on or within
 60 days of October 11, 2021. 

(2) 
 The
 number of common shares outstanding used in computing the percentages is 15,267,851,213 that includes 14,680,293,609 Class A
 common shares outstanding and 587,557,604 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of all 255 shares of Series L Preferred
 Stock outstanding at October 11, 2021. 

(3) 
 Included
 within Mr. Anderson s beneficial ownership includes 90,000,000 shares of common stock issued to Mr. Anderson for services rendered
 on behalf of the Company and, 41,474,654 shares issuable upon the conversion of the 18 shares of Series L Preferred Stock issued
 to Mr. Anderson. Mr. Anderson disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock that would be issued upon the conversion
 of the shares of Series L Preferred stock owned by Sylios Corp and Around the Clock Partners, LP. 

(4) 
 The
 address for Mr. Anderson, Sylios Corp and Around the Clock Partners, LP is 501 1st Ave N., Suite 901, St. Petersburg, FL 33701. 

(5) 
 The
 address for Fortis Holdings LTD is Capital City Building, Suite 305, Victoria, Mahe, Seychelles. The last known principal for Fortis
 was Anthony Welch up until his death in 2014. 

Series
 K Preferred
 Stock 
 Percentage
 of 

Beneficially 
 Series
 K 
 
 Name
 of Beneficial Owner 
 Owned
 (1)(2) 
 Preferred
 Stock 
 
 Jimmy
 Wayne Anderson (3) 
 3 
 100.00 

Officers
 and Directors as a Group 
 3 
 100.00 

(1) 
 The
 Company s Series K Super Voting Preferred Stock has no conversion feature. 

(2) 
 The
 number of Series K Preferred shares outstanding used in computing the percentages is 3 as of October 11, 2021. 

(3) 
 The
 address for Mr. Anderson is 501 1st Ave N., Suite 901, St. Petersburg, FL 33701. 

Series L Preferred Stock 
 Percentage of 

Beneficially 
 Series L 
 
 Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Owned (1)(2) 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Sylios Corp (3) 
 10 
 3.92 
 
 Jimmy Wayne Anderson (4) 
 18 
 7.06 
 
 Around the Clock Partners, LP (5) 
 40 
 15.69 
 
 Jetco Holdings, LLC (6) 
 100 
 39.22 
 
 MainSpring, LLC (7) 
 50 
 19.61 
 
 Valvasone Trust (8) 
 29 
 11.38 
 
 Jody A. DellaDonna (9) 
 8 
 3.14 

Total 
 255 
 100.00 

(1) 
 Each
 share of the Company s Series L Preferred stock can be converted into shares of the Company s Class A Common stock based
 on the following formula: 5,000 divided by .70 times the lowest closing price of the Company s Class A Common Stock for the
 immediate five-day period prior to the receipt of the Notice of Conversion. 

(2) 
 The
 number of Series L Preferred shares outstanding used in computing the percentages is 255 as of October 11, 2021. 

(3) 
 Sylios
 Corp is a Florida corporation. The address for Sylios Corp is 501 1st Ave N., Suite 901, St. Petersburg, FL 33701. Mr. Anderson is
 the controlling principal for Sylios Corp. 

(4) 
 The
 address for Mr. Anderson is 501 1st Ave N., Suite 901, St. Petersburg, FL 33701. 

(5) 
 Around
 the Clock Partners, LP is a Delaware limited partnership. The address for Around the Clock Partners, LP is 501 1st Ave N., Suite
 901, St. Petersburg, FL 33701. Mr. Anderson is the controlling principal for Around the Clock Partners, LP. 

(6) 
 Jetco
 Holdings, LLC is a Wyoming limited liability company. The address for Jetco Holdings, LLC is 11718 SE Federal Highway, Suite 372,
 Hobe Sound, FL 33455. Timothy Cabrera is the controlling principal for Jetco Holdings, LLC. 

(7) 
 MainSpring,
 LLC is a Wyoming limited liability company. The address for MainSpring, LLC is 611 Fort Harrison Ave S, Suite 363, Clearwater, FL
 33756. Brian McFadden is the controlling principal for MainSpring, LLC. 

(8) 
 The
 address for Valvasone Trust 5114 Stoneywood Circle, Mableton, GA 30126. The trustee for Valvasone Trust is John DellaDonna. 

(9) 
 The
 address for Jody A. DellaDonna is 109 Carrick Way, Macon, GA 31210. 

Please see
 NOTE I CAPITAL STOCK for further information. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Transactions
with Related Persons 

At June 30, 2021, the Company had 12,000 in prepaid
board of director s compensation to its sole officer and director, Jimmy Wayne Anderson. 

At June 30, 2021, the Company had a loan receivable,
other, to Sylios Corp, an entity controlled by the Company s sole officer and director. 

On March 31, 2021, the Company issued 18
shares of the Company s Series L Preferred Stock to the Company s sole officer and director, Jimmy Wayne Anderson, as reimbursement
for returning 890,000,000 shares of common stock to the Company. 

On March 1, 2021, the Company issued 40 shares
of the Company s Series L Preferred Stock, to Around the Clock Partners, LP, an entity controlled by Company s sole officer
and director, in satisfaction of 200,000 principal and interest outstanding on a Convertible Promissory Note dated July 27, 2018. 

On
September 2, 2019, the Company issued 10 shares of its Series L Preferred stock to Sylios Corp, an entity controlled by the Company s
sole officer and director, Jimmy Wayne Anderson. 

On August 22, 2019, the Company entered into a
Consulting Agreement (the Agreement with Sylios Corp (the Consultant ), an entity controlled by the Company s
President, Jimmy Wayne Anderson. Under the terms of the Agreement, the Consultant is to provide services related to acquisitions, mergers
and certain day to day tasks of managing a public company. As compensation, the Company shall pay Consultant 50,000 through the issuance
of t10 shares of the Company s Series L Preferred Stock. The Company issued the shares of Series L Preferred Stock on September
2, 2019. The Agreement had a term of six (6) months or until the Consultant completed the services requested. The services have been
completed by the Consultant. 

On
August 2, 2019, the Company issued 3 shares of its Series K Super Voting Preferred stock to the Company s sole officer and director,
Jimmy Wayne Anderson, as consideration for services provided as an officer of the Company. 

On
July 27, 2018, the Company executed a Convertible Note (the Convertible Note payable to Around the Clock Partners, LP
(the Holder in the principal amount of 124,800. The Convertible Note was issued for compensation due for consulting services.
The Convertible Note is convertible, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time before maturity (July 27, 2019) at the option
of the holder at the conversion price which shall be equal to the lower of: (a) 50 of the lowest trading price of the Company s
common stock during the 25 consecutive Trading Days prior to the date on which Holder elects to convert all or part of the Note or (b)
50 of the lowest trading price of the Company s common stock during the 25 consecutive Trading Days prior to the Effective Date.
The Convertible Note has a term of one (1) year and bears interest at 5 annually. On March 1, 2021, the Company issued the Holder 40
shares of its Series L Preferred Stock in satisfaction of 124,800 principal, 24,906 default principal, 16,160 interest and 37,666
default interest. A balance of 3,532 was forgiven by the Holder. As of March 31, 2021, there was no outstanding principal or interest
due. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2018, the Company issued 900,000,000 shares of its Class A Common Stock to its sole officer and director, Jimmy
Wayne Anderson. 

Promoters
and Certain Control Persons 

None. 

List
of Parents 

None. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The
following is a summary of the fees billed to the Company by Fruci Associates II, PLLC for professional accounting services
rendered for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020. 

Fiscal Year 
 2021 
 Fiscal
 Year 
 2020 
 
 Audit
 Fees (1) 
 20,500 
 17,500 
 
 Audit-Related
 Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax
 Fees (2) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Other
 Fees (3) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 20,500 
 17,500 

(1)
Audit fees consist of fees billed for services rendered for the audit of our financial statements and review of our financial statements
included in our quarterly reports on Form 10 Q. 

(2)
Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services related to the preparation of our U.S. federal and state income tax returns. 

(3)
Other fees consist of fees billed for professional services related to non-recurring fees for the initial public offering and the acquisitions
completed during the year. 

Director
Independence 

The
Company has one director, Jimmy Wayne Anderson, who also serves as the Company s sole officer. All current directors are shareholders
of the Company. 

Item
15. Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation of New IFT Corporation (previously filed with Form 10 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of New IFT Corporation (previously filed with Form 10 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation, Rights, Preferences and Limitations of Series A 8 Convertible Preferred Stock (previously filed with Form 10 on
 June 8, 2020) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation, Rights, Preferences and Limitations of Series B 8 Convertible Preferred Stock (previously filed with Form 10 on
 June 8, 2020) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate
 of Merger of Interactive Flight Technologies, Inc. into Global Technologies, Ltd (previously filed with Form 10 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation, Rights, Preferences and Limitations of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (previously filed with Form 10 on June
 8, 2020) 
 
 3.7 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation, Rights, Preferences and Limitations of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (previously filed with Form 10 on June
 8, 2020) 
 
 3.8 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation, Rights, Preferences and Limitations of Series E 8 Convertible Preferred Stock (previously filed with Form 10 on
 June 8, 2020) 
 
 3.9 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (previously filed with Form 10 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 3.10 
 
 Foreign
 Profit Corporation Articles of Continuance filed with the State of Wyoming (previously filed with Form 10 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 3.11 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation, Rights, Preferences and Limitations of Series K Super Voting Preferred Stock filed with the State of Wyoming (previously
 filed with Form 10 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 3.12 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation, Rights, Preferences and Limitations of Series L Preferred Stock filed with the State of Wyoming (previously filed
 with Form 10 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 3.13 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation, Rights, Preferences and Limitations of Series K Super Voting Preferred Stock filed with the State of Delaware (previously
 filed with Amendment No. 1 to Form 10 on July 24, 2020) 
 
 3.14 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation, Rights, Preferences and Limitations of Series L Preferred Stock filed with the State of Delaware (previously filed
 with Form 10 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 3.15 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws of Global Technologies, Ltd (previously filed with Form 8-K on January 21, 2021) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen
 Certificate common stock (previously filed with Form 10 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Board
 of Directors Services Agreement with Jimmy Wayne Anderson dated January 26, 2018 (previously filed with Form 10 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Convertible
 Note between the Company and Tri-Bridge Ventures, LLC dated January 24, 2018 (previously filed with Form 10 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Convertible
 Note between the Company and Tri-Bridge Ventures, LLC dated February 16, 2018 (previously filed with Form 10 on June 8, 2020) 

10.4 
 
 Convertible
 Note between the Company and Valvasone Trust dated June 3 2018 (previously filed with Form 10 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Convertible
 Note between the Company and Jody A. DellaDonna dated June 29, 2018 (previously filed with Form 10 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Convertible
 Note between the Company and Around the Clock Partners, LP dated July 27, 2018 (previously filed with Form 10 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Indemnification
 Agreement between the Company and Jimmy Wayne Anderson dated January 25, 2018 (previously filed with Form 10 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Consulting
 Agreement between Global Technologies, Ltd and Sylios Corp dated August 22, 2019 (previously filed with Form 10 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement between Global Technologies, Ltd and Armada Capital Partners, LLC dated December 13, 2019 (previously filed with
 Form 10 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between Global Technologies, Ltd and Armada Capital Partners, LLC dated December 13, 2019 (previously filed with
 Form 10 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant Agreement between Global Technologies, Ltd and Armada Capital Partners, LLC dated December 13, 2019 (previously filed with Form 10 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 10.12 
 
 TCBM,
 LLC Purchase and Sale Agreement dated November 30, 2019 (previously filed with Form 10 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between Global Technologies, Ltd and Jetco Holdings, LLC dated March 20, 2020 (previously filed with Form 10 on June
 8, 2020) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement between Global Technologies, Ltd and Jetco Holdings, LLC dated March 20, 2020 (previously filed with Form 10 on
 June 8, 2020) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Consulting
 Agreement between Global Technologies, Ltd and Brian McFadden dated January 2, 2020 (previously filed with Form 10 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Consulting
 Agreement between Global Technologies, Ltd and Timothy Cabrera dated January 2, 2020 (previously filed with Form 10 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Asset
 Purchase Agreement between HMNRTH, LLC, TCBM Holdings, LLC and Edison Nation, Inc. and Scalematix, LLC dated March 11, 2020 (previously
 filed with Form 10 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Quality
 Agreement between HMNRTH, LLC and Nutralife Biosciences dated September 23, 2019 (previously filed with Amendment No. 2 to Form 10
 on August 10, 2020) 
 
 10.19 
 
 Commitment
 to be Bound by the Amended Operating Agreement to Effect Transfer of Membership Interest (previously filed with Form 8-K on September
 4, 2020) 
 
 10.20 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between Global Technologies, Ltd. and Graphene Holdings, LLC dated September 3, 2020 (previously filed with Form
 8-K on September 4, 2020) 
 
 10.21 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement between Global Technologies, Ltd and Graphene Holdings, LLC dated September 9, 2020 (previously filed with Form
 8-K on September 22, 2020) 
 
 10.22 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between Global Technologies, Ltd and Graphene Holdings, LLC dated September 9, 2020 (previously filed with Form 8-K
 on September 22, 2020) 
 
 10.23 
 
 Platform
 License Agreement between Markets on Main, LLC and Honey Badger Media, LLC dated November 5, 2020 (previously filed with Form 10-K
 on December 18, 2020) 
 
 10.24 
 
 Amendment
 to Management Agreement dated December 28, 2020 (previously filed with Form 8-K on January 7, 2021) 
 
 10.25 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between Global Technologies, Ltd and Tri-Bridge Ventures, LLC dated January 20, 2021 (previously filed with Form
 10-Q on February 16, 2021) 
 
 10.26 
 
 Complaint
 for Declaratory Judgment dated February 9, 2021 (previously filed with Form 8-K on February 12, 2021) 
 
 10.27 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between Global Technologies, Ltd and Tri-Bridge Ventures, LLC dated February 22, 2021 (previously filed with Form
 8-K on March 8, 2021) 
 
 10.28 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note between the Company and Power Up Lending Group Ltd. dated June 17, 2021 (previously filed with Form 8-K on June 24, 2021) 
 
 10.29 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and Power Up Lending Group Ltd. dated June 17, 2021 (previously filed with Form 8-K on June 24, 2021) 
 
 10.30 
 
 Board of Directors Services Agreement with Jimmy Wayne Anderson dated July 1, 2021 
 
 10.31 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note between the Company and Power Up Lending Group Ltd. dated July 12, 2021 (previously filed with Form 8-K on July 19, 2021) 
 
 10.32 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and Power Up Lending Group Ltd. dated July 12, 2021 (previously filed with Form 8-K on July 19, 2021) 
 
 10.33 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note between the Company and Power Up Lending Group Ltd. dated September 9, 2021 (previously filed with Form 8-K on September 16, 2021) 
 
 10.34 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and Power Up Lending Group Ltd. dated September 9, 2021 (previously filed with Form 8-K on September 16, 2021) 
 
 21.1 
 
 Articles
 of Organization for Markets on Main, LLC dated April 2, 2020 (previously filed with Form 10 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 21.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Formation TCBM Holdings, LLC dated (previously filed with Form 10 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 21.3 
 
 Certificate
 of Formation of HMNRTH, LLC dated July 30, 2019 (previously filed with Form 10 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 21.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Formation of 911 Help Now, LLC dated February 2, 2018 (previously filed with Form 10 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certifications
 of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Graphic 
 
 Corporate
 logo- Global Technologies, Ltd 

Filed
 herewith 

Furnished
 herewith (not filed). 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date:
October 13, 2021 

GLOBAL
 TECHNOLOGIES, LTD. 

By: 
 /s/
 Jimmy Wayne Anderson 

Jimmy
 Wayne Anderson 

Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Jimmy Wayne Anderson 

Jimmy
 Wayne Anderson 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 October 13, 2021 

<EX-10.30>
 2
 ex10-30.htm

Exhibit
10.30 

Global
Technologies, Ltd 

 Board
of Directors Services Agreement 

This
Board of Directors Services Agreement (the Agreement ), dated July 1, 2021, is entered into between Global Technologies,
Ltd, a Delaware corporation the Company), and Jimmy Wayne Anderson, an individual with a principal place of residence in St.
Petersburg, FL Director ). 

WHEREAS,
 the Company desires to retain the services of Director for the benefit of the Company and its stockholders; and 

WHEREAS,
 Director desires to serve on the Company s Board of Directors for the period of time and subject to the terms and conditions
set forth herein; 

NOW,
THEREFORE, for consideration and as set forth herein, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1.
 Board Duties. Director agrees to provide services to the Company as a member of the Board of Directors. Director shall, for so
long as he remains a member of the Board of Directors, but in any case, not less than one year from the date hereof, meet with the Company
upon written request, at dates and times mutually agreeable to Director and the Company, to discuss any matter involving the Company
or its Subsidiaries, which involves or may involve issues of which Director has knowledge and cooperate in the review, defense or prosecution
of such matters. Director acknowledges and agrees that the Company may rely upon Director s expertise in product development, marketing
or other business disciplines where Director has a deep understanding with respect to the Company s business operations and that
such requests may require substantial additional time and efforts in addition to Director s customary service as a member of the
Board of Directors. Director will notify the Company promptly if he is subpoenaed or otherwise served with legal process in any matter
involving the Company or its subsidiaries. Director will notify the Company if any attorney who is not representing the Company contacts
or attempts to contact Director (other than Director s own legal counsel) to obtain information that in any way relates to the
Company or its Subsidiaries, and Director will not discuss any of these matters with any such attorney without first so notifying the
Company and providing the Company with an opportunity to have its attorney present during any meeting or conversation with any such attorney. 

2.
 Compensation. As compensation for the services provided herein, the Company shall pay to Director a one-time bonus payment of
Fifty Thousand and no/100 dollars 50,000.00) upon execution of this Agreement, and Twenty Thousand and no/100 dollars 20,000.00)
paid to the Director on the last calendar day of each quarter as long as Director continues to fulfill his duties and provide the services
set forth above. The compensation of 20,000 per quarter shall commence with the third calendar quarter of 2021 (first fiscal quarter
of 2022). 

3.
 Benefits and Expenses. The Company shall reimburse Director for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with
discharging his duties as a Board member. Any additional expenses shall be pre-approved by the President or CFO of the Company and will
be reimbursed subject to receiving reasonable substantiating documentation relating to such expenses. 

4.
 Mutual Non-Disparagement. Director and the Company mutually agree to forbear from making, causing to be made, publishing, ratifying
or endorsing any and all disparaging remarks, derogatory statements or comments made to any party with respect to either of them. Further,
the parties hereto agree to forbear from making any public or non-confidential statement with respect to the any claim or complain against
either party without the mutual consent of each of them, to be given in advance of any such statement. 

5.
 Anti-Dilution. The Company agrees to not issue equity capital for consideration less than fair market value, or otherwise issue
equity capital that would have the effect of diluting Director s ownership position in the Company in a manner that is not implemented
pro-rata with respect all stockholders. Issuance of stock options or other equity grants to employees or consultants, shares issued in
connection with acquisitions approved by the Board of Directors, and shares issued for consideration at fair market value shall not be
considered dilutive. 

6.
 Cooperation. In the event of any claim or litigation against the Company and/or Director based upon any alleged conduct, acts
or omissions of Director during the tenure of Director as an officer of the Company, whether known or unknown, threatened or not as of
the time of this writing, the Company will cooperate with Director and provide to Director such information and documents as are necessary
and reasonably requested by Director or his counsel, subject to restrictions imposed by federal or state securities laws or court order
or injunction. The Company shall cooperate in all respects to ensure that Director has access all available insurance coverage and shall
do nothing to damage Director s status as an insured and shall provide all necessary information for Director to make or tender
any claim under applicable coverage. 

7.
 Board of Directors Status of Director. Director s membership on the Company s Board of Directors shall not be disturbed
for at least the greater of any period of time: (a) specified in any other agreement or contract defining Director s role as a
member of the Board of Directors, (b) a period of one year from the date hereof, or (c) so long as Director owns, directly or indirectly,
at least 10 of the issued or outstanding equity stock in the Company. Membership on the Board shall require adherence to board member
conduct policies adopted by the board and enforced equally upon all directors. 

Director
may voluntarily resign his position on the Board of Directors at any time and without penalty or liability of any kind. 

8.
 Confidentiality. Subject to exceptions mutually agreed upon by the parties to this Agreement in advance and in writing, the terms
and conditions of this Agreement shall remain confidential and protected from disclosure except as required by law in connection with
any registration or filing, in relation to a lawful subpoena, or as may be necessary for purposes of disclosure to accountants, financial
advisors or other experts, who shall be made aware of and agree to be bound by the confidentiality provisions hereof. 

9.
 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the law of the State of Delaware. In the event of any dispute regarding the
performance or terms hereof, the prevailing party in any litigation shall be entitled to an award of reasonable attorneys fees
and costs of suit, together with any other relief awarded hereunder or in accordance with governing law. 

In
witness whereof, the parties hereto enter into this Agreement as of the date first set forth above. 

THE
 COMPANY: 
 
 DIRECTOR: 

Name:
 
 Jimmy
 Wayne Anderson 
 
 Jimmy
Wayne Anderson 
 
 Title:
 
 President 

</EX-10.30>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Jimmy Wayne Anderson, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2021
 of Global Technologies, Ltd.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
 to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
 material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
 presented in this report; 

4. 
 I
 am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for
 the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
 us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
 our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
 statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions
 about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
 on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
 affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
 and 

5. 
 I
 have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
 auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
 are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
 information; and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 October 13, 2021 

/s/
 Jimmy Wayne Anderson 

Jimmy
 Wayne Anderson 

Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

Certification
of Principal Financial Officer 

 Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) 

 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

I, Jimmy Wayne Anderson, Principal Financial
Officer of Global Technologies, Ltd., certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2021
 of Global Technologies, Ltd.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
 to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
 material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
 presented in this report; 

4. 
 I
 am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for
 the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
 us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
 our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
 statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
 about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
 on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
 affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
 and 

5. 
 I
 have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
 auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
 are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
 information; and 

b) 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 October 13, 2021 

By: 
 /s/
 Jimmy Wayne Anderson 

Principal
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report of Global
Technologies, Ltd. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended June 30, 2021, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jimmy Wayne Anderson, Chief Executive
Officer and Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Dated:
 October 13, 2021 
 /s/
 Jimmy Wayne Anderson 

Jimmy
 Wayne Anderson 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 gtll-20210630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 gtll-20210630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 gtll-20210630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 gtll-20210630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

