<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211119_10-K_edgar_data_829224_0000829224-21-000086.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19041015</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>279491</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3982827</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6084136</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4586064</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3818658</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000829224-21-000086.hdr.sgml : 20211119
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211119164602
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000829224-21-000086
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		116
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20211003
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211119
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STARBUCKS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000829224
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING & DRINKING PLACES [5810]
		IRS NUMBER:				911325671
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0927

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-20322
		FILM NUMBER:		211428918

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 34067
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98124-1067
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2064471575

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2401 UTAH AVENUE SOUTH
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98134

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000829224-21-000086.txt : 20211119

10-K
 1
 sbux-20211003.htm
 10-K

sbux-20211003 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 Form 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to . 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 (State of Incorporation) (IRS Employer ID) 
 , , 
 ) 
 (Address of principal executive office, zip code, telephone number) 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. x No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. x Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No x 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, based upon the closing sale price of the registrant s common stock on March 28, 2021 as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market was billion. As of November 12, 2021, there were million shares of the registrant s Common Stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Portions of the definitive Proxy Statement for the registrant s Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on March 16, 2022 have been incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 

 STARBUCKS CORPORATION 
 Form 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended October 3, 2021 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I Item 1 Business 
 2 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 11 
 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 
 22 
 Item 2 Properties 
 22 
 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 
 22 
 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 22 
 PART II Item 5 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 23 
 Item 6 Reserved 
 25 
 Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 40 
 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 41 
 Index for Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 46 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 81 
 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 83 
 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 
 83 
 Item 9B Other Information 
 85 
 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 85 
 PART III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 86 
 Item 11 Executive Compensation 
 86 
 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 86 
 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 86 
 Item 14 Principal Account a nt Fees and Services 
 86 
 PART IV Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 87 
 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 
 92 
 SIGNATURES 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They often include words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, intends, plans, seeks or words of similar meaning, or future or conditional verbs, such as will, should, could, may, aims, intends, or projects. A forward-looking statement is neither a prediction nor a guarantee of future events or circumstances, and those future events or circumstances may not occur. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These forward-looking statements are all based on currently available operating, financial and competitive information and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Our actual future results and trends may differ materially depending on a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties discussed under Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Given these risks and uncertainties, you should not rely on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. Any or all of the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and any other public statement made by us, including by our management, may turn out to be incorrect. We are including this cautionary note to make applicable and take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for forward-looking statements. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 General 
 In this Annual Report on Form 10-K 10-K or Report for the fiscal year ended October 3, 2021 fiscal 2021 ), Starbucks Corporation (together with its subsidiaries) is referred to as Starbucks, the Company, we, us or our. 
 Starbucks is the premier roaster, marketer and retailer of specialty coffee in the world, operating in 84 markets. Formed in 1985, Starbucks Corporation s common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market Nasdaq under the symbol SBUX. We purchase and roast high-quality coffees that we sell, along with handcrafted coffee, tea and other beverages and a variety of high-quality food items through company-operated stores. We also sell a variety of coffee and tea products and license our trademarks through other channels, such as licensed stores as well as grocery and foodservice through our Global Coffee Alliance with Nestl S.A. Nestl ). In addition to our flagship Starbucks Coffee brand, we sell goods and services under the following brands: Teavana, Seattle s Best Coffee, Evolution Fresh, Ethos, Starbucks Reserve and Princi. 
 Our primary objective is to maintain Starbucks standing as one of the most recognized and respected brands in the world. We believe our work to create a company that is profit-, people- and planet-positive, along with our ability to successfully execute strategies that support this work, contribute to our primary objective. 
 Profit-Positive 
 Our profit-positive efforts are aligned with our global long-term Growth at Scale agenda to deliver consistent revenue and income growth, through focus and discipline. We believe incremental investments in our brand, principally to support our people- and planet-positive work, will deliver long-term targeted revenue and income growth. This includes expansion of our global store base, adding stores in both existing, developed markets such as the U.S. and in newer, higher growth markets such as China, as well as optimizing the mix of company-operated and licensed stores around the world. In addition, by leveraging experiences gained through our stores and elsewhere, we continue to drive beverage, equipment, process and technology innovation. We strive to regularly offer consumers new, innovative coffee and other products in a variety of forms, across new categories, diverse channels and alternative store formats. We are committed to further investments in our partners (employees) and our industry-leading digital platform as well as environmental, social and governance issues underscoring our mission and values. Our disciplined capital allocation methodology, which prioritizes high-return investments as well as share repurchases and competitive dividends, rounds out our Growth at Scale agenda and our profit-positive vision. 
 People-Positive 
 Our people-positive vision is to cultivate an inclusive environment where everyone belongs. This includes empowering our partners with opportunities to pursue their aspirations while living our mission and values, acting with empathy and compassion and sharing in our success. This enables our partners to deliver an elevated Starbucks Experience to our customers every day. We also strive to develop long-lasting trust and make tangible differences in the communities where we serve by investing in humanity and the well-being of everyone we connect with, advancing initiatives that support diversity, equity and inclusion through education, pay equity, hiring commitments and meaningful community involvement, including donations. 
 Planet-Positive 
 Our planet-positive vision is to give back more than we take from the planet. This includes reducing our environmental impacts, such as expanding reusable packaging, conserving water, shifting to renewable energy and eliminating landfill waste, and committing to the sustainability of high-quality coffee and other raw materials. Sustainability of our raw materials, especially coffee, is paramount to our business operations. We are committed to ethically sourcing coffee, tea and cocoa, donating disease-resistant coffee trees to farmers, providing farmers access to low-interest loans and sharing the expertise of our agronomists with all coffee farmers, among other things. 
 Human Capital Management 
 As a company, Starbucks mission is not only to deliver outstanding financial results by offering exceptional and unique products and services, but to also create a strong connection with the communities where we operate. We believe the strength of our workforce is one of the significant contributors to our success as a global brand that leads with purpose as part of our people-positive vision. This is largely attributed to our partners who strive every day to create a welcoming and inclusive environment. Therefore, one of our core strategies is to invest in and support our partners to differentiate our brand, products and services in the competitive specialty coffee market, including the following areas of focus: 
 Oversight and Management 
 We recognize the diversity of customers, partners and communities, and believe in creating an inclusive and equitable environment that represents a broad spectrum of backgrounds and cultures. Working under these principles, our Partner 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Resources Organization is tasked with managing employment-related matters, including recruiting and hiring, onboarding and training, compensation planning, performance management and professional development. Our Board of Directors and Board committees provide oversight on certain human capital matters, including our Inclusion and Diversity programs and initiatives. As noted in its charter, our Compensation and Management Development Committee is responsible for periodically reviewing Starbucks partner resource programs and initiatives, including healthcare and other benefits, as well as our management development and succession planning practices and strategies. Our Audit and Compliance Committee works closely with the Risk Management Committee, led by Starbucks cfo and general counsel, to monitor and mitigate current and emerging labor and human capital management risks. Furthermore, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, in consultation with management, including our chief partner officer and chief inclusion and diversity officer, annually evaluates the effectiveness of our social responsibility policies, goals and programs, which also include partner-related issues. These reports and recommendations to the Board and its committees are part of the broader framework that guides how Starbucks should attract, retain and develop a skilled workforce that aligns with our values and strategies. 
 We regularly conduct anonymous surveys to seek feedback from our partners on a variety of topics, including confidence in company leadership, competitiveness of our compensation and benefits package, career growth opportunities and recommendations on how we can remain an employer of choice. The results are shared with our partners and reviewed by senior leadership, who analyze areas of progress or deterioration and prioritize actions and activities in response to this feedback to drive meaningful improvements in partner engagement. Our management and cross-functional teams also work closely to evaluate human capital management issues such as partner retention, workplace safety, harassment and bullying, as well as to implement measures to mitigate these risks. 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 We are committed to creating a welcoming and inclusive environment. We believe it is our responsibility to advance racial and social equity, and we are committed to furthering that work with intention, transparency and accountability. In 2021, we published our third Civil Rights Assessment that evaluated our ongoing efforts related to diversity, equity and inclusion and how they support our mission and values. The report addressed our progress over time and provides recommendations for how we can better advance diversity, equity and inclusion on behalf of our partners, customers and communities. 
 We continue to welcome our partners, customers, civil rights and community leaders, along with our chief inclusion and diversity officer, to advise us along this journey. 
 Starbucks has made specific racial equity commitments based on our principles of being intentional, transparent and accountable at all levels: 
 Being intentional in cultivating a culture of inclusion, with a focus on partner retention and development. 
 Launching a mentorship program connecting black, indigenous and people of color BIPOC partners to senior leaders, beginning with a cohort of leaders, senior vice president and above, as well as BIPOC directors in corporate and retail roles. 
 Investing in strategic partnerships with professional organizations that focus on the development of BIPOC talent, providing additional development opportunities for our BIPOC partners. 
 Being transparent in our approach to Inclusion and Diversity goal setting and progress. 
 Publicly sharing workforce diversity data. 
 Setting annual Inclusion and Diversity goals based on retention rates and progress towards achieving BIPOC representation. Our goal is for at least 30 of all corporate roles and at least 40 of all retail and manufacturing roles to be held by BIPOC partners by 2025. 
 Holding ourselves accountable at the highest levels of the organization. 
 Incorporating metrics focused on building inclusive and diverse teams into our executive compensation programs beginning in fiscal 2021. 
 Joining the Board Diversity Action Alliance to act alongside other companies similarly committed to increasing racially and ethnically diverse representation on corporate boards of directors. 
 Publicizing self-identified race/ethnicity of each member of our board of directors. 
 Total Rewards 
 We have demonstrated a history of investing in our workforce by offering competitive salaries and wages by continuously assessing the current business environment and labor market. We have consistently made enhancements in wages in order to attract talent to support our growth strategy and to elevate the customer experience. To foster a stronger sense of ownership and 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 align the interests of partners with shareholders, restricted stock units are provided to eligible non-executive partners under our broad-based stock incentive programs. Furthermore, we offer comprehensive, locally relevant and innovative benefits to all eligible partners. In the U.S., our largest and most mature market, these include: 
 Comprehensive health insurance coverage is offered to partners working an average of 20 hours or more each week. 
 100 upfront tuition coverage is offered through the Starbucks College Achievement Plan for partners to earn a first-time bachelor's degree online at Arizona State University. 
 100 paid parental leave is available to new parents that welcome a child through birth, adoption or foster placement and work an average of 20 hours or more each week. 
 A Partner and Family Sick Time program is provided and allows partners to accrue paid sick time based on hours worked and use that time for themselves or family members in need of care. 
 Care@Work benefit provides partners with backup care benefits for children and adults at a small cost to partners, as well as free unlimited senior care planning services. This benefit includes up to 30 days of backup care services through the end of fiscal 2022, in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 We view mental health as a fundamental part of our humanity and provide a comprehensive suite of related programs and benefits. These include a free subscription to Headspace, an online application that enables guided mediation, and 20 free mental health therapy or coaching sessions annually with Lyra. 
 Outside of the U.S., we have provided other innovative benefits to help address market-specific needs, such as providing interest-free loans to our U.K. partners to help cover rental deposits, mental health services in Canada, and in China, a monthly housing subsidy for full-time Starbucks baristas and shift supervisors, as well as comprehensive health insurance coverage for parents of partners. 
 Role-based Support 
 To help our partners succeed in their roles, we emphasize continuous training and development opportunities. These include, but are not limited to, safety and security protocols, updates on new products and service offerings and deployment of technologies. Training provided through our Pour Over sessions, which are a series of inspiring talks with thought leaders to help partners understand how to bring the Starbucks Experience to life, include a wide variety of topics such as achievable goal setting, giving and receiving constructive feedback and effective engagement with customers and communities. To help further promote an inclusive culture and to better serve our customers, we encourage U.S.-based partners to enroll in the To Be Welcoming courses we created in partnership with Arizona State University to address different forms of bias and discrimination. 
 Pay Equity 
 To be an employer of choice and maintain the strength of our workforce, we consistently assess the current business environment and labor market to refine our compensation and benefits programs and other resources available to our partners. 
 We previously achieved and currently maintain 100 percent pay equity in the U.S. for women and men and people of all races for partners performing similar work. We have also achieved gender pay equity in China and Canada, two of our largest markets outside of the U.S., and we made a commitment to achieve gender pay equity in all company-operated markets. Further, we have formulated pay-equity principles which provide equal footing, transparency and accountability as best practices that help address known, systemic barriers to global pay equity. 
 As of October 3, 2021, Starbucks employed approximately 383,000 people worldwide. In the U.S., Starbucks employed approximately 245,000 people, with approximately 235,000 in company-operated stores and the remainder in corporate support, store development, roasting, manufacturing, warehousing and distribution operations. Approximately 138,000 employees were employed outside of the U.S., with approximately 135,000 in company-operated stores and the remainder in regional support operations. The number of Starbucks partners represented by unions is not significant. We believe our efforts in managing our workforce have been effective, evidenced by a strong Starbucks culture and a good relationship between the company and our partners. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Information about our Executive Officers Name Age Position Kevin R. Johnson 61 president and chief executive officer John Culver 61 group president, North America, and chief operating officer Michael Conway 55 group president, International and Channel Development Rachel A. Gonzalez 52 executive vice president and general counsel Rachel Ruggeri 52 executive vice president, chief financial officer Angela Lis 54 executive vice president, chief partner officer Gina Woods 48 executive vice president, Public Affairs and Social Impact 
 
 Kevin R. Johnson has served as president and chief executive officer since April 2017 and has been a Starbucks director since March 2009. Mr. Johnson served as president and chief operating officer from March 2015 to April 2017. Mr. Johnson served as Chief Executive Officer of Juniper Networks, Inc., a leading provider of high-performance networking products and services, from September 2008 to December 2013. He also served on the Board of Directors of Juniper Networks from September 2008 to February 2014. Prior to joining Juniper Networks, Mr. Johnson served as President, Platforms and Services Division for Microsoft Corporation, a worldwide provider of software, services and solutions. Mr. Johnson was a member of Microsoft s Senior Leadership Team and held several senior executive positions over the course of his 16 years at Microsoft. Prior to joining Microsoft in 1992, Mr. Johnson worked in International Business Machine Corp. s systems integration and consulting business. 
 John Culver joined Starbucks in August 2002 and has served as group president, North America and chief operating officer since July 2021. From July 2018 to July 2021, Mr. Culver served as group president, International, Channel Development and Global Coffee Tea. From October 2017 to July 2018, Mr. Culver served as group president, International and Channels. From September 2016 to October 2017, he served as group president, Starbucks Global Retail. From May 2013 to September 2016, he served as group president, China, Asia Pacific, Channel Development and Emerging Brands. Mr. Culver served as president, Starbucks Coffee China and Asia Pacific from October 2011 to May 2013. From December 2009 to October 2011, he served as president, Starbucks Coffee International. Mr. Culver served as executive vice president; president, Global Consumer Products, Foodservice and Seattle s Best Coffee from February 2009 to September 2009, and then as president, Global Consumer Products and Foodservice from October 2009 to November 2009. He previously served as senior vice president; president, Starbucks Coffee Asia Pacific from January 2007 to February 2009, and vice president; general manager, Foodservice from August 2002 to January 2007. Mr. Culver serves on the Board of Directors of Kimberly-Clark Corporation and Columbia Sportswear Company. 
 Michael Conway joined Starbucks in March 2013 and was named group president, International and Channel Development in June 2021, where he is responsible for leading Starbucks retail growth and operations in over 80 markets across Asia Pacific, Europe, Middle East and Africa, Latin America and the Caribbean and growth for the Global Channel Development business, which consists of consumer packaged goods, ready-to-drink businesses and strategic partnerships, including those with Nestl , PepsiCo and other key business partners. Prior to this, he served as executive vice president and president, International Licensed Markets, from March 2020 to June 2021. He also served as executive vice president and president, Starbucks Canada, executive vice president and president for Starbucks Licensed Stores business for the United States and Latin America and executive vice president and president of Starbucks Global Channel Development from December 2014 to March 2020. He currently serves on the Board of Directors of McCormick Company, Incorporated. 
 Rachel A. Gonzalez has served as executive vice president, general counsel, law and corporate affairs since joining Starbucks in April 2018. From April 2018 to March 2021, she also served as secretary. Prior to joining Starbucks, Ms. Gonzalez served as executive vice president and chief administrative officer of Sabre Corporation, a technology provider to the travel industry, from May 2017 to April 2018 and as Sabre s executive vice president and general counsel from September 2014 to May 2017. From March 2013 to September 2014, Ms. Gonzalez served as executive vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary of Dean Foods Company, a food and beverage company, and as its executive vice president, general counsel designate from November 2012 to March 2013. She served as chief counsel, corporate and securities of Dean Foods from 2008 to 2012. From 2006 to 2008, Ms. Gonzalez served as senior vice president and group counsel for Affiliated Computer Services, Inc., an information technology service provider. Prior to that, Ms. Gonzalez was a partner with the law firm of Morgan, Lewis Bockius LLP, where she focused on corporate finance, mergers and acquisitions, Securities and Exchange Commission SEC compliance and corporate governance. Ms. Gonzalez currently serves on the Board of Directors of Dana Incorporated. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Rachel Ruggeri joined Starbucks in 2001 as a member of the accounting team and was named executive vice president and chief financial officer in February 2021. In this leadership role, Rachel is responsible for the global finance function for Starbucks, which includes developing and executing the financial strategies that enable the long-term growth of the Company. Prior to her promotion in 2021, she served as senior vice president of Americas with responsibility for the retail portfolio across the segment, including company-operated and licensed stores from June 2020 to January 2021. From September 2016 to June 2020, she held various leadership roles in finance both internal and external to Starbucks, including Chief Financial Officer of Continental Mills from July 2018 to May 2020 and prior to that she was senior vice president of Finance at Starbucks in support of the Americas and Global Retail from September 2016 to June 2018. She was also a vice president of Finance from December 2010 to September 2016 supporting Corporate Financial Planning Analysis and the U.S. Retail business. 
 Angela Lis joined Starbucks in 1992 as a part-time barista and has served as executive vice president, chief partner officer since November 2020. From September 2016 to October 2020, Ms. Lis served as senior vice president, partner resources. In this role she was responsible for talent and partner strategies that drive our global retail operations business. Prior to this role, she served as a vice president of partner resources for corporate business functions and global supply chain from December 2012 to September 2016. During her tenure at Starbucks, Ms. Lis has led partner resources business partners across the globe. She has supported both retail and all non-retail business units and was instrumental in the startup of our Channel Development business. 
 Gina Woods joined Starbucks in 2005 and was named executive vice president of Public Affairs and Social Impact in January 2021. In this role, she leads global communications, partner (employee) communications and events, government affairs and public policy, community impact, people-positive, integrated reputation communications, storytelling and content creation, Seattle s hometown strategy and entertainment partnerships. From July 2018 to January 2021, she served as senior vice president, Reputation Marketing for Public Affairs, and she previously served as vice president, Entertainment Executive Communications from September 2013 to July 2018. 
 
 Segment Financial Information 
 Segment information is prepared on the same basis that our management reviews financial information for operational decision-making purposes. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, certain changes were made to our management team, and our operating segment reporting structure was re-aligned as a result. Specifically, we realigned our fully licensed Latin America and Caribbean markets from our Americas operating segment to our International operating segment. Additionally, we renamed the Americas operating segment to the North America operating segment, comprised of our company-operated and licensed stores in the U.S. and Canada.We also made certain other immaterial changes between our International operating segment and Corporate and Other. 
 We have three reportable operating segments: 1) North America, which is inclusive of the U.S. and Canada; 2) International, which is inclusive of China, Japan, Asia Pacific, Europe, Middle East, Africa, Latin America and Caribbean; and 3) Channel Development. Non-reportable operating segments such as Evolution Fresh and unallocated corporate expenses are reported within Corporate and Other. Revenues from our reportable operating segments as a percentage of total net revenues for fiscal 2021 were as follows: North America (70 ), International (24 and Channel Development (6 ). 
 Our North America and International segments include both company-operated and licensed stores. Our North America segment is our most mature business and has achieved significant scale. Certain markets within our International operations are in various stages of development and may require more extensive support, relative to their current levels of revenue and operating income, than our North America operations. 
 Our Channel Development segment includes roasted whole bean and ground coffees, Seattle s Best Coffee , Starbucks- and Teavana-branded single-serve products, a variety of ready-to-drink beverages, such as Frappuccino and Starbucks Doubleshot , foodservice products and other branded products sold worldwide outside of our company-operated and licensed stores. A large portion of our Channel Development business operates under a licensed model of the Global Coffee Alliance with Nestl , while our global ready-to-drink businesses operate under collaborative relationships with PepsiCo, Inc., Tingyi-Ashi Beverages Holding Co., Ltd., Arla Foods amba and others. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue Components 
 We generate the majority of our revenues through company-operated stores and licensed stores. 
 Company-operated and Licensed Store Summary as of October 3, 2021 North America As a of Total North America Stores International As a of Total International Stores Total As a of 
 Total 
 Stores 
 Company-operated stores 9,861 59 7,272 43 17,133 51 Licensed stores 6,965 41 9,735 57 16,700 49 Total 16,826 100 17,007 100 33,833 100 
 The mix of company-operated versus licensed stores in a given market generally varies based on several factors, including our ability to access desirable local retail space, the complexity, profitability and expected ultimate size of the market for Starbucks and our ability to leverage the support infrastructure within a geographic region. 
 Company-operated Stores 
 Revenue from company-operated stores accounted for 85 of total net revenues during fiscal 2021. Our retail objective is to be the leading retailer and brand of coffee and tea in each of our target markets by selling the finest quality coffee, tea and related products, as well as complementary food offerings, and by providing each customer with a unique Starbucks Experience . The Starbucks Experience is built upon superior customer service, convenience and a seamless digital experience as well as safe, clean and well-maintained stores that reflect the personalities of the communities in which they operate, thereby building a high degree of customer loyalty. 
 Our strategy for expanding our global retail business is to increase our category share in a disciplined manner, by selectively opening additional stores in new and existing markets, as well as increasing sales in existing stores, to support our long-term strategic objective to maintain Starbucks standing as one of the most recognized and respected brands in the world. Store growth in specific existing markets will vary due to many factors, including expected financial returns, the maturity of the market, economic conditions, consumer behavior and local business practices. 
 Company-operated store data for the fiscal year-ended October 3, 2021: Stores Open 
 as of 
 Stores Open 
 as of 
 Sep 27, 2020 Opened Closed Transfers Net Oct 3, 2021 North America: U.S. 8,941 449 (424) (19) 6 8,947 Canada 1,159 30 (277) (4) (251) 908 Siren Retail 9 1 (4) (3) 6 Total North America 10,109 480 (705) (23) (248) 9,861 International: China 4,704 697 (43) 654 5,358 Japan 1,464 95 (13) 82 1,546 U.K. 288 15 (5) 10 298 All Other 67 (2) (2) 65 Siren Retail 5 5 Total International 6,528 807 (61) (2) 744 7,272 Total company-operated 16,637 1,287 (766) (25) 496 17,133 
 Starbucks company-operated stores are typically located in high-traffic, high-visibility locations. Our ability to vary the size and format of our stores allows us to locate them in or near a variety of settings, including downtown and suburban retail centers, office buildings, university campuses and rural and off-highway locations. We are continuing the expansion of our stores, particularly drive-thru formats that provide a higher degree of access and convenience, and alternative store formats, which are designed to provide a more streamlined customer experience in dense metropolitan areas. 
 Prior to the global COVID-19 pandemic, approximately 80 of Starbucks transactions in U.S. company-operated stores were on-the-go occasions. This has prompted us to reexamine our U.S. store footprint and evolve our retail presence over time 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 through targeted store renovations, relocations and new stores. We have since introduced new store formats, such as Starbucks Pickup, Starbucks Now stores and curbside pickup, to enhance the on-the-go customer experience and improve operating efficiency across Starbucks stores in certain major metropolitan areas in the United States. New store formats are suitable for customers who prefer to order ahead and pay through the Starbucks Mobile App for pick-up. In our major international markets, we continue to invest in technology and establish partnerships with third parties with relevant expertise to increase digital adoption to provide convenience and elevate the customer experience. In China, the introduction of Starbucks Now TM stores is intended to enable a seamless integration of physical and digital customer touchpoints. Orders may be placed in advance through the Starbucks Mobile App or Starbucks Delivers TM and can be conveniently picked up by customers and delivery providers in these express retail format locations. These strategies align closely with rapidly evolving customer preferences, including higher levels of mobile ordering, more contactless pick-up experiences and reduced in-store congestion, all of which naturally allow for greater physical distancing. We believe our continued efforts to transform our store portfolio and elevate technology will enhance the customer experience and position Starbucks for long-term growth. 
 Retail sales mix by product type for company-operated stores: Fiscal Year Ended Oct 3, 2021 Sep 27, 2020 Sep 29, 2019 Beverages 74 75 74 Food 21 20 20 Other (1) 
 5 5 6 Total 100 100 100 
 (1) Other primarily consists of sales of packaged and single-serve coffees and teas, serveware and ready-to-drink beverages, among other items. 
 Stored Value Cards and Loyalty Program 
 The Starbucks Card, our branded stored value card program, is designed to provide customers with a convenient payment method, support gifting and increase the frequency of store visits by cardholders, in part through the related Starbucks Rewards loyalty program where available, as discussed below. Stored value cards are issued to customers when they initially load them with an account balance. They can be obtained in our company-operated and most licensed stores in North America, China, Japan and many of our markets in our International segment. Stored value cards can also be obtained online, via the Starbucks Mobile App and through other U.S. and international retailers. Customers may access their card balances by utilizing their stored value card or the Starbucks Mobile App in participating stores. In nearly all markets, including the U.S. and Canada, customers who register their Starbucks Cards are automatically enrolled in the Starbucks Rewards program. Registered members can receive various benefits depending on factors such as the number of reward points Stars earned. In addition to using their Starbucks Cards, Starbucks Rewards members can earn Stars by paying with cash, credit or debit cards, or selected mobile wallets at company-operated stores in the U.S. and Canada. Using the Mobile Order and Pay functionality of the Starbucks Mobile App, customers can also place orders in advance for pick-up at certain participating locations in several markets. Refer to Note 1 , Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates, included in Item 8 of Part II of this 10-K, for further discussion of our stored value cards and loyalty program. 
 Licensed Stores 
 Revenues from our licensed stores accounted for 9 of total net revenues in fiscal 2021. Licensed stores generally have a lower gross margin and a higher operating margin than company-operated stores. Under the licensed model, Starbucks receives a margin on branded products and supplies sold to the licensed store operator along with a royalty on retail sales. Licensees are responsible for operating costs and capital investments, which more than offset the lower revenues we receive under the licensed store model. 
 In our licensed store operations, we seek to leverage the expertise of our local partners and share our operating and store development experience. Licensees provide improved, and at times the only, access to desirable retail space. Most licensees are prominent retailers with in-depth market knowledge and access. As part of these arrangements, we sell coffee, tea, food and related products to licensees for resale to customers and receive royalties and license fees from the licensees. We also sell certain equipment, such as coffee brewers and espresso machines, to our licensees for use in their operations. Licensee employees working in licensed retail locations are required to follow our detailed store operating procedures and attend training classes similar to those given to employees in company-operated stores. In a limited number of international markets, we also use traditional franchising and include these stores in the results of operations from our other licensed stores. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Licensed store data for the fiscal year-ended October 3, 2021: Stores Open 
 as of 
 Stores Open 
 as of 
 Sep 27, 2020 Opened Closed Transfers Net Oct 3, 2021 North America: U.S. 6,387 191 (100) 19 110 6,497 Canada 444 48 (28) 4 24 468 Total North America (1) 
 6,831 239 (128) 23 134 6,965 International: Korea 1,468 166 (23) 143 1,611 Mexico 752 7 (13) (6) 746 U.K. 737 68 (14) 54 791 Latin America 662 35 (6) 29 691 Turkey 530 36 (7) 29 559 Taiwan 501 28 (6) 22 523 Indonesia 458 29 29 487 Thailand 405 26 (6) 20 425 Philippines 396 5 5 401 All Other 3,283 313 (97) 2 218 3,501 Total International (1) 
 9,192 713 (172) 2 543 9,735 Total licensed 16,023 952 (300) 25 677 16,700 
 (1) North America and International licensed stores as of September 27, 2020, have been recast as a result of our fiscal 2021 operating segment reporting structure realignment. 
 Other Revenues 
 Other revenues primarily are recorded in our Channel Development segment and include sales of packaged coffee, tea and ready-to-drink beverages to customers outside of our company-operated and licensed stores, as well as royalties received from Nestl under the Global Coffee Alliance and other collaborative partnerships. 
 Product Supply 
 Starbucks is committed to selling the finest whole bean coffees and coffee beverages. To help ensure compliance with our rigorous coffee standards, we generally control substantially all coffee purchasing, roasting and packaging and the global distribution of coffee used in our operations. Nestl controls distribution of certain finished goods through the Global Coffee Alliance. We purchase green coffee beans from multiple coffee-producing regions around the world and custom roast them to our exacting standards for our many blends and single origin coffees. 
 The price of coffee is subject to significant volatility. Although most coffee trades in the commodity market, high-altitude arabica coffee of the quality sought by Starbucks tends to trade on a negotiated basis at a premium above the C coffee commodity price. Both the premium and the commodity price depend upon the supply and demand at the time of purchase. Supply and price can be affected by multiple factors in the producing countries, including weather, water supply quality and availability throughout the coffee production chain, natural disasters, crop disease and pests, general increase in farm inputs and costs of production, inventory levels and political and economic conditions. Climate change may further exacerbate many of these factors. Price is also impacted by trading activities in the arabica coffee futures market, including hedge funds and commodity index funds. In addition, green coffee prices have been affected in the past, and may be affected in the future, by the actions of certain organizations and associations that have historically attempted to influence prices of green coffee through agreements establishing export quotas or by restricting coffee supplies. 
 We buy coffee using fixed-price and price-to-be-fixed purchase commitments, depending on market conditions, to secure an adequate supply of quality green coffee. We also utilize forward contracts, futures contracts and collars to hedge "C" price exposure under our price-to-be-fixed green coffee contracts and our long-term forecasted coffee demand where underlying fixed price and price-to-be-fixed contracts are not yet available. Total purchase commitments, together with existing inventory, are expected to provide an adequate supply of green coffee through fiscal 2022. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 We depend upon our relationships with coffee producers, outside trading companies and exporters for our supply of green coffee. We believe, based on relationships established with our suppliers, the risk of non-delivery on such purchase commitments is remote. 
 To help ensure the future supply of high-quality green coffee and to reinforce our leadership role in the coffee industry, Starbucks operates ten farmer support centers, including our China Farmer Support Center located in the Yunnan Province of this high-growth market. Farmer support centers are staffed with agronomists and sustainability experts who work with coffee farming communities to promote best practices in coffee production designed to improve both coffee quality and yields and agronomy support to address climate change and other impacts. 
 
 In addition to coffee, we also purchase significant amounts of dairy and plant-based dairy-free alternative products, particularly fluid milk, oat milk and almond milk, to support the needs of our company-operated stores. We believe, based on relationships established with our dairy and plant-based dairy-free suppliers, that the risk of non-delivery of sufficient fluid milk and plant-based dairy-free alternatives to support our stores generally is remote. 
 Products other than whole bean coffees and coffee beverages sold in Starbucks stores include tea and a number of ready-to-drink beverages that are purchased from several specialty suppliers, usually under long-term supply contracts. Food products, such as pastries, breakfast sandwiches and lunch items, are purchased from national, regional and local sources. We also purchase a broad range of paper and plastic products, such as cups and cutlery, from several companies to support the needs of our retail stores as well as our manufacturing and distribution operations. Consistent with our planet-positive vision, we are also expanding our use of reusable packaging to reduce landfill waste. We believe, based on relationships established with these suppliers and manufacturers, that the risk of non-delivery of sufficient amounts of these items generally is remote. 
 During fiscal 2021, we began to experience certain supply shortages and transportation delays largely attributable to impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic as well as changes in customer demand and behaviors. While we expect these shortages and delays may continue into fiscal 2022, we view them to be temporary and do not believe they will have a material impact to our long-term growth and profitability. 
 Competition 
 Our primary competitors for coffee beverage sales are specialty coffee retailers and shops. We believe that our customers choose among specialty coffee retailers and shops primarily on the basis of product quality, brand reputation, service and convenience, as well as price. We continue to experience direct competition from large competitors in the quick-service restaurant sector and the ready-to-drink coffee beverage market, in addition to both well-established and start-up companies in many international markets. We also compete with restaurants and other specialty retailers for prime retail locations and qualified personnel to operate both new and existing stores. 
 Our coffee and tea products sold through our Channel Development segment compete directly against specialty coffees and teas sold through grocery stores, warehouse clubs, specialty retailers, convenience stores and foodservice accounts and compete indirectly against all other coffees and teas on the market. 
 Trademarks, Copyrights, Patents and Domain Names 
 Starbucks owns and has applied to register numerous trademarks and service marks in the U.S. and in other countries throughout the world. Some of our trademarks, including Starbucks, the Starbucks logo, Starbucks Reserve, Seattle s Best Coffee, Teavana and Frappuccino are of material importance. The duration of trademark registrations varies from country to country. However, trademarks are generally valid and may be renewed indefinitely as long as they are in use and/or their registrations are properly maintained. 
 We own numerous copyrights for items such as product packaging, promotional materials, in-store graphics and training materials. We also hold patents on certain products, systems and designs which have an average remaining useful life of approximately two years. In addition, Starbucks has registered and maintains numerous Internet domain names, including Starbucks.com, Starbucks.net, Starbucksreserve.com, Seattlesbest.com and Teavana.com. 
 Seasonality and Quarterly Results 
 Our business is subject to moderate seasonal fluctuations, of which our fiscal second quarter typically experiences lower revenues and operating income. The COVID-19 pandemic has had an impact on consumer behaviors and customer traffic; however, it is not yet certain that these changes will sustain and cause other than temporary changes in the seasonal fluctuations of our business. Additionally, as Starbucks Cards are issued to and loaded by customers during the holiday season, we tend to have higher cash flows from operations during the first quarter of the fiscal year. However, since revenues from Starbucks Cards are recognized upon redemption and not when cash is loaded onto the Card, the impact of seasonal fluctuations on the consolidated statements of earnings is much less pronounced. As a result of moderate seasonal fluctuations, results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Government Regulation 
 As a company with global operations, we are subject to the laws and regulations of the United States and the multiple foreign jurisdictions in which we operate as well as the rules, reporting obligations and interpretations of all such requirements and obligations by various governing bodies, which may differ among jurisdictions. In addition, changes to such laws, regulations, rules, reporting obligations and related compliance obligations could result in significant costs but are not expected to have a material effect on our capital expenditures, results of operations and competitive position as compared to prior periods. 
 Available Information 
 Starbucks Annual Report on Form 10-K reports, along with all other reports and amendments filed with or furnished to the SEC, are publicly available free of charge on the Investor Relations section of our website at investor.starbucks.com or at www.sec.gov as soon as reasonably practicable after these materials are filed with or furnished to the SEC. We also use our website as a tool to disclose important information about the company and comply with our disclosure obligations under Regulation Fair Disclosure. Our corporate governance policies, code of ethics and Board committee charters and policies are also posted on the Investor Relations section of Starbucks website. The information on our website (or any webpages referenced in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) is not part of this or any other report Starbucks files with, or furnishes to, the SEC. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 You should carefully consider the risks described below in addition to the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations section, the Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk section, and the consolidated financial statements and related notes. If any of the risks and uncertainties described in the cautionary factors described below actually occur or continue to occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations and the trading price of our common stock could be materially and adversely affected. The considerations and risks that follow are organized within relevant headings but may be relevant to other headings as well. Moreover, the risks below are not the only risks we face and additional risks not currently known to us or that we presently deem immaterial may emerge or become material at any time and may negatively impact our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations or the trading price of our common stock. 
 Risks Related to Macroeconomic Conditions 
 Our financial condition and results of operations have been and are expected to continue to be adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and is continuing to have, a significant impact on our business and results of operations. At the peak of the COVID-19 outbreak, many of our company-operated and licensed stores were closed. For stores that remained open, same-store sales declined due to modified operating hours and reduced customer traffic. While nearly all of our company-operated and licensed stores have reopened, we expect that our operations will continue to be impacted by the continuing effects of COVID-19, including resurgences and variants of the virus. It remains difficult to predict the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the broader economy and how consumer behavior may change, and whether such change is temporary or permanent. Social distancing, telecommunicating and reductions in travel may become the new normal. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic has required and may continue to require us to make controversial decisions about precautionary measures, such as vaccinations, showing proof of vaccinations and face coverings, that could impact our results, including by impacting our brand, our employee retention and satisfaction, and the willingness of customers to buy our products. All of these conditions could fundamentally impact the way we work and the services we provide, and could have continuing adverse effects on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. As a result, we may incur additional impairment charges to our inventory, store and corporate assets and our ability to realize the benefits from deferred tax assets may become limited any of which may have a significant or material impact on our financial results. 
 Prolonged volatility or significant disruption of global financial markets due in part to the COVID-19 pandemic could have a negative impact on our ability to access capital markets and other funding sources, on acceptable terms or at all and impede our ability to comply with debt covenants. 
 Our financial condition and results of operations are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, a number of other factors, many of which are also largely outside our control. 
 In addition to the COVID-19 pandemic, our operating results have been in the past and will continue to be subject to a number of other factors, many of which are largely outside our control. Any one or more of the factors listed below or described elsewhere in this risk factors section could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and/or results of operations: 
 increases in real estate costs in certain domestic and international markets; 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 inflationary pressures; 
 disruptions to our supply chain; 
 changes in governmental rules and approaches to taxation; 
 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; 
 adverse outcomes of litigation; 
 severe weather or other natural or man-made disasters affecting a large market or several closely located markets that may temporarily but significantly affect our retail business in such markets; 
 changes in climate, including changes to the frequency of severe weather events, that impact the price and availability or cost of goods and services, energy and other materials throughout our supply chain; and 
 especially in our largest markets, including the U.S. and China, labor discord or disruption, geopolitical events, war, terrorism (including incidents targeting us), political instability, acts of public violence, boycotts, increasing anti-American sentiment in certain markets, hostilities and social unrest and other health pandemics that lead to avoidance of public places or restrictions on public gatherings such as in our stores. 
 Economic conditions in the U.S. and international markets could adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 As a retailer that is dependent upon consumer discretionary spending, our results of operations are sensitive to changes in or uncertainty about macro-economic conditions. Our customers may have or in the future have less money for discretionary purchases and may stop or reduce their purchases of our products or switch to Starbucks or competitors lower-priced products as a result of various factors, including job losses, inflation, higher taxes, reduced access to credit, changes in federal economic policy, the COVID-19 pandemic and recent international trade disputes. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic or other global health events, we may experience a reduction and/or increased volatility in demand for our products, which may be caused by, among other things: store closures or modified operating hours and business model, reduced customer traffic due to illness, quarantine or government or self-imposed restrictions placed on our stores operations, impacts caused by precautionary measures such as those related to face coverings and vaccinations, and changes in consumer spending behaviors (e.g. continued practice of social distancing, decrease in consumer confidence in general macroeconomic conditions and a decrease in consumer discretionary spending). Decreases in customer traffic and/or average value per transaction without a corresponding decrease in costs would put downward pressure on margins and would negatively impact our financial results. There is also a risk that if negative economic conditions or uncertainty, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise, persist for a long period of time or worsen, consumers may make long-lasting changes to their discretionary purchasing behavior, including less frequent discretionary purchases on a more permanent basis or there may be a general downturn in the restaurant industry. These and other macroeconomic factors could have an adverse effect on our sales, profitability or development plans, which could harm our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Failure to meet market expectations for our financial performance and fluctuations in the stock market as a whole will likely adversely affect the market price and volatility of our stock. 
 Failure to meet market expectations going forward, particularly with respect to our operational and financial results and related guidance, environmental performance and shareholder returns, will likely result in a decline and/or increased volatility in the market price of our stock. In addition, price and volume fluctuations in the stock market as a whole may affect the market price of our stock in ways that may be unrelated to our financial performance. 
 Risks Related to Brand Relevance and Brand Execution 
 Our success depends substantially on the value of our brands and failure to preserve their value could have a negative impact on our financial results. 
 We believe we have built an excellent reputation globally for the quality of our products, for delivery of a consistently positive consumer experience and for our global social and environmental impact programs. The Starbucks brand is recognized throughout most of the world, and we have received high ratings in global brand value studies. To be successful in the future, particularly outside of the U.S. where the Starbucks brand and our other brands are less well-known, we believe we must preserve, grow and leverage the value of our brands across all sales channels. Brand value is based in part on consumer perceptions on a variety of subjective qualities. 
 Business incidents, whether isolated or recurring and whether originating from us or our business partners, that erode consumer trust can significantly reduce brand value, potentially trigger boycotts of our stores or result in civil or criminal liability and can have a negative impact on our financial results. Such incidents include actual or perceived breaches of privacy or violations of domestic or international privacy laws, contaminated food, product recalls, store employees or other food handlers infected with communicable diseases, such as COVID-19, or other potential incidents discussed in this risk factors section. The impact of 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 such incidents may be exacerbated if they receive considerable publicity, including rapidly through social or digital media (including for malicious reasons) or result in litigation. Consumer demand for our products and our brand equity could diminish significantly if we, our employees, licensees or other business partners fail to preserve the quality of our products, act or are perceived to act in an unethical, illegal, racially-biased, unequal or socially irresponsible manner, including with respect to the sourcing, content or sale of our products, service and treatment of customers at Starbucks stores, treatment of employees, or the use of customer data for general or direct marketing or other purposes. Furthermore, if we are not effective in addressing our social and environmental program goals, including our people- and planet-positive work, or achieving relevant sustainability goals, consumer trust in our brand may suffer. Additionally, if we fail to comply with laws and regulations, take controversial positions or actions or fail to deliver a consistently positive consumer experience in each of our markets, including by failing to invest in the right balance of wages and benefits to attract and retain employees that represent the brand well or to foster an inclusive and diverse environment, our brand value may be diminished. 
 The ongoing relevance of our brand may depend on the success of our people- and planet-positive initiatives, which require company-wide coordination and alignment. We are working to manage risks and costs to us, our licensees and our supply chain of any effects of climate change as well as diminishing energy and water resources. These risks include any increased public focus, including by governmental and nongovernmental organizations, on these and other environmental sustainability matters, including packaging and waste, animal health and welfare, deforestation and land use. These risks may also include any increased pressure to make commitments, set targets or establish additional goals and take actions to meet them, which could expose us to market, operational and execution costs or risks. 
 If our business partners and third-party providers do not satisfactorily fulfill their responsibilities and commitments, it could damage our brand and our financial results could suffer. 
 Our global business strategy, including our plans for new stores, branded products and other initiatives, relies significantly on a variety of business partners, including licensee and joint venture relationships, third-party manufacturers, distributors and retailers, particularly for our entire global Channel Development business. Licensees, retailers and foodservice operators are often authorized to use our logos and provide branded food, beverage and other products directly to customers. We believe our customers expect the same quality of service regardless of whether they visit a licensed or company-operated store, so we provide training and support to, and monitor the operations of, certain of these licensees and other business partners. However, the product quality and service they deliver may still be diminished by any number of factors beyond our control, including financial constraints caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and other factors. We do not have direct control over our business partners, including in their adherence to additional sanitation protocols and guidelines as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, and may not have visibility into their practices. 
 We also source our food, beverage and other products from a wide variety of domestic and international business partners, and in certain cases such products are produced or sourced by our licensees directly. And although foodservice operators are authorized to use our logos and provide branded products as part of their foodservice business, we do not monitor the quality of non-Starbucks products served in those locations. Additionally, inconsistent uses of our brand and other of our intellectual property assets, as well as failure to protect our intellectual property, can erode consumer trust and our brand value and have a material negative impact on our financial results. 
 Incidents involving food or beverage-borne illnesses, tampering, adulteration, contamination or mislabeling, whether or not accurate, as well as adverse public or medical opinions about the health effects of consuming our products, could harm our business. 
 Instances or reports, whether true or not, of unclean water supply or food-safety issues, such as food or beverage-borne illnesses, tampering, adulteration, contamination or mislabeling, either during growing, manufacturing, packaging, storing or preparation, have in the past severely injured the reputations of companies in the food and beverage processing, grocery and quick-service restaurant sectors. Any report linking us to such instances could severely hurt our sales and could possibly lead to product liability claims, litigation (including class actions) and/or temporary store closures. Clean water is critical to the preparation of coffee, tea and other beverages, as well as ice for our cold beverages, and our ability to ensure adequate supplies of clean water and ice to our stores can be limited, particularly in some international locations. We are also continuing to incorporate more products in our food and beverage lineup that require freezing or refrigeration, which increases the risk of food safety related incidents if correct temperatures are not maintained due to mechanical malfunction or human error. 
 We also face risk by relying on third-party food suppliers to provide and transport ingredients and finished products to our stores. While we monitor the operations of certain of these business partners, the product quality and service they deliver may be diminished by any number of factors beyond our control and it may be difficult to detect contamination or other defects in these products. There is greater risk from those we do not monitor, or do not monitor as closely. Furthermore, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, there are stricter health regulations and guidelines and increased public concern over food safety standards and controls. Potential food safety incidents, whether at our stores or involving our business partners, could lead to wide public exposure, which could materially harm our business. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Additionally, we are evolving our product lineup to include more local or smaller suppliers for some of our products who may not have as rigorous quality and safety systems and protocols as larger or more national suppliers, especially in light of the heightened safety protocols as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, instances of food or beverage-safety issues, even those involving solely the restaurants or stores of competitors or of suppliers or distributors (regardless of whether we use or have used those suppliers or distributors), could adversely affect our sales on a regional or global basis by resulting in negative publicity about us or the foodservice industry in general. A decrease in customer traffic as a result of food-safety concerns or negative publicity, or as a result of a temporary closure of any of our stores, product recalls, viral-contaminated food or beverage claims or other food or beverage-safety claims or litigation, could materially harm our business and results of operations. 
 We may not be successful in implementing important strategic initiatives or effectively managing growth, which may have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. 
 There is no assurance that we will be able to implement important strategic initiatives in accordance with our expectations or that they will generate expected returns, which may result in an adverse impact on our business and financial results. These strategic initiatives, which include our profit-, people- and planet-positive visions, are designed to create growth, improve our results of operations and drive long-term shareholder value, and include: 
 being an employer of choice and investing in employees to deliver a superior customer experience; 
 building our leadership position around coffee; 
 driving convenience, brand engagement and digital relationships through our mobile, loyalty, delivery and digital capabilities both domestically and internationally; 
 simplifying store administrative tasks to allow store partners to better engage with customers; 
 increasing the scale of the Starbucks store footprint with disciplined global expansion and introducing flexible and unique store formats, including the accelerated development of alternative store formats (such as Starbucks Pickup stores, Starbucks Now stores and curbside pickup) especially in light of the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 adjusting rapidly to changing customer preferences and behaviors in light of the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 moving to a more licensed store model in some markets and a more company-owned model in other markets; 
 creating new occasions in stores across all dayparts with new product offerings, including our growing lunch food and beverage product lineup; 
 continuing the global growth of our Channel Development business through our supply, distribution and licensing agreements with Nestl and other Channel Development business partners; 
 delivering continued growth in our cold beverage business; 
 working to address the potential effects of climate change and the sustainability of our business; and 
 reducing our operating costs, particularly general and administrative expenses. 
 In addition to other factors listed in this risk factors section, factors that may adversely affect the successful implementation of these initiatives, which could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial results, include the following: 
 imposition of additional taxes by jurisdictions, such as on certain types of beverages or based on number of employees; 
 construction cost increases associated with new store openings and remodeling of existing stores; delays in store openings for reasons beyond our control, such as potential shortages of materials and labor and delays in permits, or a lack of desirable real estate locations available for lease at reasonable rates, either of which could keep us from meeting annual store opening targets in the U.S. and internationally; 
 governmental regulations or other health guidelines concerning operations of stores, including due to the COVID-19 pandemic or other public health emergencies; 
 not successfully scaling our supply chain infrastructure as our product offerings increase and as we continue to expand, including our emphasis on a broad range of high-quality food offerings; 
 not successfully adapting to customer or market factors affecting our supply chain as we work to address sustainability and climate change; and 
 the deterioration in our credit ratings, which could limit the availability of additional financing and increase the cost of obtaining financing to fund our initiatives. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Effectively managing growth can be challenging, particularly as we expand in international markets where we must balance the need for flexibility and a degree of autonomy for local management against the need for consistency with our goals, policies and standards. If we are not successful in implementing our strategic initiatives, or, in the event we undertake large acquisitions, integrations and divestitures, we may be required to evaluate whether certain assets, including goodwill and other intangibles, have become impaired. In the event we record an impairment charge, it could have a material impact on our financial results. 
 Evolving consumer preferences and tastes may adversely affect our business. 
 Our continued success depends on our ability to attract and retain customers. Our financial results could be adversely affected by a shift in consumer spending away from outside-the-home food and beverages (such as the disruption caused by online commerce that results in reduced foot traffic to brick mortar retail stores); lack of customer acceptance of new products (including due to price increases necessary to cover the costs of new products or higher input costs), brands (such as the global expansion of the Starbucks brand) and platforms (such as features of our mobile technology, changes in our loyalty rewards programs and our delivery services initiatives); or customers reducing their demand for our current offerings as new products are introduced. In addition, some of our products contain caffeine, dairy products, sugar and other compounds and allergens, the health effects of which are the subject of public and regulatory scrutiny, including the suggestion of linkages to a variety of adverse health effects. Particularly in the U.S., there is increasing consumer awareness of health risks, including obesity, as well as increased consumer litigation based on alleged adverse health impacts of consumption of various food and beverage products. While we have a variety of beverage and food items, including items that are coffee-free and have reduced calories, an unfavorable report on the health effects of caffeine or other compounds present in our products, whether accurate or not, imposition of additional taxes on certain types of food and beverage components, or negative publicity or litigation arising from certain health risks could significantly reduce the demand for our beverages and food products and could materially harm our business and results of operations. Furthermore, our financial results have been and could continue to be adversely affected by the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which has resulted in a disruption of customer routines, changes to employer work-from-home policies, reduced business and recreational travel and changes in consumer behavior and the ability or willingness to spend discretionary income on our products. 
 We may not be successful in our marketing, promotional and advertising plans and pricing strategies 
 Our continued success depends in part on our ability to adjust our marketing, promotional and advertising plans and pricing strategy to respond quickly and effectively to shifting economic and competitive conditions as well as evolving customer preferences. We operate in a complex and costly marketing, promotional and advertising environment. Our marketing, promotional and advertising programs may not be successful in reaching our customers in the way we intend. Our success depends in part on whether the allocation of our advertising, promotional and marketing resources across different channels, including digital marketing, allows us to reach our customers effectively and efficiently, and in ways that are meaningful to them. If the advertising, promotional and marketing programs or our pricing strategies are not successful, or are not as successful as those of our competitors, our sales and market share could decrease. 
 Finally, customers are focusing more on sustainability and the environmental impacts of operations. An inability to meet customer expectations with respect to these issues could adversely affect our financial results. 
 Risks Related to Cybersecurity and Data Privacy 
 Failure to maintain satisfactory compliance with certain privacy and data protections laws and regulations may subject us to substantial negative financial consequences and civil or criminal penalties. 
 Complex local, state, national, foreign and international laws and regulations apply to the collection, use, retention, protection, disclosure, transfer and other processing of personal data. These privacy and data protection laws and regulations are quickly evolving, with new or modified laws and regulations proposed and implemented frequently and existing laws and regulations subject to new or different interpretations and enforcement. In addition, our legal and regulatory obligations in jurisdictions outside the U.S. are subject to unexpected changes, including the potential for regulatory or other governmental entities to enact new or additional laws or regulations, to issue rulings that invalidate prior laws or regulations or to increase penalties significantly. Complying with these laws and regulations can be costly and can impede the development and offering of new products and services. 
 For example, Europe s General Data Protection Regulation GDPR and the U.K. General Data Protection Regulation (which implements the GDPR into U.K. law), impose stringent data protection requirements and provide for significant penalties for noncompliance. Additionally, California enacted legislation, the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ). The CCPA requires, among other things, covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers and allows such consumers new abilities to opt-out of certain sales of personal data. The CCPA also provides for civil penalties for violations as well as a private right of action for data breaches that may increase data breach litigation. Further, the California Privacy Rights Act, which was passed in November 2020 and is fully effective in January 2023, significantly modifies the CCPA. These modifications will require us to incur additional costs and expenses in our effort to comply. Virginia and Colorado recently 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 enacted similar data privacy legislation that will take effect in 2023, and several other states and countries are considering expanding or passing privacy laws in the near term. 
 In June 2021, the European Commission finalized recommendations in relation to cross border data transfers and published new versions of the Standard Contractual Clauses. The new requirements will require us to incur costs and expenses in order to comply and may impact the transfer of personal data throughout our organization and to third parties. 
 Our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations or other obligations to which we may be subject relating to personal data, or to protect personal data from unauthorized access, use or other processing, could result in enforcement actions and regulatory investigations against us, claims for damages by customers and other affected individuals, fines, damage to our brand reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial performance and business. 
 The unauthorized access, use, theft or destruction of customer or employee personal, financial or other data or of Starbucks proprietary or confidential information that is stored in our information systems or by third parties on our behalf could impact our reputation and brand and expose us to potential liability and loss of revenues. 
 Many of our information technology systems (whether cloud-based or hosted in proprietary servers), including those used for our point-of-sale, web and mobile platforms, online and mobile payment systems, delivery services and rewards programs and administrative functions, contain personal, financial or other information that is entrusted to us by our customers and employees. Many of our information technology systems also contain Starbucks proprietary and other confidential information related to our business, such as business plans and product development initiatives and designs, and confidential information about third parties, such as licensees and business partners. Similar to many other retail companies and because of the prominence of our brand, we are consistently subject to attempts to compromise our information technology systems from both internal and external sources. The number and frequency of these attempts varies from year to year but could be exacerbated to some extent by an increase in our digital operations, including our efforts to comply with state and local mandates in response to COVID 19. In addition, we provide some customer and employee data, as well as Starbucks proprietary information and other confidential information important to our business, to third parties where necessary to conduct our business, including licensees and business partners. Individuals performing work for Starbucks and such third parties also may possess some of this data, including on personally-owned digital devices. To the extent we, a third party or such an individual were to experience a breach of our or their information technology systems that results in the unauthorized access, theft, use, destruction or other compromises of customers or employees data or confidential information of the Company stored in or transmitted through such systems, including through cyber-attacks or other external or internal methods, it could result in a material loss of revenues from the potential adverse impact to our reputation and brand, a decrease in our ability to retain customers or attract new ones, the imposition of potentially significant costs (including loss of data or payment for recovery of data) and liabilities, loss of business, loss of business partners and licensees and the disruption to our supply chain, business and plans. Unauthorized access, theft, use, destruction or other compromises may occur through a variety of methods, including attacks using malicious code, those taking advantage of vulnerabilities in software, hardware or other infrastructure (including systems used by our supply chain), those using techniques aimed at convincing those with access to such data or information to share passwords or otherwise allow access through deceit or otherwise and those taking advance of inadequate account security practices. 
 Such security breaches also could result in a violation of applicable U.S. and international privacy, cyber and other laws or trigger U.S. state data breach notification laws, and subject us to private consumer, business partner or licensee or securities litigation and governmental investigations and proceedings, any of which could result in our exposure to material civil or criminal liability. 
 Significant capital investments and other expenditures could also be required to investigate security incidents, remedy cybersecurity problems, recuperate lost data, prevent future compromises and adapt systems and practices to react to the changing threat environment. These include costs associated with notifying affected individuals and other agencies, additional security technologies, trainings, personnel, experts and credit monitoring services for those whose data has been breached. These costs, which could be material, could adversely impact our results of operations in the period in which they are incurred, including by interfering with the pursuit of other important business strategies and initiatives, and may not meaningfully limit the success of future attempts to breach our information technology systems. 
 Media or other reports of existing or perceived security vulnerabilities in our systems or those of our third-party business partners or service providers can also adversely impact our brand and reputation and materially impact our business. Additionally, the techniques and sophistication used to conduct cyber-attacks and compromise information technology systems, as well as the sources and targets of these attacks, change frequently and are often not recognized until such attacks are launched or have been in place for a period of time. We continue to make significant investments in technology, third-party services and personnel to develop and implement systems and processes that are designed to anticipate cyber-attacks and to prevent or minimize breaches of our information technology systems or data loss, but these security measures cannot provide assurance that we will be successful in preventing such breaches or data loss. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 We rely heavily on information technology in our operations and growth initiatives, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security failure of that technology could harm our ability to effectively operate and grow our business and could adversely affect our financial results. 
 We rely heavily on information technology systems across our operations for numerous purposes including for administrative functions, point-of-sale processing and payment in our stores and online, management of our supply chain, Starbucks Cards, online business, delivery services, mobile technology, including mobile payments and ordering apps, reloads and loyalty functionality and various other processes and transactions, and many of these systems are interdependent on one another for their functionality. Additionally, the success of several of our initiatives to drive growth, including our ability to increase digital relationships with our customers to drive incremental traffic and spend, is highly dependent on our technology systems. Furthermore, due to the social distancing measures put in place as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we accelerated the transformation of our store portfolio by expanding convenience-led formats, which depend heavily on our mobile ordering capabilities. We also rely on third-party providers and platforms for some of these information technology systems and support. Additionally, our systems hardware, software and services provided by third-party service providers are not fully redundant within a market or across our markets. Although we have operational safeguards in place, they may not be effective in preventing the failure of these systems or platforms to operate effectively and be available. Such failures may be caused by various factors, including power outages, climate change-related impacts, catastrophic events, physical theft, computer and network failures, inadequate or ineffective redundancy, problems with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems or platforms, flaws in third-party software or services, errors or improper use by our employees or third party service providers, or a breach in the security of these systems or platforms, including through cyber-attacks such as those that result in the blockage of our or our third-party business partners or service providers systems and platforms and those discussed in more detail in this risk factors section. If our incident response, disaster recovery and business continuity plans do not resolve these issues in an effective and timely manner they could result in an interruption in our operations and could cause material negative impacts to our product availability and sales, the efficiency of our operations and our financial results. In addition, remediation of any problems with our systems could result in significant, unplanned expenses. 
 Risks Related to Intellectual Property 
 We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property or adequately ensure that we are not infringing the intellectual property of others, which could harm the value of our brand and our business. 
 The success of our business depends on our continued ability to use our existing trademarks and service marks in order to increase brand awareness and further develop our branded products in both domestic and international markets. We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, service marks, trade secrets, patents and other intellectual property rights to protect our brand and branded products. 
 We have registered certain trademarks and have other trademark registrations pending in the U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions. The trademarks that we currently use have not been registered in all of the countries outside of the U.S. in which we do business or may do business in the future and may never be registered in all of these countries. It may be costly and time consuming to protect our intellectual property, and the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property in the U.S. and foreign countries may not be adequate. In addition, the steps we have taken may not adequately ensure that we do not infringe the intellectual property of others, and third parties may claim infringement by us in the future. Any claim of infringement, whether or not it has merit, could be time-consuming, result in costly litigation and harm our business. In addition, we cannot ensure that licensees will not take actions that hurt the value of our intellectual property. 
 Risks Related to Labor and Supply Chain 
 Our reliance on key business partners may adversely affect our business and operations. 
 The growth of our business relies on the ability of our licensee partners to implement our growth platforms and product innovations as well as on the degree to which we are able to enter into, maintain, develop and negotiate appropriate terms and conditions of, and enforce, commercial and other agreements and the performance of our business partners under such agreements. Our international licensees may face capital constraints or other factors that may limit the speed at which they are able to expand and develop in a certain market. Our Channel Development business is heavily reliant on Nestl , which has the right to sell and distribute our packaged goods and foodservice products to retailers and operators, with few exceptions. If Nestl fails to perform its distribution and marketing commitments under our agreements and/or fails to support, protect and grow our brand in Channel Development, our Channel Development business could be adversely impacted for a period of time, present long-term challenges to our brand, limit our ability to grow our Channel Development business and have a material adverse impact on our business and financial results. Additionally, the growth of our Channel Development business is in part dependent on the level of discretionary support provided by our retail and licensed store businesses. 
 There are generally a relatively small number of licensee partners operating in specific markets. If they are not able to access sufficient funds or financing, or are otherwise unable or unwilling to successfully operate and grow their businesses it could 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 have a material adverse effect on our results in the markets. Our business partners may be materially adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and may not have sufficient financial support and capital to remain financially solvent and may not have the ability to meet their development goals and targets. 
 Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, our financial results have been and could continue in the future to be adversely affected by the disruption to the operations of our business partners, including licensee relationships, third-party manufacturers, distributors and retailers, through the effects of business and facilities closures, reductions in operating hours, social, economic, political or labor instability in affected areas, transportation delays, travel restrictions and changes in operating procedures, including for additional cleaning and safety protocols. 
 Increases in the cost of high-quality arabica coffee beans or other commodities or decreases in the availability of high-quality arabica coffee beans or other commodities could have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. 
 The availability and prices of coffee beans and other commodities are subject to significant volatility. We purchase, roast and sell high-quality whole bean arabica coffee beans and related coffee products. The high-quality arabica coffee of the quality we seek tends to trade on a negotiated basis at a premium above the C price. This premium depends upon the supply and demand at the time of purchase and the amount of the premium can vary significantly. Increases in the C coffee commodity price increase the price of high-quality arabica coffee and also impact our ability to enter into fixed-price purchase commitments. We frequently enter into supply contracts whereby the quality, quantity, delivery period and other negotiated terms are agreed upon, but the date, and therefore price, at which the base C coffee commodity price component will be fixed has not yet been established. 
 The supply and price of coffee we purchase can also be affected by multiple factors in the producing countries, such as weather, climate change, water supply quality and availability throughout the coffee production chain, natural disasters, crop disease and pests, general increase in farm inputs and costs of production, inventory levels, political and economic conditions and the actions of certain organizations and associations that have historically attempted to influence prices of green coffee through agreements establishing export quotas or by restricting coffee supplies. Speculative trading in coffee commodities can also influence coffee prices. For example, drought conditions in Brazil have and, given continued drought conditions, are predicted to continue to impact coffee prices. Because of the significance of coffee beans to our operations, combined with our ability to only partially mitigate future price risk through purchasing practices and hedging activities, increases in the cost of high-quality arabica coffee beans could have a material adverse impact on our profitability. In addition, if we are not able to purchase sufficient quantities of green coffee due to any of the above factors or due to a worldwide or regional shortage, we may not be able to fulfill the demand for our coffee, which could have a material adverse impact on our business operations and financial performance. 
 We also purchase significant amounts of dairy products, particularly fluid milk, to support the needs of our company-operated retail stores. Additionally, and although less significant to our operations than coffee or dairy, other commodities, including tea and those related to food and beverage inputs, such as cocoa, produce, baking ingredients, meats, eggs and energy, as well as the processing of these inputs, are important to our operations. Increases in the cost of dairy products and other commodities, or lack of availability, whether due to supply shortages, delays or interruptions in processing, or otherwise, especially in international markets, could have a material adverse impact on our profitability. Similarly, increases in the cost of, or lack of availability, whether due to supply shortages, delays or interruptions in the processing of plant-based alternatives could have a material adverse impact on our profitability. 
 Interruption of our supply chain could affect our ability to produce or deliver our products and could negatively impact our business and profitability. 
 Any material interruption in our supply chain, such as material interruption of roasted coffee supply due to the casualty loss of any of our roasting plants, interruptions in service by our third-party logistic service providers or common carriers that ship goods within our distribution channels, trade restrictions, such as increased tariffs or quotas, embargoes or customs restrictions, pandemics, social or labor unrest, labor shortages, natural disasters or political disputes and military conflicts that cause a material disruption in our supply chain could have a negative material impact on our business and our profitability. Additionally, our food, beverage and other products are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international business partners in our supply chain operations, and in certain cases are produced or sourced by our licensees directly. We rely on these suppliers to provide high quality products and to comply with applicable laws. Our ability to find qualified suppliers who meet our standards and supply products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge as we increase our fresh and prepared food offerings, especially with respect to goods sourced from outside the U.S. and from countries or regions with diminished infrastructure, developing or failing economies or which are experiencing political instability or social unrest. For certain products, we may rely on one or very few suppliers. A supplier's failure to meet our standards, provide products in a timely and efficient manner, or comply with applicable laws is beyond our control. These issues could have a material negative impact on our business and profitability. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in the availability of and the cost of labor could adversely affect our business. 
 Our business could be adversely impacted by increases in labor costs, including wages and benefits, which, in a retail business such as ours, are two of our most significant costs, both domestically and internationally, including those increases triggered by regulatory actions regarding wages, scheduling and benefits; increased health care and workers compensation insurance costs; increased wages and costs of other benefits necessary to attract and retain high quality employees with the right skill sets and increased wages, benefits and costs related to the COVID-19 pandemic. The growth of our business can make it increasingly difficult to locate and hire sufficient numbers of employees, to maintain an effective system of internal controls for a globally dispersed enterprise and to train employees worldwide to deliver a consistently high-quality product and customer experience, which could materially harm our business and results of operations. Furthermore, we have experienced, and could continue to experience, a shortage of labor for store positions, including due to concerns around COVID-19 and other factors, which could decrease the pool of available qualified talent for key functions. Such labor shortages could be further exacerbated by expanded COVID-19 vaccination requirements. In addition, our wages and benefits programs may be insufficient to attract and retain the best talent. Additionally, while the number of partners represented by unions is not significant, if a significant portion of our employees were to become unionized, our labor costs could increase and our business could be negatively affected by other requirements and expectations that could increase our costs, change our employee culture, decrease our flexibility and disrupt our business. Further, our responses to any union organizing efforts could negatively impact how our brand is perceived and have adverse effects on our business, including on our financial results. 
 The loss of key personnel or difficulties recruiting and retaining qualified personnel could adversely impact our business and financial results. 
 Much of our future success depends on the continued availability and service of senior management personnel. The loss of any of our executive officers or other key senior management personnel could harm our business. Our success also depends substantially on the contributions and abilities of our retail store employees on whom we rely to give customers a superior in-store experience and elevate our brand. Accordingly, our performance depends on our ability to recruit and retain high quality management personnel and other employees to work in and manage our stores, both domestically and internationally. Our ability to attract and retain corporate, retail and other personnel is also acutely impacted in certain international and domestic markets where the competition for a relatively small number of qualified employees is intense or in markets where large high-tech companies are able to offer more competitive salaries and benefits. Additionally, there is intense competition for qualified technology systems developers necessary to develop and implement new technologies for our growth initiatives, including increasing our digital relationships with customers. If we are unable to recruit, retain and motivate employees sufficiently to maintain our current business and support our projected growth, our business and financial performance may be adversely affected. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Competition 
 We face intense competition in each of our channels and markets, which could lead to reduced profitability. 
 The specialty coffee market is intensely competitive, including with respect to product quality, innovation, service, convenience, such as delivery service and mobile ordering, and price, and we face significant and increasing competition in all of these areas in each of our channels and markets. Accordingly, we do not have leadership positions in all channels and markets. In the U.S., the ongoing focus by large competitors in the quick-service restaurant sector on selling high-quality specialty coffee beverages could lead to decreases in customer traffic to Starbucks stores and/or average value per transaction adversely affecting our sales and results of operations. Similarly, continued competition from well-established competitors, or competition from large new entrants or well-funded smaller companies, in our domestic and international markets could hinder growth and adversely affect our sales and results of operations in those markets. Many small competitors also continue to open coffee specialty stores in many of our markets across the world, which in the aggregate may also lead to significant decreases of customer traffic to our stores in those markets. Increased competition globally in packaged coffee and tea and single-serve and ready-to-drink coffee beverage markets, including from new and large entrants to this market, could adversely affect the profitability of the Channel Development segment. In addition, not all of our competitors may seek to establish environmental or sustainability goals at a comparable level to ours, which could result in lower supply chain or operating costs for our competitors. We may incur increased costs associated with reducing carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions, reducing the use of plastic or imposing performance obligations on our suppliers that could increase financial obligations for us and our business partners and could affect our profitability. Additionally, if we are unable to respond to consumer demand for healthy beverages and foods, or our competitors respond more effectively, this could have a negative effect on our business. Furthermore, declines in general consumer demand for specialty coffee products for any reason, including due to consumer preference for other products, flattening demand for our products, changed customer daily routines or traffic to stores as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, or changed customer spending behaviors due to challenging economic conditions, could have a negative effect on our business. 
 Risks Related to Operating a Global Business 
 We are highly dependent on the financial performance of our North America operating segment. 
 Our financial performance is highly dependent on our North America operating segment, which comprised approximately 70 of consolidated total net revenues in fiscal 2021. If the North America operating segment revenue trends slow or decline, or does not successfully recover in the post COVID-19 environment, especially in our U.S. market, our other segments may be unable to make up any significant shortfall and our business and financial results could be adversely affected. And because the North America segment is relatively mature and produces the large majority of our operating cash flows, such a slowdown or decline could result in reduced cash flows for funding the expansion of our international businesses and other initiatives and for returning cash to shareholders. 
 We are increasingly dependent on the success of certain international markets in order to achieve our growth targets. 
 Our future growth increasingly depends on the growth and sustained profitability of certain international markets. Some or all of our international market business units MBUs ), which we generally define by the countries in which they operate, may not be successful in their operations or in achieving expected growth, which ultimately requires achieving consistent, stable net revenues and earnings. The performance of these international operations may be adversely affected by economic downturns in one or more of the countries in which our large MBUs operate. A decline in performance of one or more of our significant international MBUs could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results. 
 The International segment is a significant profit center driving our global returns, along with our North America segment. In particular, our China MBU contributes meaningfully to both consolidated and International net revenues and operating income. China is currently our fastest growing market, our second largest market overall and 100 company-owned. Due to the significance of our China market for our profit and growth, we are exposed to risks in China, including the risks mentioned elsewhere and the following: 
 the effects of current U.S.-China relations, including rounds of tariff increases and retaliations and increasing restrictive regulations, potential boycotts and increasing anti-Americanism; 
 escalating U.S.-China tension and increasing political sensitivities in China; 
 the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and related governmental regulations and restrictions on our operations in China; 
 entry of new competitors to the specialty coffee market in China; 
 changes in economic conditions in China and potential negative effects to the growth of its middle class, wages, labor, inflation, discretionary spending and real estate and supply chain costs; 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 ongoing government regulatory reform, including relating to public health, food safety, tariffs and tax, sustainability and responses to climate change, which result in regulatory uncertainty as well as potential significant increases in compliance costs; and 
 food-safety related matters, including compliance with food-safety regulations and ability to ensure product quality and safety. 
 Additionally, some factors that will be critical to the success of our international operations overall are different than those affecting our U.S. stores and licensees. Tastes naturally vary by region, and consumers in some MBUs may not embrace our products to the same extent as consumers in the U.S. or other international markets. Occupancy costs and store operating expenses can be higher internationally than in the U.S. due to higher rents for prime store locations or costs of compliance with country-specific regulatory requirements. Because many of our international operations are in an early phase of development, operating expenses as a percentage of related revenues are often higher compared to more developed operations. 
 We face risks as a global business that could adversely affect our financial performance. 
 We operate in 84 markets globally. Our international operations are also subject to additional inherent risks of conducting business abroad, such as: 
 foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, or requirements to transact in specific currencies; 
 changes or uncertainties in economic, legal, regulatory, social and political conditions in our markets, as well as negative effects on U.S. businesses due to increasing anti-American sentiment in certain markets; 
 interpretation and application of laws and regulations, including tax, tariffs, labor, merchandise, anti-bribery and privacy laws and regulations; 
 restrictive actions of foreign or U.S. governmental authorities affecting trade and foreign investment, especially during periods of heightened tension between the U.S. and such foreign governmental authorities, including protective measures such as export and customs duties and tariffs, government intervention favoring local competitors and restrictions on the level of foreign ownership; 
 import or other business licensing requirements; 
 the enforceability of intellectual property and contract rights; 
 limitations on the repatriation of funds and foreign currency exchange restrictions due to current or new U.S. and international regulations; 
 in developing economies, the growth rate in the portion of the population achieving sufficient levels of disposable income may not be as fast as we forecast; 
 difficulty in staffing, developing and managing foreign operations and supply chain logistics, including ensuring the consistency of product quality and service, due to governmental actions affecting supply chain logistics, distance, language and cultural differences, as well as challenges in recruiting and retaining high quality employees in local markets; 
 local laws that make it more expensive and complex to negotiate with, retain or terminate employees; 
 local regulations, health guidelines and safety protocols related to the COVID-19 pandemic affecting our operations; and 
 delays in store openings for reasons beyond our control, competition with locally relevant competitors or a lack of desirable real estate locations available for lease at reasonable rates, any of which could keep us from meeting annual store opening targets and, in turn, negatively impact net revenues, operating income and earnings per share. 
 Moreover, many of the foregoing risks are particularly acute in developing countries, which are important to our long-term growth prospects. 
 Risks Related to Governmental and Regulatory Changes 
 Failure to comply with applicable laws and changing legal and regulatory requirements could harm our business and financial results. 
 Our policies and procedures are designed to comply with all applicable laws, accounting and reporting requirements, tax rules and other regulations and requirements, including those imposed by the SEC, Nasdaq and foreign countries, as well as applicable trade, labor, healthcare, food and beverage, sanitation, safety, environmental, labeling, anti-bribery and corruption and merchandise laws. Such laws and regulations are complex and often subject to differing interpretations, which can lead to unintentional or unknown instances of non-compliance. Changes in applicable environmental laws and regulations, including 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 increased or additional regulations and associated costs to limit carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions, to discourage the use of plastic or to limit or impose additional costs on commercial water use, may result in increased compliance costs, capital expenditures, incremental investments and other financial obligations for us and our business partners, which could affect our profitability. Furthermore, due to the COVID 19 pandemic, we are subject to additional domestic and foreign governmental regulations and health guidelines, as well as any other voluntary safety protocols. 
 In addition, our business is subject to complex and rapidly evolving U.S. and international laws and regulations regarding data privacy and data protection, and companies are under increased regulatory scrutiny relating to these matters. The Federal Trade Commission and many state attorneys general are also interpreting federal and state consumer protection laws to impose standards for the online collection, use, dissemination and security of data. The interpretation and application of existing laws and regulations regarding data privacy and data protection are in flux and authorities around the world are considering a number of additional legislative and regulatory proposals in this area. Current and future data privacy and data protection laws and regulations (including the GDPR and the CCPA, discussed in more detail in this risk factors section, and other applicable international and U.S. privacy laws), or new interpretations of existing laws and regulations, may limit our ability to collect and use data, require us to otherwise modify our data processing practices and policies or result in the possibility of fines, litigation or orders, which may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. The burdens imposed by these and other laws and regulations that may be enacted, or new interpretations of existing and future laws and regulations, may also require us to incur substantial costs in reaching compliance in a manner adverse to our business. 
 The complexity of the regulatory environment in which we operate and the related costs of compliance are both increasing due to additional or changing legal and regulatory requirements, our ongoing expansion into new markets and new channels and the fact that foreign laws occasionally conflict with domestic laws. In addition to potential damage to our reputation and brand, failure by us or our business partners to comply with the various applicable laws and regulations, as well as changes in laws and regulations or the manner in which they are interpreted or applied, may result in litigation, civil and criminal liability, damages, fines and penalties, increased cost of regulatory compliance and restatements of our financial statements and have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 The material properties used by Starbucks in connection with its roasting, manufacturing, warehousing, distribution and corporate administrative operations, serving all segments, are as follows: Location Approximate Size in Square Feet Purpose York, PA 1,957,000 Roasting, warehousing and distribution Seattle, WA 1,288,000 Corporate administrative Minden, NV (Carson Valley) 1,080,000 Roasting, warehousing and distribution Lebanon, TN 680,000 Warehousing and distribution Kent, WA 510,000 Roasting and distribution Auburn, WA 491,000 Warehousing and distribution Shanghai, China 175,000 Corporate administrative 
 We own most of our roasting facilities and lease the majority of our warehousing and distribution locations. As of October 3, 2021, Starbucks h ad 17,133 company-operated stores, almost all of which are leased. We also lease space in various locations worldwide for regional, district and other administrative offices, training facilities and storag e. In addition to the locations listed above, we hold inventory at various locations managed by third-party warehouses. We believe our existing facilities, both owned and leased, are in good condition and suitable for the conduct of our business. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 See Note 16 , Commitments and Contingencies, to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this 10-K for information regarding certain legal proceedings in which we are involved. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION 
 MARKET INFORMATION AND DIVIDEND POLICY 
 Starbucks common stock is traded on Nasdaq, under the symbol SBUX. 
 As of November 12, 2021, we had approximately 18,000 shareholders of record. This does not include persons whose stock is in nominee or street name accounts through brokers. 
 Future decisions to pay comparable cash dividends continue to be at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will be dependent on our operating performance, financial condition, capital expenditure requirements and other factors that the Board of Directors considers relevant. 
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Shares under our ongoing share repurchase program may be repurchased in open market transactions, including pursuant to a trading plan adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), as amended, or through privately negotiated transactions. The timing, manner, price and amount of repurchases will be determined at our discretion, and the share repurchase program may be suspended, terminated or modified at any time for any reason. During the fiscal year ended October 3, 2021, there was no share repurchase activity. As of October 3, 2021, 48.9 million shares remained available for repurchase under current authorizations. Due to our business recovery and restoration of certain leverage metrics, we have resumed our share repurchase program in the first quarter of fiscal 2022. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Performance Comparison Graph 
 The following graph depicts the total return to shareholders from October 2, 2016, through October 3, 2021, relative to the performance of the Standard Poor s 500 Index, the NASDAQ Composite Index and the Standard Poor s 500 Consumer Discretionary Sector, a peer group that includes Starbucks. All indices shown in the graph have been reset to a base of 100 as of October 2, 2016, and assume an investment of 100 on that date and the reinvestment of dividends paid since that date. The stock price performance shown in the graph is not necessarily indicative of future price performance. 
 Oct 2, 2016 Oct 1, 2017 Sep 30, 2018 Sep 29, 2019 Sep 27, 2020 Oct 3, 2021 Starbucks Corporation 100.00 100.98 109.35 173.26 168.68 229.83 S P 500 100.00 118.61 139.85 145.80 167.89 218.27 NASDAQ Composite 100.00 123.68 154.82 155.63 219.37 285.75 S P Consumer Discretionary 100.00 114.52 151.78 155.36 200.25 238.59 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 General 
 Our fiscal year ends on the Sunday closest to September 30. All references to store counts, including data for new store openings, are reported net of related store closures, unless otherwise noted. Fiscal year 2021 included 53 weeks, with the 53rd week falling in the fourth fiscal quarter. Fiscal years 2020 and 2019 included 52 weeks. For fiscal 2021, comparable store sales percentages were calculated excluding the extra week in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. 
 The discussion of our financial condition and results of operations for the year ended September 29, 2019, included in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A can be found in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 27, 2020. The fiscal 2021 Latin America and Caribbean licensed store market resegmentation did not have a material impact to prior year North America and International operating segment business trends and operating margins. 

Overview 
 In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, certain changes were made to our management team, and our operating segment reporting structure was realigned as a result. We realigned our fully licensed Latin America and Caribbean markets from our Americas operating segment to our International operating segment. Additionally, we renamed the Americas operating segment to the North America operating segment, since it is comprised of our company-operated and licensed stores in the U.S. and Canada. We also made certain other immaterial changes between our International operating segment and Corporate and Other. Concurrent with the change in reportable segments, we revised our prior period financial information to be consistent with the current period presentation. There was no impact on consolidated net revenues, total operating expenses, operating income or net earnings per share as a result of these changes. 
 We have three reportable operating segments: 1) North America, which is inclusive of the U.S. and Canada; 2) International, which is inclusive of China, Japan, Asia Pacific, Europe, Middle East, Africa, Latin America and the Caribbean; and 3) Channel Development. Non-reportable operating segments such as Evolution Fresh and unallocated corporate expenses are reported within Corporate and Other. 
 Our financial results and long-term growth model will continue to be driven by new store openings, comparable store sales and margin management. We believe these key operating metrics are useful to investors because management uses these metrics to assess the growth of our business and the effectiveness of our marketing and operational strategies. Throughout this MD A, we commonly discuss the following key operating metrics: 
 New store openings and store count 
 Comparable store sales 
 Operating margin 
 Starbucks results for fiscal 2021 demonstrate the overall strength and resilience of our brand. Consolidated revenues increased 24 to 29.1 billion in fiscal 2021 compared to 23.5 billion in fiscal 2020, primarily due to business recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic. Also contributing to the increase was 576 million of incremental revenue attributable to the extra week in fiscal 2021. 
 For the North America segment, comparable store sales increased 22 for fiscal 2021 compared to a decline of 12 in fiscal 2020. Comparable store sales for our U.S. market increased 21 for fiscal 2021 compared to a decline of 12 in fiscal 2020. The U.S. market also had a 7 increase in two-year comparable store sales (1) . We lapped higher costs attributable to COVID-19 in the prior year, including catastrophe pay programs for company-operated store partners (employees), net of qualified tax credits provided by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act CARES Act and the Canada Emergency Wage Subsidy CEWS ). In fiscal 2020, we announced a restructuring plan to optimize our North America store portfolio, primarily in dense, metropolitan markets, by blending store formats to better cater to changing customer tastes and preferences. As of the fiscal year ended October 3, 2021, we had substantially completed our restructuring plan, which resulted in the closure of 807 stores in the U.S. and Canada. Costs incurred related to the restructuring efforts were recorded as restructuring and impairments on our consolidated statements of earnings. In October 2021, we announced plans to deliver retail wage increases across the U.S. in fiscal 2022. This investment, combined with industry-leading benefits, supports Starbucks aspiration to remain an employer of choice that can attract and retain the high-quality talent necessary to support our continued growth. 
 For the International segment, comparable store sales increased by 16 for fiscal 2021 compared to a decline of 19 in fiscal 2020. Comparable store sales for our China market increased 17 , inclusive of a 3 adverse impact from lapping the prior-year value-added tax VAT benefit. Key markets in the International segment continued to experience pandemic-related restrictions that significantly impacted customer mobility during the year. Although nearly all company-operated stores in these markets remained open, the modified operating protocols had an adverse impact to comparable store sales and operating results. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue for our Channel Development segment decreased 331 million, or 17 , when compared with fiscal 2020. This was largely due to the transition of certain single-serve product activities to Nestl beginning in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. This was partially offset by growth in our ready-to-drink business. We expect Channel Development to return to more normalized reported revenue growth levels in fiscal 2022, as the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 is the last quarter lapping these transition related activities. 
 During fiscal 2021, we began to experience certain supply shortages and transportation delays largely attributable to impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic as well as changes in customer demand and behaviors. While we expect these shortages and delays may continue into fiscal 2022, we view them to be temporary and do not believe they will have a material impact to our long-term growth and profitability. Absent significant and prolonged COVID-19 relapses or global economic disruptions, and based on the current trend of our business operations and our focused efforts to elevate customer experiences, enhance digital capabilities and drive beverage innovation, we are confident in the strength of our brand and the durability of long-term Growth at Scale strategy to deliver consistent revenue and income growth. We anticipate the planned wage investment in the U.S., along with increased supply chain costs primarily related to inflationary pressures that began in the latter half of the fiscal year, will have an impact to operating margin in fiscal 2022. However, these should be meaningfully offset by benefits from pricing decisions and leverage from revenue growth and productivity efficiency. 
 (1) Two-year comparable store sales metric is calculated as ((1 + change in comparable store sales in FY20) (1 + change in comparable store sales in FY21)) - 1. Two-year comparable store sales for the U.S. of 7 = ((1 + (-12 )) (1 + 21 )) - 1. 
 
 Financial Highlights 
 Total net revenues increased 24 to 29.1 billion in fiscal 2021 compared to 23.5 billion in fiscal 2020, including 576 million attributable to the extra week in fiscal 2021. 
 Consolidated operating income increased to 4.9 billion in fiscal 2021 compared to 1.6 billion in fiscal 2020. Fiscal 2021 operating margin was 16.8 compared to 6.6 in fiscal 2020. Operating margin expansion was primarily due to sales leverage from business recovery and lapping higher COVID-19 related costs in the prior year, mainly catastrophe and service pay for store partners, net of temporary subsidies from the U.S. and certain foreign governments, as well as pricing in North America in the current year. These increases were partially offset by enhancements in retail store partner wages and benefits and, to a lesser extent, increased supply chain costs due to accelerated inflationary pressures in the latter half of fiscal 2021. 
 Diluted earnings per share EPS for fiscal 2021 increased to 3.54, compared to EPS of 0.79 in fiscal 2020. The increase was primarily driven by lapping the adverse impacts of COVID-19 in prior year. Also contributing to the increase was a 0.56 gain net of estimated taxes on the divestiture of our South Korea joint venture and 0.10 related to the extra week in fiscal 2021. 
 Capital expenditures were 1.5 billion for both fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020. 
 We returned 2.1 billion to our shareholders in fiscal 2021 through dividends. We returned 3.6 billion in fiscal 2020 through share repurchases and dividends. We temporarily suspended our share repurchase program in March 2020. Due to our business recovery and restoration of certain leverage metrics, we have resumed our share repurchase program in the first quarter of fiscal 2022. 
 
 Acquisitions and Divestitures 
 See Note 2 , Acquisitions, Divestitures and Strategic Alliance, to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this 10-K for information regarding acquisitions and divestitures. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FISCAL 2021 COMPARED TO FISCAL 2020 
 Consolidated results of operations (in millions) : 
 Revenues Fiscal Year Ended Oct 3, 2021 Sep 27, 2020 
 Change 
 Net revenues: Company-operated stores 24,607.0 19,164.6 28.4 Licensed stores 2,683.6 2,327.1 15.3 Other 1,770.0 2,026.3 (12.6) Total net revenues 29,060.6 23,518.0 23.6 
 Total net revenues increased 5.5 billion, or 24 , over fiscal 2020, primarily due to higher revenues from company-operated stores 5.4 billion). The growth in company-operated store revenue was driven by a 20 increase in comparable store sales 3.8 billion), attributable to a 9 increase in comparable transactions and a 10 increase in average ticket, the incremental revenues from 524 net new Starbucks company-operated store openings, or a 3 increase, over the past 12 months 782 million), the impact of the extra week in fiscal 2021 496 million) and the impact of favorable foreign currency translation 359 million). 
 Licensed stores revenue of 357 million also contributed to the increase in total net revenues, driven by higher product and equipment sales to and royalty revenues from our licensees 270 million), the impact of the extra week in fiscal 2021 57 million) and the impact of favorable foreign currency translation 28 million). 
 Other revenues decreased 256 million, primarily driven by the transition of certain single-serve product activities to Nestl . Partially offsetting this decrease was growth in our ready-to-drink business 43 million) and the impact of the extra fiscal week in fiscal 2021 23 million). 
 Operating Expenses Fiscal Year Ended Oct 3, 2021 Sep 27, 2020 Oct 3, 2021 Sep 27, 2020 As a of Total 
 Net Revenues 
 Product and distribution costs 8,738.7 7,694.9 30.1 32.7 Store operating expenses 11,930.9 10,764.0 41.1 45.8 Other operating expenses 359.5 430.3 1.2 1.8 Depreciation and amortization expenses 1,441.7 1,431.3 5.0 6.1 General and administrative expenses 1,932.6 1,679.6 6.7 7.1 Restructuring and impairments 170.4 278.7 0.6 1.2 Total operating expenses 24,573.8 22,278.8 84.6 94.7 Income from equity investees 385.3 322.5 1.3 1.4 Operating income 4,872.1 1,561.7 16.8 6.6 Store operating expenses as a of related revenues 48.5 56.2 
 Product and distribution costs as a percentage of total net revenues decreased 260 basis points, primarily due to sales leverage driven by lapping the severe impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in the prior year and pricing in North America in the current year. These decreases were partially offset by increased supply chain costs due to accelerated inflationary pressures in the latter half of fiscal 2021. 
 Store operating expenses as a percentage of total net revenues decreased 470 basis points. Store operating expenses as a percentage of company-operated store revenues decreased 770 basis points, primarily due to sales leverage from business recovery and lapping higher COVID-19 related costs in the prior year, mainly catastrophe and service pay for store partners, net of temporary subsidies from the U.S. and certain foreign governments (approximately 190 basis points) and labor efficiencies (approximately 110 basis points). These decreases were partially offset by enhancements in retail store partner wages and benefits (approximately 140 basis points). 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Other operating expenses decreased 71 million, primarily due to lower Global Coffee Alliance transaction costs, inclusive of lapping integration costs for the Global Coffee Alliance and a change of a related accrual estimate in fiscal 2021. 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses as a percentage of total net revenues decreased 110 basis points, primarily due to sales leverage. 
 General and administrative expenses increased 253 million, primarily due to higher performance-based compensation, recognizing the strength of the Company's overall recovery from pandemic-related business impacts 111 million), incremental strategic investments in technology 89 million), increased partner wages and benefits 26 million) and the impact of the extra week in fiscal 2021 22 million). 
 Restructuring and impairment expenses decreased 108 million, primarily due to lower asset impairment related to our North America store portfolio optimization 65 million), lapping the intangible asset impairment from the prior year 22 million) and lower severance costs. 
 Income from equity investees increased 63 million, primarily due to higher income from our North American Coffee Partnership joint venture 30 million) and growth in our South Korea joint venture prior to divestiture 22 million). We expect lower income from equity method investments in the future as a result of the sale of our South Korea joint venture (see Note 2 ); however, we do not expect this transaction to have a material impact on future revenue and operating margin trends. 
 The combination of these changes resulted in an overall increase in operating margin of 1,020 basis points in fiscal 2021 when compared to fiscal 2020. 
 Other Income and Expenses Fiscal Year Ended Oct 3, 2021 Sep 27, 2020 Oct 3, 2021 Sep 27, 2020 As a of Total 
 Net Revenues 
 Operating income 4,872.1 1,561.7 16.8 6.6 Net gain resulting from divestiture of certain operations 864.5 3.0 Interest income and other, net 90.1 39.7 0.3 0.2 Interest expense (469.8) (437.0) (1.6) (1.9) Earnings before income taxes 5,356.9 1,164.4 18.4 5.0 Income tax expense 1,156.6 239.7 4.0 1.0 Net earnings including noncontrolling interests 4,200.3 924.7 14.5 3.9 Net earnings/(loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 1.0 (3.6) Net earnings attributable to Starbucks 4,199.3 928.3 14.5 3.9 Effective tax rate including noncontrolling interests 21.6 20.6 
 Net gain resulting from divestiture of certain operations increased 865 million due to the sale of our ownership interest in our South Korea joint venture. 
 Interest income and other, net increased 50 million, primarily due to additional income from certain investments and net favorable fair value adjustments from derivatives used to manage our commodity price fluctuation risk. 
 Interest expense increased 33 million primarily due to additional interest incurred on long-term debt issued in March 2020 and May 2020. 
 The effective tax rate for fiscal 2021 was 21.6 compared to 20.6 for fiscal 2020. The increase was due to the foreign rate differential on our jurisdictional mix of earnings (approximately 380 basis points) as well as higher pre-tax income in fiscal 2021, which resulted in lower rate benefits from several discrete items, including stock-based compensation excess tax benefits (approximately 380 basis points), the release of income tax reserves upon expiration of statute of limitations (approximately 150 basis points) and the remeasurement of deferred tax assets due to an enacted foreign corporate rate change (approximately 80 basis points). These unfavorable drivers were partially offset by lapping valuation allowances recorded against deferred tax assets of certain international jurisdictions in the prior year (approximately 990 basis points). See Note 14 , Income Taxes, for further discussion. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Segment Information 
 Results of operations by segment (in millions) : 
 North America (1) Fiscal Year Ended Oct 3, 2021 Sep 27, 2020 Oct 3, 2021 Sep 27, 2020 As a of North America Total Net Revenues Net revenues: Company-operated stores 18,737.3 14,778.8 91.6 90.7 Licensed stores 1,702.2 1,509.9 8.3 9.3 Other 8.4 7.5 Total net revenues 20,447.9 16,296.2 100.0 100.0 Product and distribution costs 5,453.8 4,564.4 26.7 28.0 Store operating expenses 9,359.5 8,488.0 45.8 52.1 Other operating expenses 166.0 154.6 0.8 0.9 Depreciation and amortization expenses 753.9 762.0 3.7 4.7 General and administrative expenses 300.0 268.0 1.5 1.6 Restructuring and impairments 155.4 257.5 0.8 1.6 Total operating expenses 16,188.6 14,494.5 79.2 88.9 Operating income 4,259.3 1,801.7 20.8 11.1 
 (1) North America licensed store revenues, total net revenues, product and distribution costs, other operating expenses, total operating expenses and operating income for the fiscal year ended September 27, 2020, have been restated to conform with current period presentation. 
 Revenues 
 North America total net revenues for fiscal 2021 increased 4.2 billion, or 25 , primarily due to a 22 increase in comparable store sales 3.1 billion) driven by a 13 increase in average ticket and a 7 increase in transactions and the impact of the extra week in fiscal 2021 427 million). Also contributing to these increases were the performance of new stores compared to the closure of underperforming stores, including stores related to our restructuring plan 394 million), higher product and equipment sales to and royalty revenues from our licensees 151 million) primarily due to lapping the severe impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in the prior year and favorable foreign currency translation 76 million). 
 Operating Margin 
 North America operating income for fiscal 2021 increased 136 to 4.3 billion, compared to 1.8 billion in fiscal 2020. Operating margin increased 970 basis points to 20.8 , primarily due to sales leverage from business recovery and lapping higher COVID-19 related costs in the prior year, mainly catastrophe and service pay for store partners, net of temporary subsidies provided by the CARES Act and CEWS (approximately 180 basis points). Also contributing to the margin improvements were pricing (approximately 130 basis points), lower restructuring expenses (approximately 80 basis points) and benefits from the closure of lower-performing stores (approximately 60 basis points). These increases were partially offset by enhancements in retail store partner wages and benefits (approximately 150 basis points) and, to a lesser extent, increased supply chain costs due to accelerated inflationary pressures in the latter half of fiscal 2021. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 International (1) Fiscal Year Ended Oct 3, 2021 Sep 27, 2020 Oct 3, 2021 Sep 27, 2020 As a of International 
 Total Net Revenues 
 Net revenues: Company-operated stores 5,869.7 4,385.8 84.8 83.8 Licensed stores 981.4 817.2 14.2 15.6 Other 70.5 27.6 1.0 0.5 Total net revenues 6,921.6 5,230.6 100.0 100.0 Product and distribution costs 2,187.3 1,729.1 31.6 33.1 Store operating expenses 2,571.4 2,276.0 37.2 43.5 Other operating expenses 147.3 153.6 2.1 2.9 Depreciation and amortization expenses 544.7 518.4 7.9 9.9 General and administrative expenses 360.5 286.4 5.2 5.5 Restructuring and impairments (1.2) Total operating expenses 5,811.2 4,962.3 84.0 94.9 Income from equity investees 135.3 102.3 2.0 2.0 Operating income 1,245.7 370.6 18.0 7.1 
 (1) International licensed store revenues, total net revenues, product and distribution costs, other operating expenses, general and administrative expenses, total operating expenses and operating income for the fiscal year ended September 27, 2020, have been restated to conform with current period presentation. 
 Revenues 
 International total net revenues for fiscal 2021 increased 1.7 billion, or 32 , primarily due to a 16 increase in comparable store sales 697 million), driven by a 14 increase in transactions and a 1 increase in average ticket. Also contributing to this increase were 746 net new Starbucks company-operated stores, or an 11 increase, over the past 12 months 388 million). Additionally, there was favorable foreign currency translation 310 million), the impact of the extra week in fiscal 2021 127 million) and higher product sales to and royalty revenues from our licensees 121 million) primarily due to lapping the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in the prior year. 
 Operating Margin 
 International operating income for fiscal 2021 increased 236 to 1.2 billion, compared to 371 million in fiscal 2020. Operating margin increased 1,090 basis points to 18.0 , primarily due to sales leverage driven by lapping the severe impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in the prior year as well as higher temporary government subsidies (approximately 170 basis points) and labor efficiencies (approximately 110 basis points). Also contributing to this increase was lapping temporary royalty relief provided to licensees in the prior year (approximately 60 basis points). 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Channel Development Fiscal Year Ended Oct 3, 2021 Sep 27, 2020 Oct 3, 2021 Sep 27, 2020 As a of Channel Development Total Net Revenues Net revenues 1,593.6 1,925.0 Product and distribution costs 1,011.2 1,338.1 63.5 69.5 Other operating expenses 31.3 108.2 2.0 5.6 Depreciation and amortization expenses 1.2 1.2 0.1 0.1 General and administrative expenses 10.8 10.5 0.7 0.5 Total operating expenses 1,054.5 1,458.0 66.2 75.7 Income from equity investees 250.0 220.2 15.7 11.4 Operating income 789.1 687.2 49.5 35.7 
 Revenues 
 Channel Development total net revenues for fiscal 2021 decreased 331 million, or 17 , compared to fiscal 2020, primarily due to the transition of certain single-serve product activities to Nestl 348 million) and the lapping of higher transition activities related to the Global Coffee Alliance in the prior year 85 million). These were partially offset by growth in our ready-to-drink business 52 million) and the impact of the extra week in fiscal 2021 21 million). 
 Operating Margin 
 Channel Development operating income for fiscal 2021 increased 15 to 789 million, compared to 687 million in fiscal 2020. Operating margin increased 1,380 basis points to 49.5 , primarily due to the transfer of certain single-serve product activities to Nestl as part of the Global Coffee Alliance (approximately 730 basis points) and lapping higher transition costs for the Global Coffee Alliance and a change in estimate relating to a transaction cost accrual in fiscal 2021 (approximately 380 basis points). Strong performance from our North American Coffee Partnership joint venture (approximately 120 basis points) also contributed. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Corporate and Other (1) Fiscal Year Ended Oct 3, 2021 Sep 27, 2020 Change Net revenues: Other 97.5 66.2 47.3 Total net revenues 97.5 66.2 47.3 Product and distribution costs 86.4 63.3 36.5 Other operating expenses 14.9 13.9 7.2 Depreciation and amortization expenses 141.9 149.7 (5.2) General and administrative expenses 1,261.3 1,114.7 13.2 Restructuring and impairments 15.0 22.4 (33.0) Total operating expenses 1,519.5 1,364.0 11.4 Operating loss (1,422.0) (1,297.8) 9.6 
 (1) Corporate and other general and administrative expenses and operating loss for the fiscal year ended September 27, 2020, have been restated to conform with current period presentation. 
 Corporate and Other primarily consists of our unallocated corporate expenses and Evolution Fresh. Unallocated corporate expenses include corporate administrative functions that support the operating segments but are not specifically attributable to or managed by any segment and are not included in the reported financial results of the operating segments. 
 Corporate and Other operating loss increased to 1.4 billion for fiscal 2021, or 10 , compared to 1.3 billion in fiscal 2020. This increase was primarily driven by incremental investments in technology 81 million) and higher performance-based compensation, due to better than expected business recovery 57 million). 

FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Cash and Investment Overview 
 Our cash and investments were 6.9 billion and 4.8 billion as of October 3, 2021 and September 27, 2020, respectively. We actively manage our cash and investments in order to internally fund operating needs, make scheduled interest and principal payments on our borrowings, make acquisitions and return cash to shareholders through common stock cash dividend payments and share repurchases. Our investment portfolio primarily includes highly liquid available-for-sale securities, including corporate debt securities, government treasury securities (domestic and foreign) and commercial paper. As of October 3, 2021, approximately 2.9 billion of cash was held in foreign subsidiaries. 
 Borrowing capacity 
 Credit Facilities and Commercial Paper 
 Our total contractual borrowing capacity for general corporate purposes was 3.0 billion as of the end of fiscal 2021. 
 Revolving Lines of Credit 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, we replaced our 2.0 billion unsecured 5-year revolving credit facility (the 2018 credit facility and our 1.0 billion unsecured 364-Day credit facility (the 364-day credit facility with a new 3.0 billion unsecured 5-year revolving credit facility (the 2021 credit facility ). 
 Our 2021 credit facility, of which 150 million may be used for issuances of letters of credit, is currently set to mature on September 16, 2026. We have the option, subject to negotiation and agreement with the related banks, to increase the maximum commitment amount by an additional 1.0 billion. Borrowings under the credit facility will bear interest at a variable rate based on LIBOR, and, for U.S. dollar-denominated loans under certain circumstances, a Base Rate (as defined in the credit facility), in each case plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin is based on the Company s long-term credit ratings assigned by Moody s and Standard Poor s rating agencies. The 2021 credit facility contains alternative interest rate provisions specifying rate calculations to be used at such time LIBOR ceases to be available as a benchmark due to reference rate reform. The Base Rate of interest is the highest of (i) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.025 , (ii) Bank of America s prime rate, and (iii) the Eurocurrency Rate (as defined in the credit facility) plus 1.025 . The 2021 credit facility is available for general corporate purposes. As of October 3, 2021, we had no borrowings under the 2021 credit facility. 
 Commercial Paper 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Under our commercial paper program, we may issue unsecured commercial paper notes up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of 3.0 billion, with individual maturities that may vary but not exceed 397 days from the date of issue. Amounts outstanding under the commercial paper program are required to be backstopped by available commitments under the 2021 credit facility discussed above. The proceeds from borrowings under our commercial paper program may be used for working capital needs, capital expenditures and other corporate purposes, including, but not limited to, business expansion, payment of cash dividends on our common stock and share repurchases. As of October 3, 2021, we had no amounts outstanding under our commercial paper program. 
 Credit Facilities in Japan 
 Additionally, we hold Japanese yen-denominated credit facilities which are available for working capital needs and capital expenditures within our Japanese market. 
 A 5 billion, or 44.9 million, facility is currently set to mature on December 30, 2021. Borrowings under the credit facility are subject to terms defined within the facility and will bear interest at a variable rate based on TIBOR plus an applicable margin of 0.400 . 
 A 10 billion, or 89.9 million, facility is currently set to mature on March 26, 2022. Borrowings under the credit facility are subject to terms defined within the facility and will bear interest at a variable rate based on TIBOR plus 0.350 . 
 As of October 3, 2021, we had no borrowings outstanding under these credit facilities. 
 See Note 9 , Debt, to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this 10-K for details of the components of our long-term debt. 
 Our ability to incur new liens and conduct sale and leaseback transactions on certain material properties is subject to compliance with terms of the indentures under which the long-term notes were issued. As of October 3, 2021, we were in compliance with all applicable covenants. 
 Use of Cash 
 We expect to use our available cash and investments, including, but not limited to, additional potential future borrowings under the credit facilities, commercial paper program and the issuance of debt to support and invest in our core businesses, including investing in new ways to serve our customers and supporting our store partners, repaying maturing debts, as well as returning cash to shareholders through common stock cash dividend payments and discretionary share repurchases and investing in new business opportunities related to our core and developing businesses. Further, we may use our available cash resources to make proportionate capital contributions to our investees. We may also seek strategic acquisitions to leverage existing capabilities and further build our business in support of our Growth at Scale agenda. Acquisitions may include increasing our ownership interests in our investees. Any decisions to increase such ownership interests will be driven by valuation and fit with our ownership strategy. 
 We believe that net future cash flows generated from operations and existing cash and investments both domestically and internationally combined with our ability to leverage our balance sheet through the issuance of debt will be sufficient to finance capital requirements for our core businesses as well as shareholder distributions for the foreseeable future. However, significant new joint ventures, acquisitions and/or other new business opportunities may require additional outside funding. We have borrowed funds and continue to believe we have the ability to do so at reasonable interest rates; however, additional borrowings would result in increased interest expense in the future. In this regard, we may incur additional debt, within targeted levels, as part of our plans to fund our capital programs, including cash returns to shareholders through future dividends and discretionary share repurchases. If necessary, we may pursue additional sources of financing, including both short-term and long-term borrowings and debt issuances. 
 We regularly review our cash positions and our determination of partial indefinite reinvestment of foreign earnings. In the event we determine that all or another portion of such foreign earnings are no longer indefinitely reinvested, we may be subject to additional foreign withholding taxes and U.S. state income taxes, which could be material. We currently do not anticipate the need for repatriated funds to the U.S. to satisfy domestic liquidity needs. See Note 14 , Income Taxes, for further discussion. 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, we replaced our 2.0 billion 2018 credit facility and our 1.0 billion 364-day credit facility with a new 3.0 billion 2021 credit facility. The 2021 credit facility was not drawn on in fiscal 2021 and is currently set to mature on September 16, 2026. 
 During each of the first three quarters of fiscal 2020, we declared a cash dividend to shareholders of 0.41 per share. On September 30, 2020, and for each of the first three quarters of fiscal 2021, we declared a cash dividend of 0.45 per share. Dividends are generally paid in the quarter following the declaration date. Cash returned to shareholders through dividends in 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 fiscal 2021 and 2020 totaled 2.1 billion and 1.9 billion, respectively. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, we declared a cash dividend of 0.49 per share to be paid on November 26, 2021, with an expected payout of approximately 578.1 million. 
 In March 2019, we entered into accelerated share repurchase agreements ASR agreements with third-party financial institutions totaling 2.0 billion, effective March 22, 2019. We made a 2.0 billion up-front payment to the financial institutions and received an initial delivery of 22.2 million shares of our common stock. In June 2019, we received an additional 3.9 million shares upon the completion of the program based on a volume-weighted average share price (less discount) of 76.50. 
 Outside of the ASR agreements noted above, we repurchased 36.6 million shares of common stock for 3.1 billion on the open market during the fiscal year ended September 29, 2019. In total, we repurchased 139.6 million shares at a total cost of 10.1 billion for the fiscal year ended September 29, 2019. 
 Our Board of Directors approved an increase of 120 million and 40 million shares to our ongoing share repurchase program during the fiscal first quarter of 2019 and fiscal second quarter of 2020, respectively. We temporarily suspended our share repurchase program in March 2020. Prior to the suspension, we repurchased 20.3 million shares of common stock for 1.7 billion on the open market during the year ended September 27, 2020. As of October 3, 2021, 48.9 million shares remained available for repurchase under current authorizations. Due to our business recovery and restoration of certain leverage metrics, we have resumed our share repurchase program in the first quarter of fiscal 2022. 
 Other than operating expenses, cash requirements for fiscal 2022 are expected to consist primarily of capital expenditures for investments in our new and existing stores, our supply chain and corporate facilities. Total capital expenditures for fiscal 2022 are expected to be approximately 2 billion. 
 The following table summarizes current and long-term material cash requirements as of October 3, 2021, which we expect to fund primarily with operating cash flows in millions ): Material Cash Requirements Total Less than 1 
 Year 
 1 - 3 
 Years 
 3 - 5 
 Years 
 More than 
 5 Years 
 Operating lease obligations (1) 
 10,129.9 1,504.6 2,751.5 2,169.1 3,704.7 Debt obligations Principal payments 14,713.8 1,000.0 2,513.8 1,750.0 9,450.0 Interest payments 6,639.0 457.1 840.7 730.1 4,611.1 Purchase obligations (2) 
 1,800.2 1,202.6 533.9 63.7 Other obligations (3) 
 368.4 54.6 92.6 136.5 84.7 Total 33,651.3 4,218.9 6,732.5 4,849.4 17,850.5 
 (1) Amounts include direct lease obligations, excluding any taxes, insurance and other related expenses. 
 (2) Purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding on Starbucks and that specify all significant terms. Green coffee purchase commitments comprise 96 of total purchase obligations. 
 (3) Other obligations include other long-term liabilities primarily consisting of long-term income taxes payable, asset retirement obligations and equity investment capital commitments. 
 Cash Flows 
 Cash provided by operating activities was 6.0 billion for fiscal 2021, compared to 1.6 billion for fiscal 2020. The change was primarily due to higher net earnings and lapping the U.S. federal tax payment related to the Nestl transaction in fiscal 2020. 
 Cash used in investing activities totaled 0.3 billion for fiscal 2021, compared to 1.7 billion for fiscal 2020. The change was primarily driven by net proceeds from the divestiture of our ownership interest in our South Korea joint venture and higher maturities and calls of investments. This was partially offset by a decrease in sales of investments and higher capital contributions to equity method investments. 
 Cash used in financing activities for fiscal 2021 totaled 3.7 billion, compared to cash provided by financing activities of 1.7 billion for fiscal 2020. The change was primarily due to lower net proceeds from borrowing activities and higher debt repayments, partially offset by the temporary suspension of our share repurchase program. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 COMMODITY PRICES, AVAILABILITY AND GENERAL RISK CONDITIONS 
 Commodity price risk represents Starbucks primary market risk, generated by our purchases of green coffee and dairy products, among other items. We purchase, roast and sell high-quality arabica coffee and related products and risk arises from the price volatility of green coffee. In addition to coffee, we also purchase significant amounts of dairy products to support the needs of our company-operated stores. The price and availability of these commodities directly impacts our results of operations, and we expect commodity prices, particularly coffee, to impact future results of operations. For additional details see Product Supply in Item 1 , as well as Risk Factors in Item 1A of this 10-K. 
 
 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT 
 Market risk is defined as the risk of losses due to changes in commodity prices, foreign currency exchange rates, equity security prices and interest rates. We manage our exposure to various market-based risks according to a market price risk management policy. Under this policy, market-based risks are quantified and evaluated for potential mitigation strategies, such as entering into hedging transactions. The market price risk management policy governs how hedging instruments may be used to mitigate risk. Risk limits are set annually and prohibit speculative trading activity. We also monitor and limit the amount of associated counterparty credit risk, which we consider to be low. We use interest rate swap agreements and treasury locks to primarily hedge against changes in benchmark interest rates related to anticipated debt issuances. We also use cross-currency swaps and foreign exchange debt instruments to hedge against changes in the fair value of our fixed-rate debt and foreign exchange exposure of net investments in Japan. Excluding interest rate hedging instruments, cross currency swaps and foreign currency debt, hedging instruments generally do not have maturities in excess of three years. Refer to Note 1 , Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, and Note 3 , Derivative Financial Instruments, to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this 10-K for further discussion of our hedging instruments. 
 The sensitivity analyses disclosed below provide only a limited, point-in-time view of the market risk of the financial instruments discussed. The actual impact of the respective underlying rates and price changes on the financial instruments may differ significantly from those shown in the sensitivity analyses. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 We purchase commodity inputs, primarily coffee, dairy products, diesel, cocoa, sugar and other commodities, that are used in our operations and are subject to price fluctuations that impact our financial results. We use a combination of pricing features embedded within supply contracts, such as fixed-price and price-to-be-fixed contracts for coffee purchases, and financial derivatives to manage our commodity price risk exposure. 
 The following table summarizes the potential impact as of October 3, 2021 to Starbucks future net earnings and other comprehensive income OCI from changes in commodity prices. The information provided below relates only to the hedging instruments and does not represent the corresponding changes in the underlying hedged items (in millions) : Increase/(Decrease) to Net Earnings Increase/(Decrease) to OCI 10 Increase in 
 Underlying Rate 
 10 Decrease in Underlying Rate 10 Increase in Underlying Rate 10 Decrease in Underlying Rate Commodity hedges 53 (53) 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 The majority of our revenue, expense and capital purchasing activities are transacted in U.S. dollars. However, because a portion of our operations consists of activities outside of the U.S., we have transactions in other currencies, primarily the Chinese renminbi, Japanese yen, Canadian dollar, British pound, South Korean won and euro. To reduce cash flow volatility from foreign currency fluctuations, we enter into derivative instruments to hedge portions of cash flows of anticipated intercompany royalty payments, inventory purchases, intercompany borrowing and lending activities and certain other transactions in currencies other than the functional currency of the entity that enters into the arrangements, as well as the translation risk of certain balance sheet items. The volatility in the foreign exchange market may lead to significant fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates and adversely impact our financial results in the case of weakening foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes the potential impact as of October 3, 2021 to Starbucks future net earnings and other comprehensive income from changes in the fair value of these derivative financial instruments due to a change in the value of the U.S. dollar as compared to foreign exchange rates. The information provided below relates only to the hedging instruments and does not represent the corresponding changes in the underlying hedged items in millions ): Increase/(Decrease) to Net Earnings Increase/(Decrease) to OCI 10 Increase in Underlying Rate 10 Decrease in Underlying Rate 10 Increase in Underlying Rate 10 Decrease in Underlying Rate Foreign currency hedges 43 (43) 139 (139) 
 Equity Security Price Risk 
 We have minimal exposure to price fluctuations on equity mutual funds and equity exchange-traded funds within our marketable equity securities portfolio. Marketable equity securities are recorded at fair value and approximates a portion of our liability under our Management Deferred Compensation Plan MDCP ). Gains and losses from the portfolio and the change in our MDCP liability are recorded in our consolidated statements of earnings. 
 We performed a sensitivity analysis based on a 10 change in the underlying equity prices of our investments as of October 3, 2021 and determined that such a change would not have a significant impact on the fair value of these instruments. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Long-term Debt 
 We utilize short-term and long-term financing and may use interest rate hedges to manage our overall interest expense related to our existing fixed-rate debt, as well as to hedge the variability in cash flows due to changes in benchmark interest rates related to anticipated debt issuances. See Note 3 , Derivative Financial Instruments and Note 9 , Debt, to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this 10-K for further discussion of our interest rate hedge agreements and details of the components of our long-term debt, respectively, as of October 3, 2021. 
 The following table summarizes the impact of a change in interest rates as of October 3, 2021 on the fair value of Starbucks debt (in millions) : Change in Fair Value Fair Value 100 Basis Point Increase in 
 Underlying Rate 
 100 Basis Point Decrease in 
 Underlying Rate 
 Long-term debt (1) 
 16,014 1,216 (1,216) 
 (1) Amount disclosed is net of 13 million change in the fair value of our designated interest rate swap. Refer to Note 3 , Derivative Financial Instruments, for additional information on our interest rate swap designated as a fair value hedge. 
 Available-for-Sale Debt Securities 
 Our available-for-sale securities comprise a diversified portfolio consisting mainly of investment-grade debt securities. The primary objective of these investments is to preserve capital and liquidity. Available-for-sale securities are recorded on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income. We do not hedge the interest rate exposure on our investments. We performed a sensitivity analysis based on a 100 basis point change in the underlying interest rate of our available-for-sale securities as of October 3, 2021 and determined that such a change would not have a significant impact on the fair value of these instruments. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 Critical accounting estimates are those that management believes are the most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results and require the most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain, especially in light of the current economic environment due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Judgments and uncertainties may result in materially different amounts being reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. 
 Our significant accounting estimates are discussed in additional detail in Note 1 , Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates, to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this 10-K. We consider financial reporting and disclosure practices and accounting policies quarterly to ensure that they provide accurate and transparent information relative to the current economic and business environment. During the past five fiscal years, we have not made any material changes to the accounting methodologies used to assess the areas discussed below, unless noted otherwise. We believe that our significant accounting estimates involve a higher degree of judgment and/or complexity for the reasons discussed below: 
 37 

Table of Contents 

Property, Plant and Equipment and Other Finite-Lived Assets 
 We evaluate property, plant and equipment, operating lease right-of-use ROU assets and other finite-lived assets for impairment when facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying values of such assets may not be recoverable. When evaluating for impairment, we first compare the carrying value of the asset to the asset s estimated future undiscounted cash flows. If the estimated undiscounted future cash flows are less than the carrying value of the asset, we determine if we have an impairment loss by comparing the carrying value of the asset to the asset's estimated fair value and recognize an impairment charge when the asset s carrying value exceeds its estimated fair value. The adjusted carrying amount of the asset becomes its new cost basis and is depreciated over the asset's remaining useful life. 
 Long-lived assets are grouped with other assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. For company-operated store assets, the impairment test is performed at the individual store asset group level, which is inclusive of property, plant and equipment and lease ROU assets. The fair value of a store s assets is estimated using a discounted cash flow model. For other long-lived assets, fair value is determined using an approach that is appropriate based on the relevant facts and circumstances, which may include discounted cash flows, comparable transactions or comparable company analyses. 
 Our impairment calculations contain uncertainties because they require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate future cash flows and asset fair values. Key assumptions used in estimating future cash flows and asset fair values include projected revenue growth and operating expenses, as well as forecasting asset useful lives and selecting an appropriate discount rate. For company-operated stores, estimates of revenue growth and operating expenses are based on internal projections and consider the store s historical performance, the local market economics and the business environment impacting the store s performance. The discount rate is selected based on what we believe a buyer would assume when determining a purchase price for the store. The fair value of a store s ROU asset is estimated considering what a market participant would pay to lease the asset for its highest and best use. These estimates are subjective and our ability to realize future cash flows and asset fair values is affected by factors such as ongoing maintenance and improvement of the assets, changes in economic conditions and changes in operating performance. 
 In fiscal 2020, we announced a restructuring plan to optimize our North America store portfolio, primarily in dense metropolitan markets, by developing new store formats to better cater to changing customer tastes and preferences. As of October 3, 2021, 807 stores in the U.S. and Canada were identified for closure, and substantially all were closed under the plan. During fiscal years 2021 and 2020, we recorded approximately 155.4 million and 254.7 million, respectively, to restructuring and impairments on our consolidated statements of earnings. These totals included 53.1 million and 151.0 million, respectively, related to impairment and disposition of company-operated store assets and 89.5 million and 87.7 million, respectively, primarily associated with accelerated amortization of ROU lease assets and other lease costs due to store closures prior to the end of contractual lease terms. We expect total future restructuring costs under this plan, which are attributable to our North America segment, to be immaterial. 
 Asset impairment charges are discussed in Note 1 , Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this 10-K. 
 Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets 
 We evaluate goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually during our third fiscal quarter, or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate impairment may exist. When evaluating these assets for impairment, we may first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit is impaired. If we do not perform a qualitative assessment, or if we determine that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, we calculate the estimated fair value of the reporting unit using discounted cash flows or a combination of discounted cash flow and market approaches. 
 When assessing goodwill for impairment, our decision to perform a qualitative impairment assessment for an individual reporting unit is influenced by a number of factors, inclusive of the carrying value of the reporting unit s goodwill, the significance of the excess of the reporting unit s estimated fair value over carrying value at the last quantitative assessment date, the amount of time in between quantitative fair value assessments and the date of acquisition. If we perform a quantitative assessment of an individual reporting unit s goodwill, our impairment calculations contain uncertainties because they require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment when estimating future cash flows and asset fair values, including projected revenue growth and operating expenses related to existing businesses, product innovation and new store concepts, as well as utilizing valuation multiples of similar publicly traded companies and selecting an appropriate discount rate. Estimates of revenue growth and operating expenses are based on internal projections considering the reporting unit s past performance and forecasted growth, including assumptions regarding business recovery post COVID-19, strategic initiatives, local market economics and the local business environment impacting the reporting unit s performance. The discount rate is selected based 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 on the estimated cost of capital for a market participant to operate the reporting unit in the region. These estimates, as well as the selection of comparable companies and valuation multiples used in the market approaches are highly subjective, and our ability to realize the future cash flows used in our fair value calculations is affected by factors such as the success of strategic initiatives, changes in economic conditions, changes in our operating performance and changes in our business strategies, including retail initiatives and international expansion. Our goodwill impairment assessments were not significantly altered as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. We continue to believe the fair value of each of our reporting units is significantly in excess of its carrying value, and absent a sustained multi-year global decline in our business in key markets such as the U.S. and China, we do not anticipate incurring significant goodwill impairment in the next 12 months. Our fiscal 2021 annual goodwill impairment testing, which was completed in the third fiscal quarter, resulted in an estimated fair value of our reporting units where a quantitative assessment was performed, was in excess of carrying value of approximately 74 billion. When assessing indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, where we perform a qualitative assessment, we evaluate if changes in events or circumstances have occurred that indicate that impairment may exist. If we do not perform a qualitative impairment assessment or if changes in events and circumstances indicate that a quantitative assessment should be performed, management is required to calculate the fair value of the intangible asset group. The fair value calculation includes estimates of revenue growth, which are based on past performance and internal projections for the intangible asset group s forecasted growth, including assumptions regarding business recovery post COVID-19, and royalty rates, which are adjusted for our particular facts and circumstances. The discount rate is selected based on the estimated cost of capital that reflects the risk profile of the related business. These estimates are highly subjective, and our ability to achieve the forecasted cash flows used in our fair value calculations is affected by factors such as the success of strategic initiatives, changes in economic conditions, changes in our operating performance and changes in our business strategies, including retail initiatives and international expansion. We do not anticipate recording significant impairment charges in the next 12 months. 
 Definite-lived intangible asset impairment charges are discussed in Note 8 , Other Intangible Assets and Goodwill, to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this 10-K. 
 Income Taxes 
 We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the respective tax bases of our assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using current enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which we expect the temporary differences to reverse. We routinely evaluate the likelihood of realizing the benefit of our deferred tax assets and may record a valuation allowance if, based on all available evidence, we determine that some portion of the tax benefit will not be realized. 
 In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets within the jurisdiction from which they arise, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies and results of operations. In projecting future taxable income, we consider historical results and incorporate assumptions about the amount of future state, federal and foreign pre-tax operating income adjusted for items that do not have tax consequences. Our assumptions regarding future taxable income are consistent with the plans and estimates we use to manage our underlying businesses. In evaluating the objective evidence that historical results provide, we consider three years of cumulative operating income/(loss). 
 In addition, our income tax returns are periodically audited by domestic and foreign tax authorities. These audits include review of our tax filing positions, such as the timing and amount of deductions taken and the allocation of income between tax jurisdictions. We evaluate our exposures associated with our various tax filing positions and recognize a tax benefit only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination by the relevant taxing authorities, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of our position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. For uncertain tax positions that do not meet this threshold, we record a related liability. We adjust our unrecognized tax benefit liability and income tax expense in the period in which the uncertain tax position is effectively settled, the statute of limitations expires for the relevant taxing authority to examine the tax position or when new information becomes available. As discussed in Note 14 , Income Taxes, to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this 10-K, we do not expect a significant amount of the Company s gross unrecognized tax benefits to be recognized by the end of fiscal 2022 for reasons such as a lapse of the statute of limitations or resolution of examinations with tax authorities . 
 We have generated income in certain foreign jurisdictions that may be subject to additional foreign withholding taxes and U.S. state income taxes. We regularly review our plans for reinvestment or repatriation of unremitted foreign earnings. The possibility exists that foreign earnings declared as indefinitely reinvested may be repatriated as our plans are based on our estimated working and other capital needs in jurisdictions where our earnings are generated. While we do not expect to repatriate cash to the U.S. to satisfy domestic liquidity needs, if these amounts were distributed to the U.S., in the form of dividends or otherwise, we may be subject to additional foreign withholding taxes and U.S. state income taxes, which could be material. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Our income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities and liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits reflect management s best assessment of estimated current and future taxes to be paid. Deferred tax asset valuation allowances and our liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits require significant management judgment regarding applicable statutes and their related interpretation, the status of various income tax audits and our particular facts and circumstances. Although we believe that the judgments and estimates discussed herein are reasonable, actual results, including forecasted business performance could differ, and we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material. To the extent we prevail in matters for which a liability has been established or are required to pay amounts in excess of our established liability, our effective income tax rate in a given financial statement period could be materially affected. 
 
 RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 See Note 1 , Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this 10-K for a detailed description of recent accounting pronouncements. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Commodity Prices, Availability and General Risk Conditions and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Risk Management in Item 7 of this Report. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 STARBUCKS CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS 
 (in millions, except per share data) 
 Fiscal Year Ended Oct 3, 2021 Sep 27, 2020 Sep 29, 2019 Net revenues: Company-operated stores Licensed stores Other Total net revenues Product and distribution costs Store operating expenses Other operating expenses Depreciation and amortization expenses General and administrative expenses Restructuring and impairments Total operating expenses Income from equity investees Operating income Net gain resulting from divestiture of certain operations Interest income and other, net Interest expense ) ) ) Earnings before income taxes Income tax expense Net earnings including noncontrolling interests Net earnings/(loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Net earnings attributable to Starbucks Earnings per share basic Earnings per share diluted Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

41 

Table of Contents 

 STARBUCKS CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in millions) 
 Fiscal Year Ended Oct 3, 2021 Sep 27, 2020 Sep 29, 2019 Net earnings including noncontrolling interests Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax: Unrealized holding gains/(losses) on available-for-sale securities ) Tax (expense)/benefit ) ) Unrealized gains/(losses) on cash flow hedging instruments ) ) Tax (expense)/benefit ) Unrealized gains/(losses) on net investment hedging instruments ) Tax (expense)/benefit ) ) Translation adjustment and other ) Tax (expense)/benefit Reclassification adjustment for net (gains)/losses realized in net earnings for available-for-sale securities, hedging instruments, translation adjustment and other ) Tax expense/(benefit) ) Other comprehensive income/(loss) ) Comprehensive income including noncontrolling interests Comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to Starbucks 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

42 

Table of Contents 

 STARBUCKS CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in millions, except per share data) 
 Oct 3, 2021 Sep 27, 2020 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Long-term investments Equity investments Property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease, right-of-use asset Deferred income taxes, net Other long-term assets Other intangible assets Goodwill TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY/(DEFICIT) Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Accrued payroll and benefits Income taxes payable Current portion of operating lease liability Stored value card liability and current portion of deferred revenue Short-term debt Current portion of long-term debt Total current liabilities Long-term debt Operating lease liability Deferred revenue Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders deficit: Common stock par value) authorized, shares; issued and outstanding, and shares, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) ) Total shareholders deficit ) ) Noncontrolling interests Total deficit ) ) TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY/(DEFICIT) 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 STARBUCKS CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in millions) Fiscal Year Ended Oct 3, 2021 Sep 27, 2020 Sep 29, 2019 OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net earnings including noncontrolling interests Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes, net ) ) ) Income earned from equity method investees ) ) ) Distributions received from equity method investees Net gain resulting from divestiture of certain operations ) ) Stock-based compensation Goodwill impairments Non-cash lease cost Loss on retirement and impairment of assets Other ) Cash provided by/(used in) changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Income taxes payable ) Accounts payable ) Deferred revenue ) ) Operating lease liability ) ) Other operating assets and liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchases of investments ) ) ) Sales of investments Maturities and calls of investments Additions to property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Net proceeds from the divestiture of certain operations Other ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Repayments of commercial paper ) Proceeds from issuance of short-term debt Repayments of short-term debt ) ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Repayments of long-term debt ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Minimum tax withholdings on share-based awards ) ) ) Other ) ) Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS: Beginning of period End of period SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash paid during the period for: Interest, net of capitalized interest Income taxes 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 STARBUCKS CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (in millions, except per share data) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings/(Deficit) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) Shareholders Equity/(Deficit) Noncontrolling Interests Total Shares Amount Balance, September 30, 2018 ) Cumulative effect of adoption of new accounting guidance Net earnings/(loss) ) Other comprehensive income/(loss) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Exercise of stock options/vesting of RSUs Sale of common stock Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) ) ) Cash dividends declared, per share 
 ) ) ) Net distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Balance, September 29, 2019 ) ) ) ) Cumulative effect of adoption of new accounting guidance Net earnings/(loss) ) Other comprehensive income/(loss) Stock-based compensation expense Exercise of stock options/vesting of RSUs Sale of common stock Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Cash dividends declared, per share 
 ) ) ) ) Noncontrolling interest resulting from divestiture Balance, September 27, 2020 ) ) ) ) Cumulative effect of adoption of new accounting guidance ) ) ) Net earnings/(loss) Other comprehensive income/(loss) Stock-based compensation expense Exercise of stock options/vesting of RSUs Sale of common stock Cash dividends declared, per share 
 ) ) ) Balance, October 3, 2021 ) ) ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 STARBUCKS CORPORATION 
 INDEX FOR NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 47 
 Note 2 Acquisitions, Divestitures and Strategic Alliance 
 57 
 Note 3 Derivative Financial Instruments 
 57 
 Note 4 Fair Value Measurements 
 61 
 Note 5 Inventories 
 63 
 Note 6 Equity Investments 
 64 
 Note 7 Supplemental Balance Sheet and Statement of Earnings Information 
 65 
 Note 8 Other Intangible Assets and Goodwill 
 66 
 Note 9 Debt 
 67 
 Note 10 Leases 
 69 
 Note 11 Deferred Revenue 
 71 
 Note 12 Equity 
 71 
 Note 13 Employee Stock and Benefit Plans 
 73 
 Note 14 Income Taxes 
 75 
 Note 15 Earnings per Share 
 78 
 Note 16 Commitments and Contingencies 
 78 
 Note 17 Segment Reporting 
 79 

46 

Table of Contents 

 STARBUCKS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Fiscal Years ended October 3, 2021, September 27, 2020 and September 29, 2019 
 
 Note 1: 
 stores in the U.S. and Canada had been identified for closure, and substantially all were closed under the plan. During fiscal years 2021 and 2020, we recorded approximately million and million, respectively, to restructuring and impairments on our consolidated statements of earnings. These totals included million and million, respectively, related to disposal and impairment of company-operated store assets and million and million, respectively, primarily associated with accelerated amortization of ROU lease assets and other lease costs due to store closures prior to the end of contractual lease terms. Company-operated store asset impairments were the result of either a triggering event that occurred where the assets were determined not to be recoverable or the store was permanently closed. For impaired store asset groups, we estimated the fair values using an income approach incorporating internal projections of 
 47 

Table of Contents 

48 

Table of Contents 

million and million, respectively, and is included in other long-term liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. The potential effects of netting arrangements with our derivative contracts, excluding the effects of collateral, would not have had a material impact on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 By using these derivative instruments, we expose ourselves to potential credit risk. Credit risk is the failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. We minimize this credit risk by entering into transactions with carefully selected, credit-worthy counterparties and distribute contracts among several financial institutions to reduce the concentration of credit risk. 
 Cash Flow Hedges 
 For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as a cash flow hedge, the derivative's gain or loss is reported as a component of other comprehensive income OCI and recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI on our consolidated balance sheets. The gain or loss is subsequently reclassified into net earnings when the hedged exposure affects net earnings, in the same line item as the underlying hedged item on our consolidated statements of earnings. 
 Cash flow hedges related to anticipated transactions are designated and documented at the inception of each hedge. Cash flows from hedging transactions are classified in the same categories as the cash flows from the respective hedged items. For de-designated cash flow hedges in which the transactions are no longer likely to occur, the related accumulated derivative gains or losses are recognized in interest income and other, net on our consolidated statements of earnings based on the nature of the underlying transaction. 
 Net Investment Hedges 
 For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as a net investment hedge, the derivative's, or qualifying non-derivative instrument s gain or loss is reported as a component of OCI and recorded in AOCI. The gain or loss will be subsequently reclassified into net earnings when the hedged net investment is either sold or substantially liquidated. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

million. As of September 27, 2020, prior to adoption of the new estimated credit losses methodology, our allowance for doubtful accounts was million. 
 To assist certain international licensed partners with their business recovery from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, we provided payment extensions for their outstanding receivables to help them dedicate their capital to further develop stores and build the brand. During the third quarter of fiscal 2020, we also temporarily waived royalty payments from our international licensees and did not recognize royalty revenues associated with these accounts. Normal royalty billings and collections resumed during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. We do not believe the terms and forms of these financial relief actions changed our revenue recognition policy or had a significant impact on future collectability. 
 million and million , respectively. 
 to years for equipment and to years for buildings. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the related lease life, generally years. For leases with renewal periods at our option, we generally use the original lease term, excluding renewal option periods, to determine estimated useful lives. If failure to exercise a renewal option imposes an economic penalty to us, we may determine at the inception of the lease that renewal is reasonably assured and include the renewal option period in the determination of the appropriate estimated useful lives. 
 The portion of depreciation expense related to production and distribution facilities is included in product and distribution costs on our consolidated statements of earnings. The costs of repairs and maintenance are expensed when incurred, while expenditures for refurbishments and improvements that significantly add to the productive capacity or extend the useful life of an asset are capitalized. When assets are disposed of, whether through retirement or sale, the net gain or loss is recognized in 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 million, million and million in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Of the total net impairment and disposition charges, million, million and million in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, were restructuring related and recorded in restructuring and impairment expenses. For fiscal 2021 and 2020, we evaluated COVID-19 business recovery trends and their estimated impacts on future revenue growth and profitability for assessing impairment of our company-operated retail store and related operating lease ROU assets. As a result, we recorded million and million of impairment losses within store operating expenses on our consolidated statements of earnings during the years ended October 3, 2021 and September 27, 2020, respectively. Unless it is restructuring related, the nature of the underlying asset that is impaired or disposed of will determine the operating expense line on which the related impact is recorded on our consolidated statements of earnings. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 million of COVID-19-related rent concessions for stores in our International segment generally correlating with the temporary period our stores were closed. Consistent with updated guidance from the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB in April 2020, we elected to treat COVID-19-related rent concessions as variable rent. Rent concessions were recognized as an offset to our rent expense within store operating expenses on our consolidated statement of earnings. See Note 10 , Leases, for additional details. Additionally, for the years ended October 3, 2021 and September 27, 2020, we recognized accelerated amortization of ROU lease assets and other lease costs of million and million, respectively, due to planned store closures prior to the end of contractual lease terms, which were recorded in restructuring and impairments on the consolidated statement of earnings. 
 goodwill impairment during fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020. In fiscal 2019, we recorded goodwill impairment of million. See Note 8 
 million during fiscal 2020. There were no significant other intangible asset impairments charges recorded during fiscal 2019. See Note 8 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 million, million and million in company-operated store revenues, respectively, and million, million and million in licensed store revenues, respectively. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

. 
 million, million and million in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 million and million on our consolidated statement of earnings during fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. After netting the qualified credits against our payable, a receivable balance of million and million was included in prepaid expenses and other current assets as of October 3, 2021 and September 27, 2020, respectively. During the year ended October 3, 2021, we deferred million of qualified payroll tax payments. As of October 3, 2021, deferred payroll tax payments of million were included in both accrued liabilities and other long-term liabilities, respectively, on our consolidated balance sheets. As of September 27, 2020, deferred payroll tax payments of million were included in other long-term liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 million and million, respectively, and our net ARO liabilities included in other long-term liabilities were million and million, respectively. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 million transition adjustment to opening shareholders retained deficit on our consolidated statements of equity. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 
 In March 2020, the FASB issued guidance related to reference rate reform. The pronouncement provides temporary optional expedients and exceptions to the current guidance on contract modifications and hedge accounting to ease the financial reporting burden related to the expected market transition from the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR and other interbank offered rates to alternative reference rates. The guidance was effective upon issuance and generally can be applied to applicable contract modifications through December 31, 2022. We expect to adopt the guidance and begin transitioning from 
 56 

Table of Contents 

Note 2: 
 ownership interest in Starbucks Coffee Korea Co., Ltd. where our joint venture partner, E-Mart Inc., acquired an additional interest and Apfin Investment Pte Ltd, an affiliate of GIC Private Limited, which is a Singapore sovereign wealth fund, acquired the remaining . The sale had a combined price of billion. This transaction resulted in a pre-tax gain of million, which is included in net gain resulting from divestiture of certain operations on our consolidated statements of earnings. 
 Fiscal 2019 
 In the third quarter of fiscal 2019, we sold our company-operated retail business in Thailand to Coffee Concepts Thailand, a joint-venture between Maxim's Caterers Limited and F N Retail Connection Co. Ltd, converting this operation to a fully licensed market. This transaction resulted in a pre-tax gain of million, which was included in net gains resulting from divestiture of certain operations on our consolidated statements of earnings. 

Note 3: 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Cross-currency swaps ) Dairy ) ) Foreign currency - other ) Interest rates ) ) ) Net Investment Hedges: Cross-currency swaps Foreign currency Foreign currency debt ) ) ) 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) ) ) Product and distribution costs Cross-currency swaps ) Interest expense ) ) Interest income and other, net Dairy Product and distribution costs ) Interest income and other, net (1) 
 Foreign currency - other ) ) Licensed stores revenues ) ) Product and distribution costs Interest income and other, net (1) 
 Interest rates ) ) ) Interest expense ) Interest income and other, net Net Investment Hedges: Cross-currency swaps Interest expense Foreign currency debt ) ) 
 (1) As a result of the global COVID-19 impacts, we discontinued cash flow hedges during the year ended September 27, 2020. 
 ) Diesel fuel and other commodities Interest income and other, net ) ) Foreign currency - other Interest income and other, net ) Fair Value Hedges: Interest rate swap Interest expense ) Long-term debt (hedged item) Interest expense ) ) 
 Cross-currency swaps Dairy Diesel fuel and other commodities Foreign currency - other Interest rate swaps 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Cross-currency swaps Other long-term assets Dairy Prepaid expenses and other current assets Foreign currency - other Prepaid expenses and other current assets Other long-term assets Interest rate swap Other long-term assets Non-designated Derivative Instruments: Diesel fuel and other commodities Prepaid expenses and other current assets Foreign currency Prepaid expenses and other current assets Derivative Liabilities Balance Sheet Location Oct 3, 2021 Sep 27, 2020 Designated Derivative Instruments: Coffee Accrued liabilities Other long-term liabilities Cross-currency swaps Other long-term liabilities Dairy Accrued liabilities Foreign currency - other Accrued liabilities Other long-term liabilities Interest rates Other long-term liabilities Non-designated Derivative Instruments: Dairy Accrued liabilities Diesel fuel and other commodities Accrued liabilities Foreign currency Accrued liabilities 
 
 . 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Note 4: 
 Short-term investments: Available-for-sale debt securities Commercial paper Corporate debt securities Mortgage and other asset-backed securities Total available-for-sale debt securities Marketable equity securities Total short-term investments Prepaid expenses and other current assets: Derivative assets Long-term investments: Available-for-sale debt securities Auction rate securities Corporate debt securities Foreign government obligations Mortgage and other asset-backed securities State and local government obligations U.S. government treasury securities Total long-term investments Other long-term assets: Derivative assets Total assets Liabilities: Accrued liabilities: Derivative liabilities Other long-term liabilities: Derivative liabilities Total liabilities 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Short-term investments: Available-for-sale debt securities Certificates of deposit Commercial paper Corporate debt securities Foreign government obligations Mortgage and other asset-backed securities Total available-for-sale debt securities Marketable equity securities Total short-term investments Prepaid expenses and other current assets: Derivative assets Long-term investments: Available-for-sale debt securities Auction rate securities Corporate debt securities Mortgage and other asset-backed securities State and local government obligations U.S. government treasury securities Total long-term investments Other long-term assets: Derivative assets Total assets Liabilities: Accrued liabilities: Derivative liabilities Other long-term liabilities: Derivative liabilities Total 
 There were no material transfers between levels and there was no significant activity within Level 3 instruments during the periods presented. The fair values of any financial instruments presented above exclude the impact of netting assets and liabilities when a legally enforceable master netting agreement exists. 
 Available-for-sale Debt Securities 
 Long-term in vestments generally mature within years. Proceeds from sales of securities were million, million and million for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Realized gains and losses were not material for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019. Gross unrealized holding gains and losses were not material as of October 3, 2021 and September 27, 2020. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 million and million as of October 3, 2021 and September 27, 2020, respectively. The changes in net unrealized holding gains and losses in the marketable equity securities portfolio included in earnings for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 were not material. Gross unrealized holding gains and losses on marketable equity securities were not material as of October 3, 2021 and September 27, 2020. 
 Derivative Assets and Liabilities 
 Derivative assets and liabilities include foreign currency forward contracts, commodity futures contracts, collars and swaps, which are described further in Note 3 , Derivative Financial Instruments. 
 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 Assets and liabilities recognized or disclosed at fair value on a nonrecurring basis include items such as property, plant and equipment, goodwill and other intangible assets, equity and other investments and other assets. These assets are measured at fair value if determined to be impaired. Impairment of property, plant and equipment and ROU assets is included in Note 1 , Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 
 We have recognized impairments during fiscal 2021 and 2020 primarily related to our North America restructuring plan. See Note 1 , Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Note 10 , Leases and Note 8 , Other Intangible Assets and Goodwill for additional discussion of these impairments. 
 Fair Value of Other Financial Instruments 
 The estimated fair value of our long-term debt based on the quoted market price (Level 2) is included at Note 9 , Debt. 
 
 Note 5: Roasted Other merchandise held for sale Packaging and other supplies Total 
 million under fixed-price contracts and an estimated million under price-to-be-fixed contracts. A portion of our price-to-be-fixed contacts are effectively fixed through the use of futures. See Note 3 , Derivative Financial Instruments for further discussion. Price-to-be-fixed contracts are purchase commitments whereby the quality, quantity, delivery period and other negotiated terms are agreed upon, but the date, and therefore the price, at which the base C coffee commodity price component will be fixed has not yet been established. For most contracts, either Starbucks or the seller has the option to fix the base C coffee commodity price prior to the delivery date. For other contracts, Starbucks and the seller may agree upon pricing parameters determined by the base C coffee commodity price. Until prices are fixed, we estimate the total cost of these purchase commitments. We believe, based on relationships established with our suppliers in the past and continuous monitoring of the business environment, the risk of non-delivery on these purchase commitments is remote. 
 million of inventory that was expiring or expected to expire due to COVID-19 related store closures, primarily perishable food and beverage ingredients located at our stores, distribution centers and suppliers. This was included in product and distribution costs on our consolidated statement of earnings. We did not record significant write-offs related to COVID-19 during the fiscal year ended October 3, 2021. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Note 6: Other investments Total 
 ownership interest in Tata Starbucks Limited (India), which operates licensed Starbucks retail stores. Prior to its divestiture in September 2021, we had a ownership interest in Starbucks Coffee Korea Co., Ltd. Additional disclosure regarding changes in our equity method investments due to acquisition or divestiture is included in Note 2 , Acquisitions, Divestitures and Strategic Alliance. 
 We also license the rights to produce and distribute Starbucks-branded products to our owned joint venture, The North American Coffee Partnership with the Pepsi-Cola Company, which develops and distributes bottled Starbucks beverages, including Frappuccino coffee drinks, Starbucks Doubleshot espresso drinks, Starbucks Iced Espresso Classics and Starbucks Iced Coffee. 
 Our share of income and losses from our equity method investments is included in income from equity investees on our consolidated statements of earnings. Also included in this line item is our proportionate share of gross profit resulting from coffee and other product sales to, and royalty and license fee revenues generated from, equity investees. Revenues generated from these entities were million, million and million in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Related product and distribution costs were million, million and million in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. As of October 3, 2021 and September 27, 2020, there were million and million of accounts receivable from equity investees, respectively, on our consolidated balance sheets, primarily related to product sales and royalty revenues. 
 Additionally, we hold equity interests in other entities to support our corporate and investment strategies. The related financial statements activities were not material during the periods presented. 
 Other Investments 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Note 7: 
 Government subsidies receivable Other prepaid expenses and current assets Total prepaid expenses and current assets 
 Buildings Leasehold improvements Store equipment Roasting equipment Furniture, fixtures and other Work in progress Property, plant and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 Accrued dividends payable Accrued capital and other operating expenditures Self-insurance reserves Accrued business taxes Total accrued liabilities 
 Occupancy costs Other expenses Total store operating expenses 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Note 8: 
 
 ) ) Acquired trade secrets and processes ) ) Trade names, trademarks and patents ) ) Licensing agreements ) ) Other finite-lived intangible assets ) ) Total finite-lived intangible assets ) ) 
 Amortization expense for finite-lived intangible assets was million, million and million during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. During the fiscal year ended September 27, 2020, we recorded a charge of million to restructuring and impairments on our consolidated statement of earnings as the analysis indicated the carrying value of one of the assets exceeded its fair value. Our fiscal 2021 analysis indicated excess fair values over carrying values for these assets, and therefore no impairment charge was recorded. 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total estimated future amortization expense 
 Other (2) 
 ) Goodwill balance at September 27, 2020 Other (2) 
 Goodwill balance at October 3, 2021 
 (1) North America and International goodwill as of September 27, 2020 and September 29, 2019, was restated to conform with current period presentation. 
 (2) "Other" consists of changes in the goodwill balance resulting from foreign currency translation. 
 During the third quarter of fiscal 2021, we completed our annual goodwill impairment analysis. The results of our analysis indicated significant excess fair values over carrying values across the different reporting units, and therefore no goodwill impairment was recorded. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Note 9: 
 billion unsecured 5-year revolving credit facility (the "2018 credit facility") and our billion unsecured 364-Day credit facility (the "364-day credit facility") with a new billion unsecured 5-year revolving credit facility (the "2021 credit facility"). The 2021 credit facility is available for working capital, capital expenditures and other corporate purposes, including acquisitions and share repurchases. 
 The 2021 credit facility, of which million may be used for issuances of letters of credit, is currently set to mature on . We have the option, subject to negotiation and agreement with the related banks, to increase the maximum commitment amount by an additional billion. Borrowings under the credit facility will bear interest at a variable rate based on LIBOR, and, for U.S. dollar-denominated loans under certain circumstances, a Base Rate (as defined in the credit facility), in each case plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin is based on the Company s long-term credit ratings assigned by Moody s and Standard Poor s rating agencies. The 2021 credit facility contains alternative interest rate provisions specifying rate calculations to be used at such time LIBOR ceases to be available as a benchmark due to reference rate reform. The Base Rate of interest is the highest of (i) the Federal Funds Rate plus , (ii) Bank of America s prime rate, and (iii) the Eurocurrency Rate (as defined in the credit facility) plus . 
 The 2021 credit facility contains provisions requiring us to maintain compliance with certain covenants, including a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, which measures our ability to cover financing expenses. amounts were outstanding under our 2021 credit facility as of October 3, 2021. 
 Short-term Debt 
 Under our commercial paper program, we may issue unsecured commercial paper notes up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of billion, with individual maturities that may vary but not exceed days from the date of issue. Amounts outstanding under the commercial paper program are required to be backstopped by available commitments under our credit facility discussed above. The proceeds from borrowings under our commercial paper program may be used for working capital needs, capital expenditures and other corporate purposes, including, but not limited to, business expansion, payment of cash dividends on our common stock and share repurchases. As of October 3, 2021, we had borrowings outstanding under the program. 
 Additionally, we hold the following Japanese yen-denominated credit facilities that are available for working capital needs and capital expenditures within our Japanese market: 
 A billion, or million,facility is currently set to mature on . Borrowings under the credit facility are subject to terms defined within the facility and will bear interest at a variable rate based on TIBOR plus an applicable margin of . 
 A billion, or million, facility is currently set to mature on . Borrowings under the credit facility are subject to terms defined within the facility and will bear interest at a variable rate based on TIBOR plus . 
 As of October 3, 2021, we had borrowings outstanding under these credit facilities. For the year ended September 27, 2020, we had billion, or million, outstanding under these Japanese yen-denominated credit facilities. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

February 2021 notes (2) 
 February 2021 notes (2) 
 May 2022 notes June 2022 notes March 2023 notes October 2023 notes (3) 
 March 2024 notes (4) 
 August 2025 notes June 2026 notes March 2027 notes March 2028 notes November 2028 notes August 2029 notes March 2030 notes November 2030 notes June 2045 notes December 2047 notes November 2048 notes August 2049 notes March 2050 notes November 2050 notes Total Aggregate debt issuance costs and unamortized premium/(discount), net ) ) Hedge accounting fair value adjustment (3) 
 Total 
 (1) Includes the effects of the amortization of any premium or discount and any gain or loss upon settlement of related treasury locks or forward-starting interest rate swaps utilized to hedge the interest rate risk prior to the debt issuance. 
 (2) November 2020 and February 2021 notes were repaid in the first and second quarters of fiscal 2021, respectively. 
 (3) Amount includes the change in fair value due to changes in benchmark interest rates related to our October 2023 notes. Refer to Note 3 , Derivative Financial Instruments, for additional information on our interest rate swap designated as a fair value hedge. 
 (4) Japanese yen-denominated long-term debt. 

68 

Table of Contents 

 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total 
 
 Note 10: 
 million and million, respectively, which were recognized within restructuring and impairments on the consolidated statements of earnings. 
 Variable lease costs Short-term lease costs Total lease costs 
 (1) Includes immaterial amounts of sublease income and rent concessions. 
 Operating lease liabilities arising from obtaining ROU assets (1) 
 
 (1) Excludes the initial impact of adoption during the year ended September 27, 2020. 
 Oct 3, 2021 Sep 27, 2020 Weighted-average remaining operating lease term years years Weighted-average operating lease discount rate 
 Finance lease assets are recorded in property, plant and equipment, net with the corresponding lease liabilities included in accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. Finance leases were immaterial as of October 3, 2021 and September 27, 2020. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total 
 As of October 3, 2021, we have entered into operating leases that have not yet commenced of million, primarily related to real estate leases. These leases will commence between fiscal year 2022 and fiscal year 2028 with lease terms of years to years. 
 Previous Lease Guidance Disclosures 
 Contingent rent Total 
 
 We have subleases related to certain of our operating leases. We recognized million of sublease income during the fiscal year ended September 29, 2019. Additionally, as of September 29, 2019, the gross carrying value of assets related to build-to-suit lease arrangements accounted for as financing leases was million, with associated accumulated depreciation of million. Lease exit costs associated with our restructuring efforts primarily relate to the closure of Teavana retail stores and certain Starbucks company-operated stores, and are recognized concurrently with actual store closures. Total lease exit costs of million was recorded in restructuring and impairments on the consolidated statement of earnings in fiscal 2019. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Note 11: 
 billion was recorded as deferred revenue as we have continuing performance obligations to support the Global Coffee Alliance, including providing Nestl access to certain intellectual properties and products for future resale. The up-front payment is being recognized as other revenue on a straight-line basis over the estimated economic life of the arrangement of years for the ongoing access to the licenses within the contractual territories. Our obligations to maintain the Starbucks brand and other intellectual properties are generally constant throughout the term of the arrangement. Therefore, a ratable recognition pattern is reflective of how we will satisfy our performance obligations. 
 At October 3, 2021, the current and long-term deferred revenue related to the Nestl up-front payment was million and billion, respectively. At September 27, 2020, the current and long-term deferred revenue related to the Nestl up-front payment was million and billion, respectively. During the fiscal years ended October 3, 2021, September 27, 2020 and September 29, 2019, we recognized million, million and million of current deferred revenue, respectively, related to amortization of the up-front payment. 
 Revenue deferred - card activations, card reloads and Stars earned Revenue recognized - card and Stars redemptions and breakage ) Other (1) 
 Stored value cards and loyalty program at October 3, 2021 (2) 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 27, 2020 
 Total Stored value cards and loyalty program at September 29, 2019 
 Revenue deferred - card activations, card reloads and Stars earned Revenue recognized - card and Stars redemptions and breakage ) Other (1) 
 Stored value cards and loyalty program at September 27, 2020 (2) 
 
 (1) Other primarily consists of changes in the stored value cards and loyalty program balances resulting from foreign currency translation. 
 billion of this amount was current. As of September 27, 2020, approximately billion of this amount was current . 
 
 Note 12: 
 billion shares of authorized common stock with par value per share, we have authorized million shares of preferred stock, of which was outstanding at October 3, 2021. 
 In March 2019, we entered into ASR agreements with third-party financial institutions totaling billion, effective March 22, 2019. We made a billion up-front payment to the financial institutions and received an initial delivery of million shares. In , we received an additional million shares upon the completion of the program based on a volume-weighted average share price (less discount) of . 
 Outside of the ASR agreements noted above, we repurchased million shares of common stock for billion on the open market during the year ended September 29, 2019. In total, we repurchased million shares at a total cost of billion for the year ended September 29, 2019. 
 Our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to an additional million and million shares under our ongoing share repurchase program during the fiscal first quarter of 2019 and fiscal second quarter of 2020, respectively. In March 2020, we announced a temporary suspension of our share repurchase program until we restored certain financial leverage targets. We repurchased million shares of common stock for billion on the open market during the year ended September 27, 2020. As of September 27, 2020, million shares remained available for repurchase under current authorizations. Due to our business recovery and restoration of certain leverage metrics, we have resumed our share repurchase program in the first quarter of fiscal 2022. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 per share to be paid on November 26, 2021 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on November 12, 2021. 
 Comprehensive Income 
 Comprehensive income includes all changes in equity during the period, except those resulting from transactions with our shareholders. Comprehensive income is comprised of net earnings and other comprehensive income. Accumulated other comprehensive income reported on our consolidated balance sheets consists of foreign currency translation adjustments and other items and the unrealized gains and losses, net of applicable taxes, on available-for-sale debt securities and on derivative instruments designated and qualifying as cash flow and net investment hedges. 
 ) ) ) Net gains/(losses) recognized in OCI before reclassifications ) Net (gains)/losses reclassified from AOCI to earnings ) ) Other comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to Starbucks ) Net gains/(losses) in AOCI, end of period ) 
 (in millions) Available-for-Sale Securities Cash Flow Hedges Net Investment Hedges Translation Adjustment and Other Total September 27, 2020 Net gains/(losses) in AOCI, beginning of period ) ) ) Net gains/(losses) recognized in OCI before reclassifications ) Net (gains)/losses reclassified from AOCI to earnings ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to Starbucks ) Cumulative effect of accounting adoption ) Net gains/(losses) in AOCI, end of period ) ) ) 
 (in millions) Available-for-Sale Securities Cash Flow Hedges Net Investment Hedges Translation Adjustment and Other Total September 29, 2019 Net gains/(losses) in AOCI, beginning of period ) ) ) Net gains/(losses) recognized in OCI before reclassifications ) ) ) ) Net (gains)/losses reclassified from AOCI to earnings ) Other comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to Starbucks ) ) ) ) Net gains/(losses) in AOCI, end of period ) ) ) 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Interest income and other, net Gains/(losses) on cash flow hedges ) Please refer to Note 3 , Derivative Instruments for additional information. 
 Gains/(losses) on net investment hedges Interest expense Translation adjustment and other (1) 
 Korea ) Net gain resulting from divestiture of certain operations Thailand Net gain resulting from divestiture of certain operations ) ) Total before tax ) ) Tax (expense)/benefit ) ) Net of tax 
 (1) Release of cumulative translation adjustments and other activities to earnings upon sale or liquidation of foreign businesses. 
 
 Note 13: 
 million shares of common stock available for issuance pursuant to future equity-based compensation awards and million shares available for issuance under our ESPP. 
 Options Total stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings Total related tax benefit Total capitalized stock-based compensation included in net property, plant and equipment on the consolidated balance sheets 
 RSUs 
 We have both time-vested and performance-based RSUs. Time-vested RSUs are awarded to eligible employees and entitle the grantee to receive shares of common stock at the end of a vesting period, subject solely to the employee s continuing employment. The time-vested RSUs either vest in two or four equal annual installments beginning a year from the grant date. Our performance-based RSUs are awarded to eligible employees and entitle the grantee to receive shares of common stock if we achieve specified performance goals during the performance period and the grantee remains employed through the vesting period. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited/canceled ) Nonvested, October 3, 2021 
 As of October 3, 2021, total unrecogniz ed stock-based compensation expense related to nonvested RSUs, net of estimated forfeitures, was approximately million, before income taxes, and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. The total fair value of RSUs vested was million, million and million during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. For fiscal 2020 and 2019, the weighted average fair value per RSU granted was and , respectively. 
 Stock Option Plans 
 We may provide stock options as a form of employee compensation, which are primarily time-vested. The majority of time-vested options become exercisable in four equal installments beginning a year from the grant date and generally expire years from the grant date. Options granted to non-employee directors generally vest immediately or from grant. All outstanding stock options are non-qualified stock options. 
 Expected stock price volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected dividend yield Weighted average grant price Estimated fair value per option granted 
 The expected term of the options represents the estimated period of time until exercise and is based on historical experience of similar awards, giving consideration to the contractual terms, vesting schedules and expectations of future employee behavior. Expected stock price volatility is based on a combination of historical volatility of our stock and the one-year implied volatility of Starbucks traded options, for the related vesting periods. The risk-free interest rate is based on the implied yield available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with an equivalent remaining term. The dividend yield assumption is based on our anticipated cash dividend payouts. The amounts shown above for the estimated fair value per option granted are before the estimated effect of forfeitures, which reduce the amount of expense recorded in the consolidated statements of earnings. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Exercised ) Expired/forfeited Outstanding, October 3, 2021 Exercisable, October 3, 2021 Vested and expected to vest, October 3, 2021 
 The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above, which is the amount by which the market value of the underlying stock exceeded the exercise price of outstanding options, is before applicable income taxes and represents the amount optionees would have realized if all in-the-money options had been exercised on the last business day of the period indicated. 
 As of October 3, 2021, total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, related to nonvested options was approximately million, before income taxes, and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. The total intrinsic value of options exercised was million, million and million during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The total fair value of options vested was million, million and million during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 ESPP 
 Our ESPP allows eligible employees to contribute up to of their base earnings toward the quarterly purchase of our common stock, subject to an annual maximum dollar amount. The purchase price is of the fair market value of the stock on the last business day of the quarterly offering period. The number of shares issued under our ESPP was million in fiscal 2021. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 We have a Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors under which non-employee directors may, for any fiscal year, irrevocably elect to defer receipt of shares of common stock the director would have received upon vesting of restricted stock units. The number of deferred shares outstanding related to deferrals made under this plan is not material. 
 Defined Contribution Plans 
 We maintain voluntary defined contribution plans, both qualified and non-qualified, covering eligible employees as defined in the plan documents. Participating employees may elect to defer and contribute a portion of their eligible compensation to the plans up to limits stated in the plan documents, not to exceed the dollar amounts set by applicable laws. 
 Our matching contributions to all U.S. and non-U.S. plans were million, million and million in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 Note 14: 
 Foreign Total earnings before income taxes 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. state and local Foreign Total current taxes Deferred taxes: U.S. federal ) ) U.S. state and local ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total deferred taxes ) ) ) Total income tax expense 
 State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit Foreign rate differential ) ) Change in tax rates ) ) Excess tax benefits of stock-based compensation ) ) ) Foreign derived intangible income ) ) ) Charitable contributions ) ) Valuation allowances Residual tax on foreign earnings Tax impacts related to sale of certain operations ) Other, net ) Effective tax rate 
 As of October 3, 2021, in certain foreign subsidiaries in which we are partially indefinitely reinvested, the gross taxable temporary difference between the accounting basis and tax basis was approximately billion f or which there could be up to approximately million o f unrecognized tax liability. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Stored value card liability and deferred revenue Intangible assets and goodwill Other Total Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax asset, net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Operating lease, right-of-use assets ) ) Property, plant and equipment ) ) Other ) ) Total ) ) Net deferred tax asset (liability) Reported as: Deferred income tax assets Deferred income tax liabilities (included in Other long-term liabilities) ) ) Net deferred tax asset (liability) 
 The valuation allowances as of October 3, 2021 and September 27, 2020 were primarily related to net operating losses and other deferred tax assets of consolidated foreign subsidiaries. 
 As of October 3, 2021, we had federal net operating loss carryforwards of million which have an indefinite carryforward period, state net operating loss carryforwards of million which will begin to expire in fiscal 2024 , federal tax credit carryforwards of million which will begin to expire in fiscal 2030, state tax credit carryforwards of million which will begin to expire in fiscal 2024 and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of million, of which million have an indefinite carryforward period and the remainder expire at various dates starting from fiscal 2022. 
 Uncertain Tax Positions 
 As of October 3, 2021, we had million of gross unrecognized tax benefits of which million, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate. We recognized a benefit of million, an expense of million and a benefit of million of interest and penalties in income tax expense, prior to the benefit of the federal tax deduction, for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. As of October 3, 2021 and September 27, 2020, we had accrued interest and penalties of million and million, respectively, within our consolidated balance sheets. 
 Increase related to prior year tax positions Decrease related to prior year tax positions ) ) ) Increase related to current year tax positions Decreases related to settlements with taxing authorities ) ) Decrease related to lapsing of statute of limitations ) ) ) Ending balance 
 We are currently under examination, or may be subject to examination, by various U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax jurisdictions for fiscal 2014 through 2020 . We are no longer subject to U.S. federal examination for years prior to fiscal 2018, U.S. state and local examinations for years prior to fiscal 2014 or examination in any material international markets prior to 2015. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

Note 15: 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding (for basic calculation) Dilutive effect of outstanding common stock options and RSUs Weighted average common and common equivalent shares outstanding (for diluted calculation) EPS basic EPS diluted 
 Potential dilutive shares consist of the incremental common shares issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options (both vested and non-vested) and unvested RSUs, calculated using the treasury stock method. The calculation of dilutive shares outstanding would exclude out-of-the-money stock options (i.e., such options exercise prices were greater than the average market price of our common shares for the period) because their inclusion would be antidilutive. As of October 3, 2021, September 27, 2020 and September 29, 2019, we had out-of-the-money stock options. 
 
 Note 16: 
 78 

Table of Contents 

Note 17: 
 
 We have three reportable operating segments: 1) North America, which is inclusive of the U.S. and Canada; 2) International, which is inclusive of China, Japan, Asia Pacific, Europe, Middle East and Africa, Latin America and the Caribbean; and 3) Channel Development. 
 Our North America segment is our most mature business and has achieved significant scale. 
 
 Food (2) 
 Other (3) 
 Total 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 China Other countries Total Long-lived assets: United States China Other countries Total 
 . Revenues are shown based on the geographic location of our customers. Revenues from countries other than the U.S. and China consist primarily of revenues from Japan, Canada and the U.K., which together account for approximately of net revenues from other countries for fiscal 2021. 
 Management evaluates the performance of its operating segments based on net revenues and operating income. The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as those described in Note 1 , Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 Depreciation and amortization expenses Income from equity investees Operating income/(loss) ) Total assets Fiscal 2020 Total net revenues (1) 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses Income from equity investees Operating income/(loss) (1) 
 ) Total assets Fiscal 2019 Total net revenues (1) 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses Income from equity investees Operating income/(loss) (1) 
 ) Total assets 
 (1) . 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Starbucks Corporation 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Starbucks Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company as of October 3, 2021 and September 27, 2020, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended October 3, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of October 3, 2021 and September 27, 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 3, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of October 3, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated November 19, 2021, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the Audit and Compliance Committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Income Taxes Indefinite Reinvestment of Foreign Earnings - Refer to Note 14 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 Under the provisions of ASC 740, Income Taxes, ASC 740 ), there is a presumption that investments in foreign subsidiaries will be recovered upon sale or through a partial or complete distribution of earnings to the parent entity, and therefore subject the parent entity to additional taxes. If sufficient evidence shows the foreign subsidiary has invested or will invest the undistributed earnings indefinitely, the ASC 740 presumption may be overcome, and no additional taxes shall be accrued. The Company has investments in the profitable operations of certain foreign subsidiaries that may be subject to additional foreign withholding taxes and/or U.S. federal and state income taxes upon sale or a partial or complete distribution of earnings, incremental to local income taxes already paid. As of October 3, 2021, the Company is partially indefinitely reinvested in certain foreign subsidiaries. The Company has recorded a deferred tax liability of 83 million related to the taxable temporary difference for which it is not indefinitely reinvested. For the remaining 1.8 billion of taxable temporary difference, there could be up to approximately 290 million of unrecognized tax liability. 
 The Company s assertion of partial indefinite reinvestment for certain foreign subsidiaries requires management to make long-term forecasting assumptions and detailed plans for reinvestment. The most significant assumption supporting the Company s indefinite reinvestment assertion is the forecast of capital expenditures in international markets. Performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s indefinite reinvestment analysis and capital expenditures forecast required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our income tax specialists. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 How the Critical Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our principal audit procedures related to management s indefinite reinvestment analysis and the supporting forecast of capital expenditures for certain foreign subsidiaries, included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls related to management s forecast of capital expenditures. 
 We performed a retrospective review of management s historical ability to accurately forecast capital expenditures by comparing actual results to management s historical forecast. 
 We inquired of senior executives of the Company to corroborate strategic plans for growth. 
 We compared the forecasts obtained to support the indefinite reinvestment assertion to: 
 Historical capital expenditures, including costs per new store opening; 
 Historical new store growth; and 
 Historical profitability of new stores by region; and 
 Forecasts used by the Company for financial reporting purposes in other areas, such as the evaluation of the recoverability of goodwill; and 
 Internal communications to management and the Board of Directors; and 
 Forecasted information included in the Company s press releases, other external communications and analyst reports; and 
 External publications of expected industry growth. 
 With the assistance of our tax specialists, we evaluated the appropriateness of management s analysis under ASC 740 and the sufficiency of the evidence provided by management to support that the Company has the intent and ability to partially indefinitely reinvest the undistributed earnings. 
 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 Seattle, Washington 
 November 19, 2021 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 1987. 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that material information required to be disclosed in our periodic reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Our disclosure controls and procedures are also designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective, as of the end of the period covered by this report (October 3, 2021). 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect internal control over financial reporting. 
 The certifications required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 are filed as exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 , respectively, to this 10-K. 
 Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Internal control over financial reporting includes maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures are made in accordance with management authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of company assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements would be prevented or detected. 
 Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework , issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. This evaluation included review of the documentation of controls, evaluation of the design effectiveness of controls, testing of the operating effectiveness of controls and a conclusion on this evaluation. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of October 3, 2021. 
 Our internal control over financial reporting as of October 3, 2021 has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included herein. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Starbucks Corporation 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Starbucks Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company as of October 3, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of October 3, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended October 3, 2021, of the Company and our report dated November 19, 2021, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 Seattle, Washington 
 November 19, 2021 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Information regarding our executive officers is set forth in Item 1 of Part I of this Report under the caption Information about our Executive Officers. 
 We adopted a code of ethics that applies to our chief executive officer, chief financial officer, controller and other finance leaders, which is a code of ethics as defined by applicable rules of the SEC. This code is publicly available on our website at www.starbucks.com/about-us/company-information/corporate-governance. If we make any amendments to this code other than technical, administrative or other non-substantive amendments, or grant any waivers, including implicit waivers, from a provision of this code to our chief executive officer, chief operating officer, chief financial officer, chief accounting officer or controller, we will disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver, its effective date and to whom it applies on our website at www.starbucks.com/about-us/company-information/corporate-governance or in a report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC. 
 The remaining information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the sections entitled Proposal 1 - Election of Directors, Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock, Corporate Governance and Corporate Governance - Audit and Compliance Committee in our definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on March 16, 2022 (the Proxy Statement ). 
 We will provide disclosure of delinquent Section 16(a) reports, if any, in our Proxy Statement, and such disclosure, if any, is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled Executive Compensation, Executive Compensation Tables, Compensation of Directors and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation in the Proxy Statement. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled Equity Compensation Plan Information and Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock in the Proxy Statement. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the section entitled Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions and Corporate Governance - Affirmative Determinations Regarding Director Independence and Other Matters in the Proxy Statement. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled Proposal 4 - Ratification of Selection of Deloitte Touche LLP as our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees and Proposal 4 - Ratification of Selection of Deloitte Touche LLP as our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the Proxy Statement. 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) The following documents are filed as a part of this 10-K: 
 
 1. Financial Statements 
 The following financial statements are included in Part II, Item 8 of this 10-K: 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the fiscal years ended October 3, 2021, September 27, 2020, and September 29, 2019; 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended October 3, 2021, September 27, 2020, and September 29, 2019; 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 3, 2021 and September 27, 2020; 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended October 3, 2021, September 27, 2020, and September 29, 2019; 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the fiscal years ended October 3, 2021, September 27, 2020, and September 29, 2019; 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements; and 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 Financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not required or are not applicable, or the required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements or notes described in Item 15(a)(1) above. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 3. Exhibits 

Incorporated by Reference 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Exhibit Description Form File No. Date of Filing Exhibit 
 Number 
 Filed 
 Herewith 
 2.1 
 Transaction Agreement, dated as of May 6, 2018, by and between Starbucks Corporation and Nestl S.A. 
 8-K 0-20322 5/7/2018 2.1 3.1 
 Restated Articles of Incorporation of Starbucks Corporation 
 10-Q 0-20322 4/28/2015 3.1 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Starbucks Corporation (As amended and restated through Mar ch 17 , 20 2 1 
 8-K 0-20322 3/19/2021 3.1 4.1 
 Indenture, dated as of September 15, 2016, by and between Starbucks Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee 
 S-3ASR 333-213645 
 
 9/15/2016 
 
 4.1 4.2 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated March 17, 2017, by and between Starbucks Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, transfer agent and registrar, and Elavon Financial Services, DAC, UK Branch, as paying agent (0.372 Senior Notes due 2024) 
 8-K 0-20322 3/20/2017 4.2 4.3 
 Form of 0.372 Senior Note due March 15, 2024 
 8-K 0-20322 3/20/2017 4.3 4.4 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 22, 2017, by and between Starbucks Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (2.200 Senior Notes due 2020 and 3.750 Senior Notes due 2047) 
 8-K 0-20322 11/22/2017 4.2 4.5 
 Form of 3.750 Senior Notes due December 1, 2047 (included in Exhibit 4.2) 
 8-K 0-20322 11/22/2017 4.4 4.6 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 28, 2018, by and between Starbucks Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (3.100 Senior Notes due 2023 and 3.500 Senior Notes due 2028) 
 8-K 0-20322 2/28/2018 4.2 4.7 
 Form of 3.100 Senior Notes due March 1, 2023 
 8-K 0-20322 2/28/2018 4.3 4.8 
 Form of 3.500 Senior Notes due March 1, 2028 
 8-K 0-20322 2/28/2018 4.4 4.9 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 10, 2018, by and between Starbucks Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (3.800 Senior Notes due 2025, 4.000 Senior Notes due 2028 and 4.500 Senior Notes due 2048) 
 8-K 0-20322 8/10/2018 4.2 4.10 
 Form of 3.800 Senior Notes due August 15, 2025 
 8-K 0-20322 8/10/2018 4.3 4.11 
 Form of 4.000 Senior Notes due November 15, 2028 
 8-K 0-20322 8/10/2018 4.4 
 88 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Exhibit Description Form File No. Date of Filing Exhibit 
 Number 
 Filed 
 Herewith 
 4.12 
 Form of 4.500 Senior Notes due November 15, 2048 
 8-K 4.13 
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 13, 2019, by and between Starbucks Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (3.550 Senior Notes due 2029 and 4.450 Senior Notes due 2049) 
 8-K 0-20322 5/13/2019 4.2 4.14 
 Form of 3.550 Senior Notes due August 15, 2029 (included in Exhibit 4.2) 
 8-K 0-20322 5/13/2019 4.3 4.15 
 Form of 4.450 Senior Notes due August 15, 2049 (included in Exhibit 4.2) 
 8-K 0-20322 5/13/2019 4.4 4.16 
 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 12, 2020, by and between Starbucks Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (2.000 Senior Notes due 2027, 2.250 Senior Notes due 2030 and 3.350 Senior Notes due 2050) 
 8-K 0-20322 3/12/2020 4.2 4.17 
 Form of 2.000 Senior Notes due March 12, 2027 (included in Exhibit 4.2) 
 8-K 0-20322 3/12/2020 4.3 4.18 
 Form of 2.250 Senior Notes due March 12, 2030 (included in Exhibit 4.2) 
 8-K 0-20322 3/12/2020 4.4 4.19 
 Form of 3.350 Senior Notes due March 12, 2050 (included in Exhibit 4.2) 
 8-K 0-20322 3/12/2020 4.5 4.20 
 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 7, 2020, by and between Starbucks Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (1.300 Senior Notes due 2022, 2.550 Senior Notes due 2030 and 3.500 Senior Notes due 2050) 
 8-K 0-20322 5/7/2020 4.2 4.21 
 Form of 1.300 Senior Notes due May 7, 2022 (included in Exhibit 4.2) 
 8-K 0-20322 5/7/2020 4.3 4.22 
 Form of 2.550 Senior Notes due November 15, 2030 (included in Exhibit 4.2) 
 8-K 0-20322 5/7/2020 4.4 4.23 
 Form of 3.500 Senior Notes due November 15, 2050 (included in Exhibit 4.2) 
 8-K 0-20322 5/7/2020 4.5 4.24 
 Indenture, dated as of August 23, 2007, by and between Starbucks Corporation and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee 
 
 S-3ASR 333-190955 9/3/2013 4.1 
 89 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Exhibit Description Form File No. Date of Filing Exhibit 
 Number 
 Filed 
 Herewith 
 4.25 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 6, 2013, by and between Starbucks Corporation and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee (3.850 Senior Notes due October 1, 2023) 
 8-K 0-20322 9/6/2013 4.2 4.26 
 Form of 3.850 Senior Notes due October 1, 2023 
 8-K 0-20322 9/6/2013 4.3 4.27 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 10, 2015, by and between Starbucks Corporation and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee (2.700 Senior Notes due June 15, 2022 and 4.300 Senior Notes due June 15, 2045) 
 8-K 0-20322 6/10/2015 4.2 4.28 
 Form of 2.700 Senior Notes due June 15, 2022 
 8-K 0-20322 6/10/2015 4.3 4.29 
 Form of 4.300 Senior Notes due June 15, 2045 
 8-K 0-20322 6/10/2015 4.4 4.30 
 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 16, 2016, by and between Starbucks Corporation and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee (2.450 Senior Notes due June 15, 2026) 
 8-K 0-20322 5/16/2016 4.4 4.31 
 Form of 2.450 Senior Notes due June 15, 2026 
 8-K 0-20322 5/16/2016 4.5 4.32 
 Description of Securities 
 10-K 0-20322 11/15/2019 4.29 10.1 
 Starbucks Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan 1995 as amended and restated on April 9, 2015 to reflect adjustments for the 2-for-1 forward stock split effective on such date 
 10-Q 0-20322 8/1/2017 10.1 10.2 
 Starbucks Corporation Executive Management Bonus Plan, as amended and restated on June 25, 2019 
 10-Q 0-20322 7/30/2019 10.1 10.3 
 Starbucks Corporation Management Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2011 
 10-Q 0-20322 2/4/2011 10.2 10.4 
 Fifth Amendment to Starbucks Corporation Management Deferred Compensation Plan 
 10-Q 10.5 
 Starbucks Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, effective October 3, 2011, as amended and restated effective September 11, 2018 
 10-K 0-20322 11/16/2018 10.5 10.6 
 Starbucks Corporation 2005 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective March 20, 2013, as restated on April 9, 2015 to reflect adjustments for the 2-for-1 forward stock split effective on such date, and as amended and restated by the Board on September 11, 2018 
 10-K 0-20322 11/16/2018 10.7 
 
 90 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Exhibit Description Form File No. Date of Filing Exhibit 
 Number 
 Filed 
 Herewith 
 10.7 
 2005 Key Employee Sub-Plan to the Starbucks Corporation 2005 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective November 15, 2005 
 10-Q 
 
 0-20322 2/10/2006 10.2 10.8 
 2005 Non-Employee Director Sub-Plan to the Starbucks Corporation 2005 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective September 11, 2018 
 10-K 0-20322 11/16/2018 10.9 10.9 
 Form of Global Stock Option Grant Agreement for Purchase of Stock under the Key Employee Sub-Plan to the 2005 Long Term Equity Incentive Plan 
 10-K 0-20322 11/18/2016 10.14 10.10 
 Form of Stock Option Grant Agreement for Purchase of Stock under the 2005 Non-Employee Director Sub-Plan to the Starbucks Corporation 2005 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan 
 10-Q 0-20322 4/26/2016 10.2 10.11 
 Credit Agreement, dated September 16, 2021, among Starbucks Corporation, Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., Citibank, N.A. and U.S. Bank National Association, as L/C Issuers, and the other Lenders from time to time a party thereto. 
 8-K 0-20322 9/17/2021 10.1 10.12 
 Form of Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement between Starbucks Corporation, as Issuer, and the Dealer 
 8-K 0-20322 7/29/2016 10.1 10.13 
 Form of Time Vested Global Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement under the Key Employee Sub-Plan to the 2005 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan 
 10-K 0-20322 11/18/2016 10.21 10.14 
 Form of Global Key Employee Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement (Effective November 2019) 
 10-K 0-20322 11/15/2019 10.22 10.15 
 Form of Global Key Employee Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement - No Retirement Vesting (Effective November 2020) 
 10-K 0-20322 11/12/2020 10.23 10.16 
 Form of Global Key Employee Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement - Retirement Vesting (Effective November 2020) 
 10-K 0-20322 11/12/2020 10.24 10.17 
 Form of Global Key Employee Stock Option Grant Agreement for Purchase of Stock under the 2005 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan 
 10-K 0-20322 11/17/2017 10.25 10.18 
 Form of Global Key Employee Performance-Based Stock Option Grant Agreement for Purchase of Stock under the 2005 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan 
 10-K 0-20322 11/16/2018 10.23 
 
 91 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Exhibit Description Form File No. Date of Filing Exhibit 
 Number 
 Filed 
 Herewith 
 10.19 
 Form of Global Key Employee Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement (Performance-Based - Retirement Vesting) (Effective November 2019) 
 10-K 0-20322 11/15/2019 10.26 10.20 
 Form of Global Key Employee Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement (Performance-Based - Retirement Vesting) (Effective November 2020) 
 10-K 0-20322 11/12/2020 10.29 10.21 
 Offer Letter dated January 6, 2021 between Starbucks Corporation and Rachel Ruggeri 
 8-K 0-20322 1/7/2021 10.1 21 
 Subsidiaries of Starbucks Corporation 
 X 23 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 X 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 32 
 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101 The following financial statements from the Company s 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 3, 2021, formatted in iXBRL: (i) Consolidated Statements of Earnings, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) Consolidated Statements of Equity, and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in iXBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Denotes a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Furnished herewith. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. STARBUCKS CORPORATION By: /s/ Kevin R. Johnson Kevin R. Johnson 
 president and chief executive officer 
 
 November 19, 2021 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated as of November 19, 2021. 
 Signature Title By: /s/ Kevin R. Johnson president and chief executive officer, director 
 (principal executive officer) 
 Kevin R. Johnson By: /s/ Rachel Ruggeri executive vice president, chief financial officer 
 (principal financial officer) 
 Rachel Ruggeri By: /s/ Jill L. Walker senior vice president, Corporate Financial Services, and chief accounting officer (principal accounting officer) Jill L. Walker By: /s/ Richard E. Allison, Jr. director Richard E. Allison, Jr. By: /s/ Andrew Campion director Andrew Campion By: /s/ Mary N. Dillon director Mary N. Dillon By: /s/ Isabel Ge Mahe director Isabel Ge Mahe By: /s/ Mellody Hobson director Mellody Hobson By: /s/ J rgen Vig Knudstorp director J rgen Vig Knudstorp 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 By: /s/ Satya Nadella director Satya Nadella By: /s/ Joshua Cooper Ramo director Joshua Cooper Ramo By: /s/ Clara Shih director Clara Shih By: /s/ Javier G. Teruel director Javier G. Teruel 
 
 94 

<EX-21>
 2
 sbux-1032021xexhibit21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF STARBUCKS CORPORATION 
 The list below excludes certain subsidiaries which, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, would not constitute a significant subsidiary under SEC rules as of October 3, 2021. Entity Name Organized Under the Laws of AmRest Coffee s.r.o. Czech Republic AmRest Coffee Sp. z o. o. Poland AmRest Kavezo Kft. Hungary Association Centro de Assessoria e Suporte da Starbucks Brazil Brazil Bay Bread LLC Delaware Beijing Starbucks Coffee Co., Ltd. China Centro de Apoyo al Productor de Starbucks Guatemala, Limitada Guatemala Chengdu Starbucks Coffee Company Limited China CHH Cafe LLC Texas CHH Holdings of Texas LLC Texas Coffee Concepts (Southern China) Limited Hong Kong Coffee House Holdings, Inc. Washington Conifer Ventures Limited United Kingdom Corporacion Starbucks Farmer Support Center Colombia Colombia Emerald City C.V. Netherlands Evolution Fresh, Inc. Delaware Farmer Support Center, Asociacion Civil Mexico Guangdong Starbucks Coffee Company Limited China High Grown Investment Group (Hong Kong) Ltd. Hong Kong Holding Company International Limited United Kingdom Hubei Starbucks Coffee Company Limited China Koffee Sirena LLC Russia North American Coffee Partnership New York Olympic Casualty Insurance Company Vermont Princi Global Limited United Kingdom Qingdao American Starbucks Coffee Company Limited China SBI Nevada, Inc. Nevada SCC Innoventure L.P. 
 China SCI Europe I, LLC Washington SCI Europe II, LLC Washington SCI Investment, Inc. Washington Seastar Colombia Supply Company S.A.S. Colombia Seattle Coffee Company Georgia Seattle s Best Coffee LLC Washington Shanghai Starbucks Coffee Enterprise Co., Ltd. China Shaya Coffee Limited Cyprus Siren Retail Corporation Washington SR Holdings Corporation Washington SR2 Holdings Corporation Washington Starbucks (China) Company Limited China Starbucks (Kunshan) Coffee Co., Ltd. China Starbucks (Shanghai) Coffee Company Limited China Starbucks (Shanghai) Supply Chain Co., Ltd. China Starbucks (Shanghai) Trade Company Limited China 
 Page 1 of 2 

Starbucks AINI Coffee (Yunnan) Company Limited China Starbucks Asia Pacific Investment Holding II Limited Hong Kong Starbucks Asia Pacific Investment Holding III Limited Hong Kong Starbucks Asia Pacific Investment Holding Limited Hong Kong Starbucks Capital Asset Leasing Company, LLC Delaware Starbucks Card Europe Limited United Kingdom Starbucks Coffee (Cayman) Holdings Ltd. Cayman Islands Starbucks Coffee (Dalian) Company Limited China Starbucks Coffee (Liaoning) Company Limited China Starbucks Coffee (Shenzhen) Company Limited China Starbucks Coffee Agronomy Company S.R.L. Costa Rica Starbucks Coffee Asia Pacific Limited Hong Kong Starbucks Coffee Austria GmbH Austria Starbucks Coffee Canada, Inc. Canada Starbucks Coffee Company (Australia) Pty Ltd Australia Starbucks Coffee Company (UK) Limited United Kingdom Starbucks Coffee Development (Yunnan) Company Limited China Starbucks Coffee EMEA B.V. Netherlands Starbucks Coffee Holdings (UK) Limited United Kingdom Starbucks Coffee International, Inc. Washington Starbucks Coffee Japan, Ltd. Japan Starbucks Coffee Switzerland GmbH Switzerland Starbucks Coffee Trading Company Sarl Switzerland Starbucks EMEA Holdings Ltd United Kingdom Starbucks EMEA Investment Ltd United Kingdom Starbucks EMEA Ltd United Kingdom Starbucks Farmer Support Center Rwanda Ltd Rwanda Starbucks Farmer Support Center Tanzania Limited Tanzania Starbucks Holding Company Washington Starbucks Holding Company Pte. Ltd. Singapore Starbucks International (Holdings) Ltd United Kingdom Starbucks Italy S.r.l. Italy Starbucks Manufacturing Corporation Washington Starbucks Manufacturing EMEA B.V. Netherlands Starbucks New Venture Company Washington Starbucks Singapore Investment Pte. Ltd. Singapore Starbucks Switzerland Austria Holdings B.V. Netherlands Starbucks Trading, G.K. Japan Tata Starbucks Private Limited India Teavana Puerto Rico, LLC Delaware The New French Bakery, Inc. California Torrefazione Italia LLC Washington Xi an Starbucks Coffee Company Limited China Xingran (Shanghai) Investment Partnership 
 China 

Page 2 of 2 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 sbux-1032021xexhibit23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

EXHIBIT 23 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 33-52526, 33-52528, 33-92208, 33-92184, 333-65181, 333-94987, 333-37442, 333-70648, 333-101806, 333-114090, 333-123688, 333-142878, 333-167572, 333-174995 and 333-191512 on Form S-8 and Registration Statement No. 333-233771 on Form S-3 of our reports dated November 19, 2021, relating to the financial statements of Starbucks Corporation, and the effectiveness of Starbucks Corporation's internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Starbucks Corporation for the year ended October 3, 2021. 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 Seattle, Washington 
 November 19, 2021 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 sbux-1032021xexhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Kevin R. Johnson, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 3, 2021 of Starbucks Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 19, 2021 
 s Kevin R. Johnson Kevin R. Johnson president and chief executive officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 sbux-1032021xexhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Rachel Ruggeri, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 3, 2021 of Starbucks Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 19, 2021 
 s Rachel Ruggeri Rachel Ruggeri executive vice president, chief financial officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 sbux-1032021xexhibit32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Starbucks Corporation Starbucks on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 3, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 19, 2021 (the Report ), Kevin R. Johnson, president and chief executive officer of Starbucks, and Rachel Ruggeri, executive vice president, chief financial officer of Starbucks, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his or her knowledge 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Starbucks. 
 
 November 19, 2021 
 s Kevin R. Johnson Kevin R. Johnson president and chief executive officer 
 
 November 19, 2021 
 s Rachel Ruggeri Rachel Ruggeri executive vice president, chief financial officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 sbux-20211003.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 sbux-20211003_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 sbux-20211003_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 sbux-20211003_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 sbux-20211003_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

