<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211124_10-K_edgar_data_1176309_0001213900-21-062009.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7197770</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>379367</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1298079</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1956471</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1738933</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1587956</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-21-062009.hdr.sgml : 20211124
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211124171558
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-21-062009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211124
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211124

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001176309
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				980376008
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35813
		FILM NUMBER:		211448011

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1185 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS, 3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-844-1164

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1185 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS, 3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Integrated Security Technologies, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040614

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	IGUANA VENTURES LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020625

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-21-062009.txt : 20211124

10-K
 1
 f10k2021_oramedpharma.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Fiscal Year Ended 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission file number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

844-967-2633 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading symbol Name of each exchange on which registered The Capital Market, Tel Aviv Stock Exchange 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None. 

(Title of class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant:
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Date File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
common equity held by non-affiliates as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter
was , based on a price of 8.91, being the last price at which the shares of the registrant s common stock were sold
on The Nasdaq Capital Market prior to the end of the most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each
of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: shares of common stock issued and outstanding
as of November 24, 2021. 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 

FORM 10-K 

(FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED AUGUST 31, 2021) 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 1 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 11 

ITEM IB. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 20 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 20 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 20 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 20 

PART II 
 21 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 21 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 21 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 21 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 26 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 27 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 27 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 27 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 28 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 28 

PART III 
 29 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 29 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 33 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 43 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 44 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 45 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 46 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 51 

i 

As used in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K, the terms we, us, our, the Company, and Oramed mean
Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. and our wholly-owned subsidiaries, Oramed Ltd. an Israeli corporation, and Oramed HK Limited, a Hong Kong
corporation, unless otherwise indicated. All dollar amounts refer to U.S. dollars unless otherwise indicated. 

On August 31, 2021, the exchange
rate between the New Israeli Shekel, or NIS, and the dollar, as quoted by the Bank of Israel, was NIS 3.207 to 1.00. Unless indicated
otherwise by the context, statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that provide the dollar equivalent of NIS amounts or provide the
NIS equivalent of dollar amounts are based on such exchange rate. 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

The statements contained
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other federal securities laws. Words such as expects, anticipates, 
 intends, plans, planned expenditures, believes, seeks, estimates 
and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not deemed to represent
an all-inclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements as denoted in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additionally, statements
concerning future matters are forward-looking statements. We remind readers that forward-looking statements are merely predictions and
therefore inherently subject to uncertainties and other factors and involve known and unknown risks that could cause the actual results,
performance, levels of activity, or our achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from any future results, performance,
levels of activity, or our achievements, or industry results, expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements appear in Item 1 - Business and Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations, as well as elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and include, among other statements,
statements regarding the following: 

the expected development and potential benefits from our products in treating diabetes; 

the prospects of entering into additional license agreements, or other partnerships or forms of cooperation with other companies or medical institutions; 

future milestones, conditions and royalties under the license agreement with Hefei Tianhui Incubator of Technologies Co., Ltd., or HTIT; 

expected timing of a clinical
study for the potential Oravax Medical Inc., or Oravax, vaccine and its potential to protect against the coronavirus, or COVID-19, pandemic; 

our consideration of ways
in which our shareholders could benefit more directly from Oravax, including the potential issuance of some of our shares in Oravax to
our shareholders as a dividend; 

our research and development plans, including pre-clinical and clinical trials plans and the timing of enrollment, obtaining results and conclusion of trials, including without limitation, our expectation that we will initiate two six-month Phase III clinical trials, and our expectation to file a Biologics License Application, or BLA, thereafter; 

our belief that our technology has the potential to deliver medications and vaccines orally that today can only be delivered via injection; 

the competitive ability of our technology based product efficacy, safety, patient convenience, reliability, value and patent position; 

the potential market demand for our products; 

ii 

our expectation that in the upcoming year our research and development expenses will continue to be our major expenditure; 

our expectations regarding our short- and long-term capital requirements; 

our outlook for the coming months and future periods, including but not limited to our expectations regarding future revenue and expenses; 

information with respect to any other plans and strategies for our business; and 

our expectations regarding the impact of the coronavirus, or COVID-19, pandemic, including on our clinical trials and operations. 

Although forward-looking
statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can only be based on
facts and factors known by us at the time of such statements. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks
and uncertainties and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the
forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include, without limitation,
those discussed herein, including those risks described in Item 1A. Risk Factors , and expressed from time to time in our
other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. In addition, historic results of scientific research, clinical and
preclinical trials do not guarantee that the conclusions of future research or trials would not suggest different conclusions. Also, historic
results referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K could be interpreted differently in light of additional research, clinical and
preclinical trials results. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of
the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking
statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Readers are
urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made throughout the entirety of this Annual Report on Form 10-K which attempt
to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

iii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 

DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

Research and Development 

We are a pharmaceutical company
currently engaged in the research and development of innovative pharmaceutical solutions, including an oral insulin capsule to be used
for the treatment of individuals with diabetes, and the use of orally ingestible capsules or pills for delivery of other polypeptides.
We utilize Clinical Research Organizations, or CROs, to conduct our clinical studies. 

Through our research and development
efforts, we have successfully developed an oral dosage form intended to withstand the harsh environment of the stomach and intestines
and effectively deliver active insulin or other proteins, such as Glucagon-like peptide-1, or GLP-1, leptin, and others. The excipients
in the formulation are not intended to modify the proteins chemically or biologically, and the dosage form is designed to be safe to ingest.
We plan to continue to conduct clinical trials to show the effectiveness of our technology. 

Oral insulin :
Our proprietary flagship product, an orally ingestible insulin capsule, or ORMD-0801, allows insulin to travel from the gastrointestinal
tract via the portal vein to the bloodstream, revolutionizing the manner in which insulin is delivered. It enables the passage in a more
physiological manner than current delivery methods of insulin. 

FDA Guidance: In August
2017, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, instructed us that the regulatory pathway for the submission of ORMD-0801 would be
a BLA. If approved the BLA pathway would grant us 12 years of marketing exclusivity for ORMD-0801, from the approval date, and an additional
six months of exclusivity may be granted to us if the product also receives approval for use in pediatric patients. 

Phase IIb Study: In
May 2018, we initiated a three-month dose-ranging Phase IIb clinical trial of ORMD-0801 (Cohort A). This placebo controlled, randomized,
90-day treatment clinical trial was conducted on 269 type 2 diabetic, or T2D, patients in multiple centers throughout the United States
pursuant to an Investigational New Drug application, or IND, with the FDA. The primary endpoints of the trial were to assess the safety
and evaluate the effect of ORMD-0801 on HbA1c levels over a 90-day treatment period. Secondary endpoints of the trial included measurements
of fasting plasma glucose, or FPG, post-prandial glucose, or PPG levels, during a mixed-meal tolerance test, or MMTT, and weight. In
May 2019, we initiated an extension of this protocol for approximately 75 T2D patients, who were dosed using a lower dosage of insulin
(Cohort B). 

Cohort A :
In November 2019, we announced positive results from the initial cohort of the Phase IIb trial. Patients randomized in the trial to once-daily
ORMD-0801 achieved a statistically significant (p-value 0.036) reduction from baseline in HbA1c of 0.60 (0.54 with placebo adjustment).
This 0.54 reduction in HbA1c is clinically meaningful. Treatment with ORMD-0801 demonstrated an excellent safety profile, with no serious
drug-related adverse events and with no increased frequency of hypoglycemic episodes when compared to placebo. In addition, during this
90-day trial, no weight gain was observed. In the initial cohort, 269 U.S.-based patients were enrolled and treated with a dose-increasing
approach: 16 mg initial dose, titrated to 24 mg per dose, and then titrated to 32 mg per dose. Patients were randomized into three groups
to assess dosing frequency: once-daily (32 mg per day), twice-daily (64 mg per day), thrice daily (96 mg per day). There was a corresponding
placebo for each treatment arm. Two hundred nine (209) patients completed treatment to the 12-week endpoint and were included in the data
analysis (24 subjects did not complete the full 12 weeks of treatment). The twice-daily arms achieved statistically significant (p-value
0.042) reductions from baseline in HbA1c of 0.59 (0.53 with placebo adjustment). The thrice-daily arm did not meet statistical significance
(p-value 0.093). In addition, due to evidence of treatment-by-center interaction, two sites (36 patients (13.4 of enrolled subjects))
were excluded from the statistical analysis as they showed results opposite from the rest of the statistically significant results. Our
internal investigation as well as an independent investigation did not find a cause for such discrepancy. 

1 

Cohort B :
In February 2020, we announced positive topline data from the second and final cohort of the Phase IIb trial with a different regimen
across three daily dose ranges (8 mg, 16 mg, 32 mg). Patients randomized in the trial treated with 8 mg of ORMD-0801 once-daily achieved
a statistically significant (p-value 0.028) observed mean reduction of 1.29 from baseline and a least square mean reduction of 0.95 
from baseline, or 0.81 adjusted for placebo. Patients who had HbA1c readings above 9 at baseline and received 8 mg of oral insulin once-daily
experienced a 1.26 reduction in HbA1c by week 12. Treatment with ORMD-0801 at all doses demonstrated an excellent safety profile, with
no serious drug-related adverse events and with no increased frequency of hypoglycemic episodes or weight gain compared to placebo. The
primary efficacy endpoint was a reduction in HbA1c at week 12. 

Phase III Study :
Based on guidance received from the FDA as part of the end-of-phase II meeting process for our oral insulin candidate, ORMD-0801, we have
submitted to the FDA the protocols for our upcoming pivotal Phase III studies. In line with the FDA s expectations and recommendations,
we intend to conduct two Phase III studies concurrently in patients with T2D. These studies involve about 1,125 patients to provide evidence
of ORMD-0801 s safety and efficacy in T2D patients over a treatment period of 6 to 12 months. A geographically diverse patient population
will be recruited from multiple sites throughout the United States, Europe, and Israel. Our Phase III study will be composed from 2 protocols: 

ORA-D-013-1 :
This study will treat T2D patients with inadequate glycaemic control who are currently on 2 or 3 oral glucose-lowering agents. This U.S.
study will recruit 675 patients from at least 75 clinical sites located throughout the U.S. Patients will be randomized 1:1:1 in this
double-dummy study into cohorts of: 8 mg ORMD-0801 once-daily at night and placebo 45 minutes before breakfast; 8 mg ORMD-0801 twice-daily,
at night and 45 minutes before breakfast; and placebo twice-daily, at night and 45 minutes before breakfast. The primary endpoint of the
study is to evaluate the efficacy of ORMD-0801 compared to placebo in improving glycaemic control as assessed by HbA1c, with a secondary
efficacy endpoint of assessing the change from baseline in fasting plasma glucose at 26 weeks. We initiated this trial in December 2020.
In November 2021, we announced that 75 of the 675 patients were enrolled and randomized. 

ORA-D-013-2 :
This study will include T2D patients with inadequate glycaemic control who are managing their condition with either diet alone or with
diet and metformin monotherapy. A total of 450 patients will be recruited through 36 sites in the U.S. and 25 sites in Western Europe
and Israel. Patients will be randomized 1:1 into two cohorts dosed with: 8 mg ORMD-0801 at night; and placebo at night. The primary endpoint
is to evaluate the efficacy of ORMD-0801 compared to placebo in improving glycaemic control as assessed by HbA1c over a 26-week treatment
period, with a secondary efficacy endpoint of assessing the change from baseline in fasting plasma glucose at 26 weeks. We initiated this
trial in the U.S. in March 2021. In August 2021, we announced that over 25 of the 450 patients were enrolled and randomized. 

We expect to receive the efficacy
data from the trials after patients have completed the first 6 months of treatment. Safety will be further monitored as patients will
be exposed to the drug over an additional 6 months (total 12 months). The trial s topline results are expected in 2022 and we anticipate
filing a BLA with the FDA in 2023. A BLA would grant us 12 years of marketing exclusivity from the date of approval in the U.S. 

NASH trial: In June
2020, we presented topline data of 8 patients from an open-label trial that assessed the safety, tolerability, and early effects of 16
mg ORMD-0801 (2x8 mg capsules) on liver fat in T2D, patients with nonalcoholic steatohepatitis, or NASH. The 12-week dosing had no serious
adverse events and it induced an observed mean 6.9 6.8 reduction in liver fat content (p-value: 0.035), and the relative reduction
of 30 , as measured by MRI-derived proton density fat fraction, or MRI-PDFF. In parallel, concentrations of gamma-glutamyltransferase
(GGT), a key marker of chronic hepatitis, were significantly lower after 12 weeks of treatment as compared to baseline (-14.6 13.1
U/L; p value: 0.008). 

In September 2020, we initiated an open label clinical
trial of our oral insulin capsule, ORMD-0801, for the treatment of NASH. This 10 patient multi-center trial is comprised of three clinical
sites in Belgium. The trial will measure change and percent change in MRI-PDFF from baseline to week 12. 

In December 2020, we initiated a double blind,
placebo controlled clinical trial of our oral insulin capsule, ORMD-0801, for the treatment of NASH. This 30 patient multi-center trial
is comprised of five clinical sites: three in the U.S. and two in Israel. The trial will measure change and percent change in MRI-PDFF
from baseline to week 12. In September 2021, we announced that over 50 of the patients were enrolled and randomized. 

Oral Glucagon-Like Peptide-1: Oral
Glucagon-Like Peptide-1, or GLP-1, is an incretin hormone, which stimulates the secretion of insulin from the pancreas. In addition to
our flagship product, the ORMD-0801 insulin capsule, we use our technology for an orally ingestible GLP-1 capsule, or ORMD-0901. 

In February 2019, we completed a Phase I pharmacokinetic
trial to evaluate the safety and pharmacokinetics of ORMD-0901 compared to placebo in healthy volunteers. We initiated a follow-on trial
in T2D patients, in June 2021 in the U.S. under an IND submitted to the FDA. 

2 

The following table gives
an overview of the above described primary R D pipeline: 

Our clinical trials are planned
in order to substantiate our results as well as for purposes of making future filings for drug approval. We also plan to conduct further
research and development by deploying our proprietary drug delivery technology for the delivery of other polypeptides in addition to insulin,
and to develop other innovative pharmaceutical products. 

Oral Vaccine 

On March 18, 2021, we entered into a license agreement,
or the Oravax License Agreement, with Oravax. For more information about the Oravax License Agreement, please see below under Out-Licensed
Technology . 

Oravax, Oramed s 63 owned joint venture
combines our proprietary POD oral delivery technology and the novel vaccine technology of Premas Biotech Pvt. Ltd., or Premas.
We are considering ways in which our shareholders could benefit more directly from Oravax, including potentially issuing some of our shares
in Oravax to our shareholders as a dividend, which would make Oravax a publicly held company that may in turn apply for listing on a stock
exchange. 

A single dose of Oravax s oral vaccine produced
a significant antibody response in a preclinical in-vivo study. Oravax s novel vaccine technology may be a candidate for
protection against COVID-19 and its variants due to triple antigen targeting, easier distribution and ease of administration. 

On October 29, 2021, we announced Oravax s
oral COVID-19 vaccine has received clearance from the South African Health Products Regulatory Authority to initiate Phase I trial and
subsequently to commence patient enrollment in a first in human, Phase 1 clinical trial, for its oral COVID-19 vaccine. 

Other Products 

We are developing a new drug
candidate, a weight loss treatment in the form of an oral leptin capsule. During the third quarter of the 2020 calendar year, we finalized
a proof of concept single-dose trial for this candidate to evaluate its pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics (glucagon reduction) in
10 type 1 adult diabetic patients without any safety issues. Patients who received leptin on average had a decrease in glucose as compared
to the placebo group during the first 30-180 minutes following dosing. At different time periods, the leptin treated patients on average
had glucagon values that were either lower than or similar to, those in the placebo group. We are currently in the middle of a second
study of 15 type 1 adult diabetic patients who serve as both the active and placebo arms in this study, with anticipated results in the
fourth quarter of the 2021 calendar year. 

Raw Materials 

Our oral insulin capsule is
currently manufactured by Fidelio Healthcare, a diversified European Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization (CDMO) in the
pharmaceutical and healthcare industries. 

In July 2010, Oramed Ltd.
entered into the Manufacturing and Supply Agreement, or MSA, with Sanofi-Aventis Deutschland GMBH, or Sanofi-Aventis. According to the
MSA, Sanofi-Aventis will supply Oramed Ltd. with specified quantities of recombinant human insulin to be used for clinical trials. 

We purchase, pursuant to separate
agreements with third parties, the raw materials required for the manufacturing of our oral capsule. We generally depend upon a limited
number of suppliers for the raw materials. Although alternative sources of supply for these materials are generally available, we could
incur significant costs and disruptions if we need to change suppliers. The termination of our relationships with our suppliers or the
failure of these suppliers to meet our requirements for raw materials on a timely and cost-effective basis could have a material adverse
effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

3 

Market Overview 

Diabetes is a disease in which
the body does not produce or properly use insulin. Insulin is a hormone that causes sugar to be absorbed into cells, where the sugar is
converted into energy needed for daily life. The cause of diabetes is attributed both to genetics (type 1 diabetes, or T1D) and, most
often, to environmental factors such as obesity and lack of exercise (T2D). According to the International Diabetes Federation, or IDF,
an estimated 463 million adults (20-79 years) worldwide suffered from diabetes in 2019 and the IDF projects this number will increase
to 700 million by 2045. Also, according to the IDF, in 2019, an estimated 4.2 million people died from diabetes. According to the American
Diabetes Association, or ADA, in the United States there were approximately 34.2 million people with diabetes, or 10.5 of the United
States population in 2018. Diabetes is a leading cause of blindness, kidney failure, heart attack, stroke and amputation. The latest report
of the ADA that analyzed the economic costs of diabetes in the U.S in 2017 indicates that the total cost of diagnosed diabetes in the
United States in 2017 was 327 billion. 

Intellectual Property 

We own a portfolio of patents
and patent applications covering our technologies, and we are aggressively protecting these technology developments on a worldwide basis. 

Leadership 

Management :
We are led by an experienced management team knowledgeable in the treatment of diabetes. Our Chief Scientific Officer, Miriam Kidron,
PhD, is a recognized pharmacologist and a biochemist and the innovator primarily responsible for our oral insulin technology development
and know-how. 

Scientific Advisory
Board : Our management team has access to our internationally recognized Scientific Advisory Board whose members are thought-leaders
in their respective areas. The Scientific Advisory Board is comprised of Dr. Roy Eldor, Dr. Ele Ferrannini, Dr. Alexander Fleming, Dr.
Avram Hershko, Dr. Harold Jacob, Dr. Julio Rosenstock and Dr. Jay Skyler. 

Strategy 

We plan to ultimately seek
a strategic commercial partner, or partners, with extensive experience in the development, commercialization, and marketing of insulin
applications and/or other orally digestible drugs. We anticipate such partner or partners would be responsible for, or substantially support,
late-stage clinical trials (Phase III) to increase the likelihood of obtaining regulatory approvals and registrations in the appropriate
markets in a timely manner. We further anticipate that such partner, or partners, would also be responsible for sales, marketing and support
of our products in these markets. Such planned strategic partnership, or partnerships, may provide a marketing and sales infrastructure
for our products as well as financial and operational support for global clinical trials, post marketing studies, label expansions and
other regulatory requirements concerning future clinical development. In 2015, we successfully executed this strategy when we, Oramed
Ltd. and HTIT entered into a Technology License Agreement pursuant to which we granted HTIT an exclusive commercialization license in
the territory of the People s Republic of China, Macau and Hong Kong, or the Territory, related to our oral insulin capsule, ORMD-0801.
Any future strategic partner, or partners, may also provide capital and expertise that would enable the partnership to develop new oral
dosage forms for other polypeptides. While our strategy is to partner with an appropriate party, no assurance can be given that we will
in fact be able to reach an agreeable partnership with any third party. Under certain circumstances, we may determine to develop one or
more of our oral dosage forms on our own, either world-wide or in select territories. 

In line with our strategy,
we have entered into a joint venture focused on the development of novel oral COVID-19 vaccines, based on our proprietary oral delivery
technology and our partners novel vaccine technology. 

In addition to developing
our own oral dosage form drug portfolio, we are, on an on-going basis, considering in-licensing and other means of obtaining additional
technologies to complement and/or expand our current product portfolio. Our goal is to create a well-balanced product portfolio that will
enhance and complement our existing drug portfolio. 

Potential Material Impact of COVID-19 

The COVID-19 pandemic has
negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted consumer spending and global supply chains and created significant volatility and disruption
of financial markets. Although to date the COVID-19 pandemic has not had a material adverse effect on us, the COVID-19 pandemic may have
a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance in the future. The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic,
including our ability to execute our business strategies as planned, will depend on future developments, including the duration and severity
of the pandemic, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 

4 

Although, as of the date of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we do not expect any material impact on our long-term activity, the extent to which COVID-19 impacts
our business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may
emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. 

Patents and Licenses 

We maintain a proactive intellectual
property strategy, which includes patent filings in multiple jurisdictions, including the United States and other commercially significant
markets. We hold 36 patent applications currently pending, with respect to various compositions, methods of production and oral administration
of proteins and exenatide. Expiration dates for pending patents, if granted, will fall between 2026 and 2039. 

We hold 87 patents, one of
which was issued during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021, or fiscal 2021, including patents issued by the United States, Swiss, German,
French, U.K., Italian, Netherlands, Swedish, Spanish, Australian, Israeli, Japanese, New Zealand, South African, Russian, Canadian, Hong
Kong, Chinese, European and Indian patent offices that cover a part of our technology, which allows for the oral delivery of proteins;
patents issued by the Australian, Canadian, European, Austrian, Belgian, French, German, Irish, Italian, Luxembourg, Monaco, Netherlands,
Norwegian, Spanish, Swedish, Swiss, U.K., Israeli, New Zealand, South African, Russian and Japanese patent offices that cover part of
our technology for the oral delivery of exenatide; and patents issued by the European, Austrian, Belgian, Denmark, French, German, Irish,
Italian, Luxembourg, Monaco, Netherlands, Norway, Spanish, Swedish, Swiss, U.K. and Japanese patent offices for treating diabetes. 

Consistent with our strategy
to seek protection in key markets worldwide, we have been and will continue to pursue the patent applications and corresponding foreign
counterparts of such applications. We believe that our success will depend on our ability to obtain patent protection for our intellectual
property. 

Our patent strategy is as
follows: 

Aggressively protect all current and future technological developments to assure strong and broad protection by filing patents and/or continuations in part as appropriate, 

Protect technological developments at various levels, in a complementary manner, including the base technology, as well as specific applications of the technology, and 

Establish comprehensive coverage in the United States and in all relevant foreign markets in anticipation of future commercialization opportunities. 

We also rely on trade secrets
and unpatentable know-how that we seek to protect, in part, by confidentiality agreements. Our policy is to require our employees, consultants,
contractors, manufacturers, outside scientific collaborators and sponsored researchers, our board of directors, or our Board, technical
review board and other advisors, to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of employment or consulting relationships
with us. These agreements provide that all confidential information developed or made known to the individual during the course of the
individual s relationship with us is to be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties except in specific limited circumstances.
We also require signed confidentiality or material transfer agreements from any company that is to receive our confidential information.
In the case of employees, consultants and contractors, the agreements provide that all inventions conceived by the individual while rendering
services to us shall be assigned to us as the exclusive property of the Company. There can be no assurance, however, that all persons
who we desire to sign such agreements will sign, or if they do, that these agreements will not be breached, that we would have adequate
remedies for any breach, or that our trade secrets or unpatentable know-how will not otherwise become known or be independently developed
by competitors. 

Out-Licensed Technology 

ENTERA BIO 

In June 2010, Oramed Ltd.
entered into a joint venture agreement with D.N.A Biomedical Solutions Ltd., or D.N.A, for the establishment of Entera Bio Ltd., or Entera. 

Under the terms of a license
agreement, as amended, that was entered into between Oramed Ltd. and Entera in August 2010, we out-licensed technology to Entera, on an
exclusive basis, for the development of oral delivery drugs for certain indications to be agreed upon between the parties. The out-licensed
technology differs from our main delivery technology that is used for oral insulin and GLP-1 analog and is subject to different patent
applications. Entera s initial development effort is for an oral formulation for the treatment of osteoporosis. In March 2011, we
entered into a patent transfer agreement, or the Patent Transfer Agreement, to replace the original license agreement pursuant to which
Oramed Ltd. assigned to Entera all of its right, title and interest in and to the patent application that it had licensed to Entera in
August 2010. Under this agreement, Oramed Ltd. is entitled to receive from Entera royalties of 3 of Entera s net revenues and a
license back of that patent application for use in respect of diabetes and influenza. 

5 

In March 2011, we also consummated
a transaction with D.N.A, whereby we sold to D.N.A 47 of Entera s outstanding share capital on an undiluted basis, retaining a
3 interest as of March 2011. In consideration for the shares sold to D.N.A, we received, among other payments, ordinary shares of D.N.A.
The D.N.A ordinary shares are traded on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange and its quoted price is subject to market fluctuations, and may, at
times, have a price below the value on the date we acquired such shares. In addition, the ordinary shares of D.N.A have historically experienced
low trading volume; as a result, there is no guarantee that we will be able to resell the ordinary shares of D.N.A at the prevailing market
prices. During the years ended August 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, we did not sell any of the D.N.A ordinary shares. As of August 31, 2021,
we held approximately 1.7 of D.N.A s outstanding ordinary shares. 

On December 11, 2018, Entera
announced that it had entered into a research collaboration and license agreement, or the Amgen License, with Amgen Inc. related to research
of inflammatory disease and other serious illnesses. As reported by Entera, under the terms of the Amgen License, Entera will receive
a modest initial technology access fee from Amgen and will be responsible for preclinical development at Amgen s expense. Entera
will be eligible to receive up to 270,000,000 in aggregate payments, as well as tiered royalties up to mid-single digits, upon achievement
of various clinical and commercial milestones if Amgen decides to move all of these programs forward. To the extent the Amgen License
results in net revenues as defined in the Patent Transfer Agreement, Oramed Ltd. will be entitled to the aforementioned royalties. 

HTIT 

On November 30, 2015, we,
Oramed Ltd. and HTIT entered into a Technology License Agreement, or TLA, and on December 21, 2015, these parties entered into an Amended
and Restated Technology License Agreement that was further amended by the parties on June 3, 2016 and July 24, 2016, or the License Agreement.
According to the License Agreement, we granted HTIT an exclusive commercialization license in the Territory, related to our oral insulin
capsule, ORMD-0801, or the Product. Pursuant to the License Agreement, HTIT will conduct, at its own expense, certain pre-commercialization
and regulatory activities with respect to our subsidiary s technology and ORMD-0801 capsule, and will pay (i) royalties of 10 on
net sales of the related commercialized products to be sold by HTIT in the Territory, or Royalties, and (ii) an aggregate of 37.5 million,
of which 3 million was payable immediately, 8 million will be paid subject to our entry into certain agreements with certain third parties,
and 26.5 million will be payable upon achievement of certain milestones and conditions. In the event that we will not meet certain conditions,
the Royalties rate may be reduced to a minimum of 8 . Following the final expiration of our patents covering the technology in the Territory
in 2033, the Royalties rate may be reduced, under certain circumstances, to 5 . The royalty payment obligation shall apply during the
period of time beginning upon the first commercial sale of the Product in the Territory, and ending upon the later of (i) the expiration
of the last-to-expire licensed patents in the Territory; and (ii) 15 years after the first commercial sale of the Product in the Territory,
or the Royalty Term. The License Agreement shall remain in effect until the expiration of the Royalty Term. The License Agreement contains
customary termination provisions. Through August 31, 2021, we received aggregate milestone payments of 20.5 million out of the aggregate
amount of 37.5 million. 

On August 21, 2020, we received
a letter from HTIT, disputing certain pending payment obligations of HTIT under the TLA. We wholly dispute said claims and we are in discussions
with HTIT in an attempt to reach a mutually agreeable solution. 

Oravax License 

On March 18, 2021, we entered into the Oravax License
Agreement with Oravax, pursuant to which we will grant to Oravax an exclusive, worldwide license , or the License, under our rights in
certain patents and related intellectual property in which Oravax will receive certain rights relating to our proprietary oral delivery
technology to further develop, manufacture and commercialize oral vaccines for COVID-19 and other novel coronaviruses based on Premas s
proprietary vaccine technology involving a triple antigen virus like particle, or the Oravax Product, which was previously owned by Cystron
Biotech LLC, or Cystron, and later acquired by Akers Biosciences Inc., or Akers. 

In consideration for the grant
of the License, the Oravax License Agreement provides that we will receive (i) royalties equal to 7.5 on net sales, as defined in the
Oravax License Agreement, of each product commercialized by Oravax, its affiliates and permitted sublicensees related to the License during
the term specified in the Oravax License Agreement, (ii) sublicensing fees equal to 15 of any non-sales-based consideration received
by Oravax from a permitted sublicensee and (iii) other payments ranging between 25 million to 100 million, based on certain sales milestones
being achieved by Oravax. The parties further agreed to establish a development and steering committee, which will consist of three members,
of which two members will be appointed by us, that will oversee the ongoing research, development, clinical and regulatory activity with
respect to the Oravax Product. In addition, we agreed to buy and Oravax agreed to issue to us 1,890,000 shares of common stock of Oravax,
representing 63 of the common stock of Oravax for the aggregate amount of 1.5 million. Akers agreed to contribute to Oravax 1.5 million
in cash and substantially all of the assets of Cystron, including a license agreement to Premas s novel vaccine technology. Nadav
Kidron, the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer, was one of the former members of Cystron. See note 12 to the financial
statements. 

6 

Government Regulation 

The Drug Development
Process 

Regulatory requirements for
the approval of new drugs vary from one country to another. In order to obtain approval to market our drug portfolio, we need to go through
a different regulatory process in each country in which we apply for such approval. In some cases, information gathered during the approval
process in one country can be used as supporting information for the approval process in another country. As a strategic decision, we
decided to first explore the FDA regulatory pathway. The following is a summary of the FDA s requirements. 

The FDA requires that pharmaceutical
and certain other therapeutic products undergo significant clinical experimentation and clinical testing prior to their marketing or introduction
to the general public. Clinical testing, known as clinical trials or clinical studies, is either conducted internally by life science,
pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies or is conducted on behalf of these companies by CROs. 

The process of conducting
clinical studies is highly regulated by the FDA, as well as by other governmental and professional bodies. Below we describe the principal
framework in which clinical studies are conducted, as well as describe a number of the parties involved in these studies. 

Protocols. Before commencing
human clinical studies, the sponsor of a new drug or therapeutic product must submit an IND application to the FDA. The application contains,
among other documents, what is known in the industry as a protocol. A protocol is the blueprint for each drug study. The protocol sets
forth, among other things, the following: 

Who must be recruited as qualified participants, 

How often to administer the drug or product, 

What tests to perform on the participants, and 

What dosage of the drug or amount of the product to give to the participants. 

Institutional Review Board.
An institutional review board is an independent committee of professionals and lay persons which reviews clinical research studies involving
human beings and is required to adhere to guidelines issued by the FDA. The institutional review board does not report to the FDA, but
its records are audited by the FDA. Its members are not appointed by the FDA. All clinical studies must be approved by an institutional
review board. The institutional review board s role is to protect the rights of the participants in the clinical studies. It approves
the protocols to be used, the advertisements which the company or CRO conducting the study proposes to use to recruit participants, and
the form of consent which the participants will be required to sign prior to their participation in the clinical studies. 

Clinical Trials. Human clinical
studies or testing of a potential product are generally done in three stages known as Phase I through Phase III testing. The names of
the phases are derived from the regulations of the FDA. Generally, there are multiple studies conducted in each phase. 

Phase I. Phase I studies involve
testing a drug or product on a limited number of healthy or patient participants, typically 24 to 100 people at a time. Phase I studies
determine a product s basic safety and how the product is absorbed by, and eliminated from, the body. This phase lasts an average
of six months to a year. 

Phase II. Phase II
trials involve testing of no more than 300 participants at a time who may suffer from the targeted disease or condition. Phase II
testing typically lasts an average of one to two years. In Phase II, the drug is tested to determine its safety and effectiveness
for treating a specific illness or condition. Phase II testing also involves determining acceptable dosage levels of the drug. Phase
II studies may be split into Phase IIa and Phase IIb sub-studies. Phase IIa studies may be conducted with patient volunteers and are
exploratory (non-pivotal) studies, typically designed to evaluate clinical efficacy or biological activity. Phase IIb studies are
conducted with patients defined to evaluate definite dose range and evaluate efficacy. If Phase II studies show that a new drug has
an acceptable range of safety risks and probable effectiveness, a company will generally continue to review the substance in Phase
III studies. 

7 

Phase III. Phase III studies
involve testing large numbers of participants, typically several hundred to several thousand persons. The purpose is to verify effectiveness
and long-term safety on a large scale. These studies generally last two to three years. Phase III studies are conducted at multiple locations
or sites. Like the other phases, Phase III requires the site to keep detailed records of data collected and procedures performed. 

Biological License Application.
The results of the clinical trials for a biological product are submitted to the FDA as part of a BLA. Following the completion of Phase
III studies, assuming the sponsor of a potential product in the United States believes it has sufficient information to support the safety
and effectiveness of its product, the sponsor will generally submit a BLA to the FDA requesting that the product be approved for marketing.
The application is a comprehensive, multi-volume filing that includes the results of all clinical studies, information about the drug s
composition, and the sponsor s plans for producing, packaging and labeling the product. The FDA s review of an application
can take a few months to many years, with the average review lasting 18 months. Once approved, drugs and other products may be marketed
in the United States, subject to any conditions imposed by the FDA. Approval of a BLA provides 12 years of exclusivity in the U.S. market. 

Phase IV. The FDA may require
that the sponsor conduct additional clinical trials following new drug approval. The purpose of these trials, known as Phase IV studies,
is to monitor long-term risks and benefits, study different dosage levels or evaluate safety and effectiveness. In recent years, the FDA
has increased its reliance on these trials. Phase IV studies usually involve thousands of participants. Phase IV studies also may be initiated
by the company sponsoring the new drug to gain broader market value for an approved drug. 

Similar to the U.S., a European
sponsor of a biological product may submit a Marketing Approval Application to the EMA for the registration of the product. The approval
process in Europe consists of several stages, which together are summed up to 210 days from the time of submission of the application
(net, without periods in which the sponsor provides answers to questions raised by the agency) following which, a Marketing Approval may
be granted. During the approval process, the sponsor s manufacturing facilities will be audited in order to assess Good Manufacturing
Practice compliance. 

The drug approval process
is time-consuming, involves substantial expenditures of resources, and depends upon a number of factors, including the severity of the
illness in question, the availability of alternative treatments, and the risks and benefits demonstrated in the clinical trials. 

Other Regulations 

Various federal, state and
local laws, regulations, and recommendations relating to safe working conditions, laboratory practices, the experimental use of animals,
the environment and the purchase, storage, movement, import, export, use, and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances,
including radioactive compounds and infectious disease agents, used in connection with our research are applicable to our activities.
They include, among others, the U.S. Atomic Energy Act, the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Occupational Safety and Health Act,
the National Environmental Policy Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act, and Resources Conservation and Recovery Act, national restrictions
on technology transfer, import, export, and customs regulations, and other present and possible future local, state, or federal regulation.
The compliance with these and other laws, regulations and recommendations can be time-consuming and involve substantial costs. In addition,
the extent of governmental regulation which might result from future legislation or administrative action cannot be accurately predicted
and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Competition 

Competition in General 

Competition in the area of
biomedical and pharmaceutical research and development is intense and significantly depends on scientific and technological factors. These
factors include the availability of patent and other protection for technology and products, the ability to commercialize technological
developments and the ability to obtain regulatory approval for testing, manufacturing and marketing. Our competitors include major pharmaceutical,
medical products, chemical and specialized biotechnology companies, many of which have financial, technical and marketing resources significantly
greater than ours. In addition, many biotechnology companies have formed collaborations with large, established companies to support research,
development and commercialization of products that may be competitive with ours. Academic institutions, governmental agencies and other
public and private research organizations are also conducting research activities and seeking patent protection and may commercialize
products on their own or through joint ventures. We are aware of certain other products manufactured or under development by competitors
that are used for the treatment of the diseases and health conditions that we have targeted for product development. We can provide no
assurance that developments by others will not render our technology obsolete or noncompetitive, that we will be able to keep pace with
new technological developments or that our technology will be able to supplant established products and methodologies in the therapeutic
areas that are targeted by us. The foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition
and results of operations. These companies, as well as academic institutions, governmental agencies and private research organizations,
also compete with us in recruiting and retaining highly qualified scientific personnel and consultants. 

8 

Competition within our sector
is increasing, so we will encounter competition from existing firms that offer competitive solutions in diabetes treatment solutions.
These competitive companies could develop products that are superior to, or have greater market acceptance, than the products being developed
by us. We will have to compete against other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies with greater market recognition and greater financial,
marketing and other resources. 

Our competition will be determined
in part by the potential indications for which our technology is developed and ultimately approved by regulatory authorities. In addition,
the first product to reach the market in a therapeutic or preventive area is often at a significant competitive advantage relative to
later entrants to the market. Accordingly, the relative speed with which we, or our potential corporate partners, can develop products,
complete the clinical trials and approval processes and supply commercial quantities of the products to the market are expected to be
important competitive factors. Our competitive position will also depend on our ability to attract and retain qualified scientific and
other personnel, develop effective proprietary products, develop and implement production and marketing plans, obtain and maintain patent
protection and secure adequate capital resources. We expect our technology, if approved for sale, to compete primarily on the basis of
product efficacy, safety, patient convenience, reliability, value and patent position. 

Competition for Our
Oral Insulin Capsule 

We anticipate the oral insulin
capsule to be a competitive diabetes drug because of its anticipated efficacy and safety profile. The following are some of the treatment
options for T1D and T2D patients: 

Insulin injections, 

Insulin pumps, or 

A combination of diet, exercise and oral medication which improve the body s response to insulin or cause the body to produce more insulin. 

Scientific Advisory Board 

We maintain a Scientific Advisory
Board consisting of internationally recognized scientists who advise us on scientific and technical aspects of our business. The Scientific
Advisory Board meets periodically to review specific projects and to assess the value of new technologies and developments to us. In addition,
individual members of the Scientific Advisory Board meet with us periodically to provide advice in their particular areas of expertise.
The Scientific Advisory Board consists of the following members, information with respect to whom is set forth below: Dr. Roy Eldor, Professor
Ele Ferrannini, Dr. Alexander Fleming, Professor Avram Hershko, Dr. Harold Jacob, Dr. Julio Rosenstock and Dr. Jay Skyler. 

Dr. Roy Eldor , MD,
PhD, joined the Oramed Scientific Advisory Board in July 2016. He is an endocrinologist, internist and researcher with over twenty
years of clinical and scientific experience. He is currently Director of the Diabetes Unit at the Institute of Endocrinology, Metabolism Hypertension, Tel-Aviv Sourasky Medical Center. Prior to that, Dr. Eldor served as Principal Scientist at Merck Research Laboratories,
Clinical Research - Diabetes Endocrinology, Rahway, New Jersey. He has previously served as a senior physician in internal
medicine at the Diabetes Unit in Hadassah Hebrew University Hospital, Jerusalem, Israel; and the Diabetes Division at the University of
Texas Health Science Center in San Antonio, Texas (under the guidance of Dr. R.A. DeFronzo). Dr. Eldor is a recognized expert, with over
50 peer reviewed papers and book chapters, and has been a guest speaker at numerous international forums. 

Professor Ele Ferrannini ,
 MD, joined the Oramed Scientific Advisory Board in February 2007. He is a past President to the European Association for the
Study of Diabetes, which supports scientists, physicians and students from all over the world who are interested in diabetes and related
subjects in Europe, and performs functions similar to that of the ADA in the United States. Professor Ferrannini has worked with various
institutions including the Department of Clinical Experimental Medicine, University of Pisa School of Medicine, and CNR (National
Research Council) Institute of Clinical Physiology, Pisa, Italy; and the Diabetes Division, Department of Medicine, University of Texas
Health Science Center at San Antonio, Texas. He has also had extensive training in internal medicine and endocrinology, and has specialized
in diabetes studies. Professor Ferrannini has received a Certificate of the Educational Council for Foreign Medical Graduates from the
University of Bologna, and with cum laude honors completed a subspecialty in Diabetes and Metabolic Diseases at the University of Torino.
He has published over 500 original papers and 50 book chapters and he is a highly cited researcher, according to the Institute
for Scientific Information. 

9 

Dr. Alexander Fleming,
MD an endocrinologist, is Founder and Executive Chairman of Kinexum, a strategic advisory firm. At the FDA from 1986 to 1998,
he served as a supervisory medical officer in the Division of Metabolism and Endocrine Drug Products and was responsible for landmark
approvals of the first statin, metformin, and other endocrine and metabolic therapies. He also represented the FDA at the World Health
Organization and on multiple expert working groups of the International Conference on Harmonization (ICH). Dr. Fleming coined the term,
Metabesity, which refers to the constellation of major chronic diseases and the aging process itself, all which share common metabolic
root causes and potential preventive therapies. He organized the first Congress on Metabesity in London in October 2017, followed by annual
conferences. Dr. Fleming founded in 2020 the not-for-profit Kitalys Institute as a means of producing Metabesity conferences and advancing
interventions of any kind that can improve health and healthspan. 

Professor Avram Hershko,
MD, PhD , joined the Oramed Scientific Advisory Board in July 2008. He earned his MD degree (1965) and PhD degree (1969) from the
Hebrew University-Hadassah Medical School of Jerusalem. Professor Hershko served as a physician in the Israel Defense Forces from 1965
to 1967. After a post-doctoral fellowship with Gordon Tomkins at the University of San Francisco (1969 - 72), he joined the faculty
of the Haifa Technion becoming a professor in 1980. He is now Distinguished Professor in the Unit of Biochemistry in the B. Rappaport
Faculty of Medicine of the Technion. Professor Hershko s main research interests concern the mechanisms by which cellular proteins
are degraded, a formerly neglected field of study. Professor Hershko and his colleagues showed that cellular proteins are degraded by
a highly selective proteolytic system. This system tags proteins for destruction by linkage to a protein called ubiquitin, which had previously
been identified in many tissues, but whose function was previously unknown. Subsequent work by Professor Hershko and many other laboratories
has shown that the ubiquitin system has a vital role in controlling a wide range of cellular processes, such as the regulation of cell
division, signal transduction and DNA repair. Professor Hershko was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry (2004) jointly with his former
PhD student Aaron Ciechanover and their colleague Irwin Rose. His many honors include the Israel Prize for Biochemistry (1994), the Gairdner
Award (1999), the Lasker Prize for Basic Medical Research (2000), the Wolf Prize for Medicine (2001) and the Louisa Gross Horwitz Award
(2001). Professor Hershko is a member of the Israel Academy of Sciences (2000) and a Foreign Associate of the U.S. Academy of Sciences
(2003). 

Dr. Harold Jacob, MD ,
joined the Oramed Scientific Advisory Board in November 2016. Since 1998, Dr. Jacob has served as the president of Medical Instrument
Development Inc., a company which provides a range of support and consulting services to start-up and early stage companies as well as
patenting its own proprietary medical devices. Since 2011, Dr. Jacob has also served as an attending physician at Hadassah University
Medical Center, where he has served as the director of the gastrointestinal endoscopy unit since September 2013. Dr. Jacob has advised
a spectrum of companies in the past and he served as a consultant and then as the Director of Medical Affairs at Given Imaging Ltd., from
1997 to 2003, a company that developed the first swallowable wireless pill camera for inspection of the intestine. He has licensed patents
to a number of companies including Kimberly-Clark Corporation. Since 2014, Dr. Jacob has served as the Chief Medical Officer and a director
of NanoVibronix, Inc., a medical device company using surface acoustics to prevent catheter acquired infection as well as other applications,
where he served as Chief Executive Officer from 2004 to 2014. He practiced clinical gastroenterology in New York and served as Chief of
Gastroenterology at St. John s Episcopal Hospital and South Nassau Communities Hospital from 1986 to 1995, and was a Clinical Assistant
Professor of Medicine at SUNY from 1983 to 1990. Dr. Jacob founded and served as Editor in Chief of Endoscopy Review and has authored
numerous publications in the field of gastroenterology. 

Dr. Julio Rosenstock,
MD , joined the Oramed Scientific Advisory Board in January 2020. Dr. Rosenstock is Director of the Dallas Diabetes Research Center
at Medical City, and Clinical Professor of Medicine at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas. He is board certified
in Internal Medicine, and Endocrinology and Metabolism. His clinical and research activities have focused on exploring novel agents and
therapeutic strategies to improve glycemic control. Over the last 30 years, he has participated in hundreds of clinical trials and has
had an active role in the development of new diabetes oral agents, incretin-related therapies and insulin formulations, acting often as
a lead clinical investigator and scientific advisor. Dr. Rosenstock has been the author or co-author of 338 peer-reviewed manuscripts
(H-index 105) and several hundred scientific abstracts. He has also contributed to 13 book chapters on various topics in the field of
diabetes. He is currently an Associate Editor of Diabetes Care. 

Dr. Jay Skyler, MD,
MCAP , joined the Oramed Scientific Advisory Board in January 2020. Dr. Skyler is Professor of Medicine, Pediatrics, Psychology
in the Division of Endocrinology, Diabetes Metabolism, Department of Medicine, University of Miami Leonard M. Miller School of Medicine.
He previously held the position of Director of the Division of Endocrinology, Diabetes Metabolism. In addition, Dr. Skyler is Deputy
Director of Clinical Research and Academic Programs at the Diabetes Research Institute, and an Adjunct Professor of Pediatrics at the
Barbara Davis Center for Childhood Diabetes, University of Colorado at Denver. Dr. Skyler s research focuses on the clinical aspects
of diabetes, specifically the conduct of randomized controlled clinical trials. From 1993 until 2015, he was Chairman of the NIH (NIDDK)-sponsored
Diabetes Prevention Trial - Type 1 (DPT-1) and its successor Type 1 Diabetes TrialNet, a nationwide (and global) network conducting
clinical trials to prevent T1D. 

10 

Employees 

We have been successful in
retaining experienced personnel involved in our research and development program. In addition, we believe we have successfully recruited
the clinical/regulatory, quality assurance and other personnel needed to advance through clinical studies or have engaged the services
of experts in the field for these requirements. As of August 31, 2021, we have contracted with thirteen individuals for employment or
consulting arrangements. Of our staff, five are senior management, four are engaged in research and development work, and the remaining
four are involved in administration work. 

Additional Information 

Additional information about
us is contained on our Internet website at www.oramed.com. Information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this report.
On our website, under Investors , SEC Filings , we make available free of charge our Annual Reports on Form
10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically
file such material with, or furnish it to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. Reports filed with the SEC are made
available on its website at www.sec.gov. The following Corporate Governance documents are also posted on our website: Code of Ethics,
Whistleblowing Policy and the Charters for each of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating Committee of our Board. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

An investment in our
securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the following information about these risks, together with the
other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K before making an investment decision. Our business, prospects, financial
condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected as a result of any of the following risks. The value of
our securities could decline as a result of any of these risks. You could lose all or part of your investment in our securities. Some
of the statements in Item 1A. Risk Factors are forward-looking statements. The following risk factors are not the only
risk factors facing the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may
also affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

We continue, and in the
future expect, to incur losses . 

Successful completion of our
development programs and our transition to normal operations are dependent upon obtaining necessary regulatory approvals from the FDA
prior to selling our products within the United States, and foreign regulatory approvals must be obtained to sell our products internationally.
There can be no assurance that we will receive regulatory approval of any of our product candidates, and a substantial amount of time
may pass before we achieve a level of revenues adequate to support our operations. We also expect to incur substantial expenditures in
connection with the regulatory approval process for each of our product candidates during their respective developmental periods. Obtaining
marketing approval will be directly dependent on our ability to implement the necessary regulatory steps required to obtain marketing
approval in the United States and in other countries. We cannot predict the outcome of these activities. 

Based on our current cash
resources and commitments, we believe we will be able to maintain our current planned development activities and the corresponding level
of expenditures for at least the next 12 months, although no assurance can be given that we will not need additional funds prior to such
time. If there are unexpected increases in our operating expenses, we may need to seek additional financing during the next 12 months. 

We will need substantial
additional capital in order to satisfy our business objectives. 

To date, we have financed
our operations principally through offerings of securities and we will require substantial additional financing at various intervals in
order to continue our research and development programs, including significant requirements for operating expenses including intellectual
property protection and enforcement, for pursuit of regulatory approvals, and for commercialization of our products. We can provide no
assurance that additional funding will be available on a timely basis, on terms acceptable to us, or at all. In the event that we are
unable to obtain such financing, we will not be able to fully develop and commercialize our technology. Our future capital requirements
will depend upon many factors, including: 

Continued scientific progress in our research and development programs, 

Costs and timing of conducting clinical trials and seeking regulatory approvals and patent prosecutions, 

Competing technological and market developments, 

11 

Our ability to establish additional collaborative relationships, and 

Effects of commercialization activities and facility expansions if and as required. 

If we cannot secure adequate
financing when needed, we may be required to delay, scale back or eliminate one or more of our research and development programs or to
enter into license or other arrangements with third parties to commercialize products or technologies that we would otherwise seek to
develop ourselves and commercialize ourselves. In such event, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations may
be adversely affected as we may be required to scale-back, eliminate, or delay development efforts or product introductions or enter into
royalty, sales or other agreements with third parties in order to commercialize our products. 

We have a history of losses
and can provide no assurance as to our future operating results. 

We do not have sufficient revenues
from our research and development activities to fully support our operations. Consequently, we have incurred net losses and negative cash
flows since inception. We currently have only licensing revenues and no product revenues, and may not succeed in developing or commercializing
any products which could generate product revenues. We do not expect to have any products on the market for several years. In addition,
development of our product candidates requires a process of pre-clinical and clinical testing, during which our products could fail. We
may not be able to enter into agreements with one or more companies experienced in the manufacturing and marketing of therapeutic drugs
and, to the extent that we are unable to do so, we will not be able to market our product candidates. Eventual profitability will depend
on our success in developing, manufacturing, and marketing our product candidates. As of August 31, 2021, August 31, 2020 and August 31,
2019, we had working capital of 88,658,000, 35,975,000 and 28,016,000, respectively, and stockholders equity of 116,517,000,
 32,879,000 and 19,393,000, respectively. During fiscal 2021 and the fiscal years ended August 31, 2020, or fiscal 2020, and 2019, we
generated revenues of 2,703,000, 2,710,000 and 2,703,000, respectively. For the period from our inception on April 12, 2002 through
August 31, 2021, fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019, we incurred net losses of 114,852,000, 22,238,000, 11,511,000 and 14,355,000,
respectively. We may never achieve profitability and expect to incur net losses in the foreseeable future. See Item 7. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

We rely upon patents to
protect our technology. 

The patent position of biopharmaceutical
and biotechnology firms is generally uncertain and involves complex legal and factual questions. We do not know whether any of our current
or future patent applications will result in the issuance of any patents. Even issued patents may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented.
Patents may not provide a competitive advantage or afford protection against competitors with similar technology. Competitors or potential
competitors may have filed applications for, or may have received patents and may obtain additional and proprietary rights to compounds
or processes used by or competitive with ours. In addition, laws of certain foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights
to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. 

Patent litigation is becoming
widespread in the biopharmaceutical and biotechnology industry and we cannot predict how this will affect our efforts to form strategic
alliances, conduct clinical testing or manufacture and market any products under development. If challenged, our patents may not be held
valid. We could also become involved in interference proceedings in connection with one or more of our patents or patent applications
to determine priority of invention. If we become involved in any litigation, interference or other administrative proceedings, we will
likely incur substantial expenses and the efforts of our technical and management personnel will be significantly diverted. In addition,
an adverse determination could subject us to significant liabilities or require us to seek licenses that may not be available on favorable
terms, if at all. We may be restricted or prevented from manufacturing and selling our products in the event of an adverse determination
in a judicial or administrative proceeding or if we fail to obtain necessary licenses. 

12 

We may be unable to protect
our intellectual property rights and we may be liable for infringing the intellectual property rights of others. 

Our ability to compete effectively
will depend on our ability to maintain the proprietary nature of our technologies. We currently hold several pending patent applications
in the United States, Canada, Brazil, Europe, India, Hong Kong, Japan and China for our technologies covering oral administration of insulin
and other proteins and oral administration of exenatide and proteins and 87 patents issued by the United States, Australian, Canadian,
Chinese, Israeli, Japanese, New Zealand, South African, Russian, European, Hong Kong, Swiss, German, Spanish, French, United Kingdom,
Italian, Indian, Austrian, Belgian, Irish, Swedish, Denmark, Luxembourg, Monaco, Norway and Netherlands patent offices for our technologies
covering oral administration of insulin and other proteins, or for our technologies covering oral administration of exenatide, or for
methods and compositions for treating diabetes. Further, we intend to rely on a combination of trade secrets and non-disclosure and other
contractual agreements and technical measures to protect our rights in our technology. We intend to depend upon confidentiality agreements
with our officers, directors, employees, consultants, and subcontractors, as well as collaborative partners, to maintain the proprietary
nature of our technology. These measures may not afford us sufficient or complete protection, and others may independently develop technology
similar to ours, otherwise avoid our confidentiality agreements, or produce patents that would materially and adversely affect our business,
prospects, financial condition and results of operations. We believe that our technology is not subject to any infringement actions based
upon the patents of any third parties; however, our technology may in the future be found to infringe upon the rights of others. Others
may assert infringement claims against us or against companies to which we have licensed our technology, and if we should be found to
infringe upon their patents, or otherwise impermissibly utilize their intellectual property, our ability to continue to use our technology
could be materially restricted or prohibited. If this event occurs, we may be required to obtain licenses from the holders of this intellectual
property, enter into royalty agreements, or redesign our products so as not to utilize this intellectual property, each of which may prove
to be uneconomical or otherwise impossible. Licenses or royalty agreements required in order for us to use this technology may not be
available on terms acceptable to us, or at all. These claims could result in litigation, which could materially adversely affect our business,
prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Further, we may need to indemnify companies to which we licensed our technology
in the event that such technology is found to infringe upon the rights of others. 

Our commercial success will
also depend significantly on our ability to operate without infringing the patents and other proprietary rights of third parties. Patent
applications are, in many cases, maintained in secrecy until patents are issued. The publication of discoveries in the scientific or patent
literature frequently occurs substantially later than the date on which the underlying discoveries were made and patent applications are
filed. In the event of infringement or violation of another party s patent, we may be prevented from pursuing product development
or commercialization. See Item 1. Business Description of Business Patents and Licenses. 

At present, our success
depends primarily on the successful commercialization of our oral insulin capsule. 

The successful commercialization
of our oral insulin capsule is crucial for our success. At present, our principal product is the oral insulin capsule. Our oral insulin
capsule is in a clinical development stage and faces a variety of risks and uncertainties. Principally, these risks include the following: 

Future clinical trial results may show that the oral insulin capsule is not well tolerated by recipients at its effective doses or is not efficacious as compared to placebo, 

Future clinical trial results may be inconsistent with previous preliminary testing results and data from our earlier studies may be inconsistent with clinical data, 

Even if our oral insulin capsule is shown to be safe and effective for its intended purposes, we may face significant or unforeseen difficulties in obtaining or manufacturing sufficient quantities or at reasonable prices, 

Our ability to complete the development and commercialization of the oral insulin capsule for our intended use is significantly dependent upon our ability to obtain and maintain experienced and committed partners to assist us with obtaining clinical and regulatory approvals for, and the manufacturing, marketing and distribution of, the oral insulin capsule on a worldwide basis, 

Even if our oral insulin capsule is successfully developed, commercially produced and receives all necessary regulatory approvals, there is no guarantee that there will be market acceptance of our product, and 

Our competitors may develop therapeutics or other treatments which are superior or less costly than our own with the result that our products, even if they are successfully developed, manufactured and approved, may not generate significant revenues. 

If we are unsuccessful in
dealing with any of these risks, or if we are unable to successfully commercialize our oral insulin capsule for some other reason, it
would likely seriously harm our business. 

We have limited experience
in conducting clinical trials. 

Clinical trials must meet
FDA and foreign regulatory requirements. We have limited experience in designing, conducting and managing the preclinical studies and
clinical trials necessary to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates in any country. We have entered into agreements with
Integrium LLC and other consultants to assist us in designing, conducting and managing our various clinical trials in the United States,
Europe and Israel. Any failure of Integrium LLC or any other consultant to fulfill their obligations could result in significant additional
costs as well as delays in designing, consulting and completing clinical trials on our products. 

13 

Our clinical trials may
encounter delays, suspensions or other problems. 

We may encounter problems
in clinical trials that may cause us or the FDA or foreign regulatory agencies to delay, suspend or terminate our clinical trials at any
phase. These problems could include the possibility that we may not be able to conduct clinical trials at our preferred sites, enroll
a sufficient number of patients for our clinical trials at one or more sites or begin or successfully complete clinical trials in a timely
fashion, if at all. Furthermore, we, the FDA or foreign regulatory agencies may suspend clinical trials at any time if we or they believe
the subjects participating in the trials are being exposed to unacceptable health risks or if we or they find deficiencies in the clinical
trial process or conduct of the investigation. If clinical trials of any of the product candidates fail, we will not be able to market
the product candidate which is the subject of the failed clinical trials. The FDA and foreign regulatory agencies could also require additional
clinical trials, which would result in increased costs and significant development delays. Our failure to adequately demonstrate the safety
and effectiveness of a pharmaceutical product candidate under development could delay or prevent regulatory approval of the product candidate
and could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Finally, the COVID-19
pandemic has impacted clinical trials broadly. We may experience delays in site initiation and patient enrollment, failures to comply
with study protocols, delays in the manufacture of our product candidates for clinical testing and other difficulties in starting or competing
our clinical trials. 

Clinical trials of our
products conducted by third parties may encounter delays, suspensions or other problems and are outside of our control. 

Third parties who conduct
clinical trials of our products may encounter problems that may cause delays, suspensions or other problems at any phase. These problems
could include the possibility that they may not be able to conduct clinical trials at their preferred sites, enroll a sufficient number
of patients for their clinical trials at one or more sites or begin or successfully complete clinical trials in a timely fashion, if at
all. In addition, these third parties are not controlled by us and may conduct these trials in a manner in which we disagree or which
may prove to be unsuccessful. Furthermore, domestic or foreign regulatory agencies may suspend clinical trials at any time if they believe
the subjects participating in the trials are being exposed to unacceptable health risks or if they find deficiencies in the clinical trial
process or conduct of the investigation. If such clinical trials conducted by third parties fail, it could have a material adverse effect
on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

We can provide no assurance
that our products will obtain regulatory approval or that the results of clinical studies will be favorable. 

The testing, marketing and
manufacturing of any of our products will require the approval of the FDA or regulatory agencies of other countries. We have completed
certain non-FDA clinical trials and pre-clinical trials for our products. In addition, we have completed a Phase IIb clinical trial in
patients with T2D under an IND with the FDA and we have completed Phase IIa clinical trials of ORMD-0801 in patients with T1D, under an
IND with the FDA. However, success in pre-clinical testing and early clinical trials does not ensure that later clinical trials will be
successful. Even within a clinical trial there might be discrepancies from statistically significant data, as occurred at two of the sites
in the initial cohort of our Phase IIb trial, which we excluded while we investigate such discrepancies. For example, a number of companies
in the pharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials. 

We cannot predict with
any certainty the amount of time necessary to obtain regulatory approvals, including from the FDA or other foreign regulatory authorities,
and whether any such approvals will ultimately be granted. In any event, review and approval by the regulatory bodies is anticipated to
take a number of years. Preclinical and clinical trials may reveal that one or more of our products are ineffective or unsafe, in which
event further development of such products could be seriously delayed or terminated. Moreover, obtaining approval for certain products
may require the testing on human subjects of substances whose effects on humans are not fully understood or documented. Delays in obtaining
necessary regulatory approvals of any proposed product and failure to receive such approvals would have an adverse effect on the product s
potential commercial success and on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, it is possible
that a product may be found to be ineffective or unsafe due to conditions or facts which arise after development has been completed and
regulatory approvals have been obtained. In this event we may be required to withdraw such product from the market. See Item 1.
Business Description of Business Government Regulation. 

We are dependent upon third
party suppliers of our raw materials. 

We are dependent on outside
vendors for our entire supply of the oral insulin and GLP-1 capsules and do not currently have any long-term agreements in place for the
supply of oral insulin or GLP-1 capsules. While we believe that there are numerous sources of supply available, if the third party suppliers
were to cease production, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, or otherwise fail to supply us with quality raw materials in
sufficient quantities on a timely basis and we were unable to contract on acceptable terms for these services with alternative suppliers,
our ability to produce our products and to conduct testing and clinical trials would be materially adversely affected. 

14 

Our future revenues from
HTIT are dependent upon third party suppliers and Chinese regulatory approvals. 

Our future revenues from HTIT
are dependent upon the achievement of certain milestones and conditions, and the success of HTIT to implement our technology and to manufacture
the oral insulin capsule. Our future revenues from HTIT are also dependent upon the ability of third parties to scale-up one of our oral
capsule ingredients and to scale-up the manufacturing process of our capsules. Our future revenues from royalties from HTIT are further
dependent upon the granting of regulatory approvals in the Territory. Accordingly, if any of the foregoing does not occur, we may not
be successful in receiving future revenues from HTIT and may not succeed with our business plans in China. 

If we do not resolve our
dispute with HTIT favorably, we may need to reverse deferred revenue of up to 2 million and may not receive an additional 4 million
in royalties. 

On August 21, 2020, we received
a letter from HTIT, disputing certain pending payment obligations of HTIT under the TLA. We estimate this obligation to be between 2
million and 6 million. While we wholly dispute said claims and have been engaged in discussions and exchanges with HTIT in an attempt
to clarify and resolve disagreements between the parties regarding milestone payments and work plan implementation, we may be subsequently
required to repay to HTIT up to 2 million, which has been received and has been included in our deferred revenue in each of the consolidated
balance sheets fiscal years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020. In addition, we may not receive an additional 4 million in Royalties if HTIT
is entitled to the full disputed amount of 6 million. 

We are highly dependent
upon our ability to enter into agreements with collaborative partners to develop, commercialize and market our products. 

Our long-term strategy is
to ultimately seek a strategic commercial partner, or partners, such as large pharmaceutical companies, with extensive experience in the
development, commercialization, and marketing of insulin applications and/or other orally digestible drugs. Although Phase III clinical
trials for our oral insulin candidate, ORMD-0801 will start without a partner, if we engage such a partner, we anticipate such partner
or partners would be responsible for, or substantially support, late stage clinical trials, and sales and marketing of our oral insulin
capsule and other products. Such planned strategic partnership, or partnerships, may provide a marketing and sales infrastructure for
our products as well as financial and operational support for global clinical trials, post marketing studies, label expansions and other
regulatory requirements concerning future clinical development in the United States and elsewhere. While our strategy is to partner with
an appropriate party for our expected Phase III clinical trials, no assurance can be given that any third party would be interested in
partnering with us. We currently lack the resources to manufacture any of our product candidates on a large scale and we have no sales,
marketing or distribution capabilities. In the event we are not able to enter into a collaborative agreement with a partner, or partners,
on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, we may be unable to commercialize our products, which would have a material adverse effect
upon our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

The biotechnology and biopharmaceutical
industries are characterized by rapid technological developments and a high degree of competition. We may be unable to compete with more
substantial enterprises. 

The biotechnology and biopharmaceutical
industries are characterized by rapid technological developments and a high degree of competition. As a result, our products could become
obsolete before we recoup any portion of our related research and development and commercialization expenses. These industries are highly
competitive, and this competition comes both from biotechnology firms and from major pharmaceutical and chemical companies. Many of these
companies have substantially greater financial, marketing and human resources than we do (including, in some cases, substantially greater
experience in clinical testing, manufacturing and marketing of pharmaceutical products). We also experience competition in the development
of our products from universities and other research institutions and compete with others in acquiring technology from such universities
and institutions. In addition, certain of our products may be subject to competition from products developed using other technologies.
See Item 1. Business Description of Business Competition. 

We have limited senior
management resources and may be required to obtain more resources to manage our growth. 

We expect the expansion of
our business to place a significant strain on our limited managerial, operational and financial resources. We will be required to expand
our operational and financial systems significantly and to expand, train and manage our work force in order to manage the expansion of
our operations. Our failure to fully integrate our new employees into our operations could have a material adverse effect on our business,
prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel is critical to our
operations and expansion. We face competition for these types of personnel from other technology companies and more established organizations,
many of which have significantly larger operations and greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we have. We may not
be successful in attracting and retaining qualified personnel on a timely basis, on competitive terms or at all. If we are not successful
in attracting and retaining these personnel, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations will be materially
adversely affected. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, 
 Item 1. Business Description of Business Strategy and Employees. 

15 

We depend upon our senior
management and skilled personnel and their loss or unavailability could put us at a competitive disadvantage. 

We currently depend upon the
efforts and abilities of our senior executives, as well as the services of several key consultants and other key personnel, including
Dr. Miriam Kidron, our Chief Scientific Officer. The loss or unavailability of the services of any of these individuals for any significant
period of time could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. We do not
maintain key man life insurance policies for any of our senior executives. In addition, recruiting and retaining qualified
scientific personnel to perform future research and development work will be critical to our success. There is currently a shortage of
employees with expertise in developing, manufacturing and commercialization of products and related clinical and regulatory affairs, and
this shortage is likely to continue. Competition for skilled personnel is intense and turnover rates are high. Our ability to attract
and retain qualified personnel may be limited. Our inability to attract and retain qualified skilled personnel would have a material adverse
effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our existing and any future
joint ventures may limit our flexibility with jointly owned investments and we may not realize the benefits we expect from these arrangements. 
We are currently party to a joint venture, and we may in the future sell or contribute additional assets or acquire, develop or recapitalize
assets to or in this joint venture or other joint ventures that we may enter. 

Our participation in our existing joint venture
is subject to risks, including the following: 

We share approval rights over certain major decisions affecting the ownership or operation of the joint venture and any assets owned by the joint venture; 

We may need to contribute additional capital in order to preserve, maintain or grow the joint venture and its investments; 

Our joint venture investors may have economic or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our business interests or goals and that could affect our ability to fully benefit from the assets owned by the joint venture; 

Our joint venture investors may be subject to different laws or regulations than us, which could create conflicts of interest; 

Our joint venture has license and other agreements with other investors, which we are not party to and have no control over; 

Our ability to sell our interest in, or sell additional assets to, the joint venture or the joint venture s ability to sell additional interests of, or assets owned by, the joint venture when we so desire are subject to the approval rights of the other joint venture investors under the terms of the agreements governing the joint venture; and 

Disagreements with our joint venture investors could result in litigation
or arbitration that could be expensive and distracting to management and could delay important decisions. 

Any
of the foregoing risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further,
these, similar, enhanced or additional risks, including possible risks of the other joint venture investors having licensed assets to
the joint venture, may apply to any future additional or amended joint ventures that we may enter into. 

Healthcare policy changes,
including pending legislation recently adopted and further proposals still pending to reform the U.S. healthcare system, may harm our
future business. 

Healthcare costs have risen
significantly over the past decade. There have been and continue to be proposals by legislators, regulators and third-party payors to
keep these costs down. Certain proposals, if passed, would impose limitations on the prices we will be able to charge for the products
that we are developing, or the amounts of reimbursement available for these products from governmental agencies or third-party payors.
These limitations could in turn reduce the amount of revenues that we will be able to generate in the future from sales of our products
and licenses of our technology. 

In 2010, the federal government
enacted healthcare reform legislation that has significantly impacted the pharmaceutical industry. In addition to requiring most individuals
to have health insurance and establishing new regulations on health plans, this legislation requires discounts under the Medicare drug
benefit program and increased rebates on drugs covered by Medicaid. In addition, the legislation imposes an annual fee, which has increased
annually, on sales by branded pharmaceutical manufacturers. There can be no assurance that our business will not be materially adversely
affected by these increased rebates, fees and other provisions. In addition, these and other initiatives in the United States may continue
the pressure on drug pricing, especially under the Medicare and Medicaid programs, and may also increase regulatory burdens and operating
costs. The announcement or adoption of any such initiative could have an adverse effect on potential revenues from any product that we
may successfully develop. An expansion in government s role in the U.S. healthcare industry may lower the future revenues for the
products we are developing and adversely affect our future business, possibly materially. 

In September 2017, members
of the U.S. Congress introduced legislation with the announced intention to repeal and replace major provisions of the Patient Protection
and Affordable Care Act, or the ACA. In addition to those efforts, on October 12, 2017, an executive order was issued that modified certain
aspects of the ACA. Various litigation to invalidate parts of the ACA are pending in court and, despite an upcoming change in presidential
administration, attempts to repeal or to repeal and replace the ACA may continue. In addition, various other healthcare reform proposals
have also emerged at the federal and state level. We cannot predict what healthcare initiatives, if any, will be implemented at the federal
or state level, or the effect any future legislation or regulation will have on us. 

16 

We are exposed to fluctuations
in currency exchange rates. 

A considerable amount of our
expenses are generated in dollars or in dollar-linked currencies, but a significant portion of our expenses such as some clinical studies
and payroll costs are generated in other currencies such as NIS and Euro. Most of the time, our non-dollar assets are not totally offset
by non-dollar liabilities. Due to the foregoing and to the fact that our financial results are measured in dollars, our results could
be adversely affected as a result of a strengthening or weakening of the dollar compared to these other currencies. During the fiscal
years ended August 31, 2016, 2017, 2019, 2020 and 2021, the dollar depreciated in relation to the NIS, which raised the dollar cost of
our Israeli based operations and adversely affected our financial results, while during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018 the dollar
increased in relation to the NIS, which reduced the dollar cost of our Israeli based operations costs. In addition, our results could
also be adversely affected if we are unable to guard against currency fluctuations in the future. Although we may in the future decide
to undertake foreign exchange hedging transactions to cover a portion of our foreign currency exchange exposure, we currently do not hedge
our exposure to foreign currency exchange risks. These transactions, however, may not adequately protect us from future currency fluctuations
and, even if they do protect us, may involve operational or financing costs we would not otherwise incur. 

The COVID-19 pandemic,
or any other pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease, may materially and adversely affect our business and operations. 

The spread of COVID-19 may
result in the inability of our suppliers to deliver supplies to us on a timely basis. In addition, health professionals may reduce staffing
and reduce or postpone meetings with clients in response to the spread of an infectious disease. Though we have not yet experienced such
events, if they would occur, they could result in a period of business disruption, and in reduced operations, any of which could materially
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Although, as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we do
not expect any material impact on our long-term activity, the extent to which COVID-19 impacts our business will depend on future developments,
which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and
the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. We are actively monitoring the pandemic and we are taking any necessary
measures to respond to the situation in cooperation with the various stakeholders. 

The outbreak of COVID-19
may materially and adversely affect our clinical trial operations and our financial results. 

The outbreak of COVID-19 originated
in Wuhan, China, in December 2019 and has since spread to multiple countries, including the United States, Israel and several European
countries where we expected to initiate clinical trials. The extent to which COVID-19 may impact our clinical trial operations will depend
on future developments, which are still uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, such as the duration of the outbreak, the severity
of COVID-19, or the effectiveness of actions to contain and treat for COVID-19. The continued spread of COVID-19 globally could adversely
impact our clinical trial operations in the United States, Israel and in Europe, including our ability to recruit and retain patients
and principal investigators and site staff who, as healthcare providers, may have heightened exposure to COVID-19 if an outbreak occurs
in their geography or due to government or institutional quarantines or stay-at-home measures. 

Moreover, COVID-19 may also
affect employees of third-party contract research organizations located in affected geographies that we rely upon to carry out such enrollments
and trials. Any negative impact COVID-19 has to patient enrollment or treatment could cause costly delays to clinical trial activities,
which could adversely affect our ability to obtain regulatory approval for and to commercialize our product candidates, increase our operating
expenses, and have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 

Risks Related to our Common Stock 

Future sales of our common
stock by our existing stockholders could adversely affect our stock price. 

The market price of our common
stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number of shares of our common stock in the market, or the perception that these sales
could occur. These sales also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that
we deem appropriate. As of November 24, 2021, we had outstanding 38,086,020 shares of common stock, a large majority of which are freely
tradable. Giving effect to the exercise in full of all of our outstanding warrants, options and restricted stock units, or RSUs, including
those currently unexercisable or unvested, we would have outstanding 41,151,814 shares of common stock. 

Our issuance of warrants,
options and RSUs to investors, employees and consultants may have a negative effect on the trading prices of our common stock as well
as a dilutive effect. 

We have issued and may continue
to issue warrants, options, RSUs and convertible notes at, above or below the current market price. As of November 24, 2021, we had outstanding
warrants and options exercisable for 1,056,405 shares of common stock at a weighted average exercise price of 5.91. We also had outstanding
RSUs exercisable for 364,635 shares of common stock at a total exercise price of 900. In addition to the dilutive effect of a large number
of shares of common stock and a low exercise price for the warrants and options, there is a potential that a large number of underlying
shares of common stock may be sold in the open market at any given time, which could place downward pressure on the trading of our common
stock. 

Because we will not pay
cash dividends in the foreseeable future, investors may have to sell shares of our common stock in order to realize their investment. 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our common stock and do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain future earnings,
if any, for reinvestment in the development and expansion of our business. Any credit agreements which we may enter into with institutional
lenders or otherwise may restrict our ability to pay dividends. Whether we pay cash dividends in the future will be at the discretion
of our Board and will be dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and any other factors that
our Board decides is relevant. 

17 

Because certain of our
stockholders control a significant number of shares of our common stock, they may have effective control over actions requiring stockholder
approval. 

As of November 24, 2021, our
directors, executive officers and principal affiliated stockholders beneficially own approximately 7.0 
of our outstanding shares of common stock, excluding shares issuable upon the exercise of options, warrants and RSUs. As a result, these
stockholders, should they act together, may have the ability to control the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval,
including the election of directors and any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. In addition, these
stockholders, should they act together, may have the ability to control our management and affairs. Accordingly, this concentration of
ownership might harm the market price of our common stock by: 

Delaying, deferring or preventing a change in corporate control, 

Impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us, or 

Discouraging a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. 

Risks Related to Conducting Business in Israel 

We are affected by the
political, economic and military risks of having operations in Israel. 

We have operations in the
State of Israel, and we are directly affected by political, economic and security conditions in that country. Since the establishment
of the State of Israel in 1948, a number of armed conflicts have taken place between Israel and its Arab neighbors and a state of hostility,
varying in degree and intensity, has led to security and economic problems for Israel. In addition, acts of terrorism, armed conflicts
or political instability in the region could negatively affect local business conditions and harm our results of operations. We cannot
predict the effect on the region of any diplomatic initiatives or political developments involving Israel or the Palestinians or other
countries and territories in the Middle East. Recent political events, including political uprisings, social unrest and regime change,
in various countries in the Middle East and North Africa have weakened the stability of those countries and territories, which could result
in extremists coming to power. In addition, Iran has threatened to attack Israel and is widely believed to be developing nuclear weapons.
Iran is also believed to have a strong influence among extremist groups in the region, such as Hamas in Gaza and Hezbollah in Lebanon.
This situation has escalated in the past and may potentially escalate in the future to violent events which may affect Israel and us.
Our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected if major hostilities involving
Israel should occur or if trade between Israel and its current trading partners is interrupted or curtailed. 

All adult male permanent residents
of Israel, unless exempt, may be required to perform military reserve duty annually. Additionally, all such residents are subject to being
called to active duty at any time under emergency circumstances. Some of our officers, directors and employees currently are or in the
future may be obligated to perform annual military reserve duty. We can provide no assurance that such requirements will not have a material
adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations in the future, particularly if emergency circumstances
occur. 

Because we received grants
from the Israel Innovation Authority of the Israeli Ministry of Economy Industry we are subject to ongoing restrictions. 

We received royalty-bearing
grants from the Israel Innovation Authority of the Israeli Ministry of Economy Industry, or IIA, for research and development programs
that meet specified criteria. We did not recognize any grants in fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019. We do not expect to receive further grants
from the IIA in the future. The terms of the IIA grants limit our ability to transfer know-how developed under an approved research and
development program outside of Israel, regardless of whether the royalties were fully paid. 

It may be difficult to
enforce a U.S. judgment against us or our officers and directors and to assert U.S. securities laws claims in Israel. 

Almost all of our directors
and officers are nationals and/or residents of countries other than the United States. As a result, service of process upon us, our Israeli
subsidiary and our directors and officers, may be difficult to obtain within the United States. Furthermore, because the majority of our
assets and investments, and most of our directors and officers are located outside the United States, it may be difficult for investors
to enforce within the United States any judgments obtained against us or any such officers or directors. Additionally, it may be difficult
to assert U.S. securities law claims in original actions instituted in Israel. Israeli courts may refuse to hear a claim based on a violation
of U.S. securities laws because Israel is not the most appropriate forum in which to bring such a claim. In addition, even if an Israeli
court agrees to hear a claim, it may determine that Israeli law and not U.S. law is applicable to such claim. If U.S. law is found to
be applicable, the content of applicable U.S. law must be proved as a fact, which can be a time-consuming and costly process. Certain
matters of procedure will also be governed by Israeli law. 

18 

Subject to specified time
limitations and legal procedures, under the rules of private international law currently prevailing in Israel, Israeli courts may enforce
a U.S. judgment in a civil matter, including a judgment based upon the civil liability provisions of the U.S. securities laws, as well
as a monetary or compensatory judgment in a non-civil matter, provided that the following key conditions are met: 

subject to limited exceptions, the judgment is final and non-appealable; 

the judgment was given by a court competent under the laws of the state in which the court is located and is otherwise enforceable in such state; 

the judgment was rendered by a court competent under the rules of private international law applicable in Israel; 

the laws of the state in which the judgment was given provides for the enforcement of judgments of Israeli courts; 

adequate service of process has been effected and the defendant has had a reasonable opportunity to present its arguments and evidence; 

the judgment and its enforcement are not contrary to the law, public policy, security or sovereignty of the State of Israel; 

the judgment was not obtained by fraud and does not conflict with any other valid judgment in the same matter between the same parties; and 

an action between the same parties in the same matter was not pending in any Israeli court at the time the lawsuit was instituted in the U.S. court. 

If any of these conditions are not met,
Israeli courts will likely not enforce the applicable U.S. judgment. 

General Risk Factors 

Changes to tax laws could
have a negative effect on us or our stockholders. 

At any time, the U.S. federal
or state income tax laws, or the administrative interpretations of those laws, may be amended. Federal and state tax laws are constantly
under review by persons involved in the legislative process, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, the U.S. Department of the Treasury and
state taxing authorities. Changes to the tax laws, regulations and administrative interpretations, which may have retroactive application,
could adversely affect us. Our stockholders are encouraged to consult with their tax advisors about the potential effects that changes
in law may have on them and their ownership of our securities. 

As the market price of
our common stock may fluctuate significantly, this may make it difficult for you to sell your shares of common stock when you want or
at prices you find attractive. 

The price of our common stock
is currently listed on Nasdaq and on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange and constantly changes. In recent years, the stock market in general
has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. We expect that the market price of our common stock will continue to fluctuate.
These fluctuations may result from a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. These factors include: 

Clinical trial results and the timing of the release of such results, 

The amount of cash resources and our ability to obtain additional funding, 

Announcements of research activities, business developments, technological innovations or new products by us or our competitors, 

Entering into or terminating strategic relationships, 

Changes in government regulation, 

The impact of the recent outbreak of COVID-19 on our business or on the economy generally, 

Departure of key personnel, 

Disputes concerning patents or proprietary rights, 

19 

Changes in expense level, 

Future sales of our equity or equity-related securities, 

Public concern regarding the safety, efficacy or other aspects of the products or methodologies being developed, 

Activities of various interest groups or organizations, 

Media coverage, and 

Status of the investment markets. 

Future sales of common
stock or the issuance of securities senior to our common stock or convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, our common stock
could materially adversely affect the trading price of our common stock, and our ability to raise funds in new equity offerings. 

Future sales of substantial
amounts of our common stock, including pursuant to our New Equity Distribution Agreement (as defined below), or other equity-related securities
in the public market or privately, or the perception that such sales could occur, could adversely affect prevailing trading prices of
our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through future offerings of equity or other equity-related securities.
We anticipate that we will need to raise capital through offerings of equity and equity related securities. We can make no prediction
as to the effect, if any, that future sales of shares of our common stock or equity-related securities, or the availability of shares
of common stock for future sale, will have on the trading price of our common stock. 

Our stockholders may experience
significant dilution as a result of any additional financing using our equity securities. 

To the extent that we raise
additional funds by issuing equity securities, including pursuant to our New Equity Distribution Agreement (as defined below), our stockholders
may experience significant dilution. 

Our management will have
significant flexibility in using the net proceeds of any offering of securities. 

We intend generally to use
the net proceeds from any offerings of our securities for expenses related to our clinical trials, research and product development activities,
and for general corporate purposes, including general working capital purposes. Our management will have significant flexibility in applying
the net proceeds of any such offering. The actual amounts and timing of expenditures will vary significantly depending on a number of
factors, including the amount of cash used in our operations and our research and development efforts. Management s failure to use
these funds effectively would have an adverse effect on the value of our common stock and could make it more difficult and costly to raise
funds in the future. 

Delaware law could discourage
a change in control, or an acquisition of us by a third party, even if the acquisition would be favorable to you, and thereby adversely
affect existing stockholders. 

The Delaware General Corporation
Law contains provisions that may have the effect of making more difficult or delaying attempts by others to obtain control of the Company,
even when these attempts may be in the best interests of stockholders. Delaware law imposes conditions on certain business combination
transactions with interested stockholders. These provisions and others that could be adopted in the future could deter unsolicited
takeovers or delay or prevent changes in our control or management, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive
a premium for their shares of common stock over then current market prices. These provisions may also limit the ability of stockholders
to approve transactions that they may deem to be in their best interests. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 

We believe that our existing
facilities are suitable and adequate to meet our current business requirements. In the event that we should require additional or alternative
facilities, we believe that such facilities can be obtained on short notice at competitive rates. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

From time to time we may become
subject to litigation incidental to our business. We are not currently a party to any material legal proceedings. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

20 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market Price for our Common Stock 

Our common stock is traded
on Nasdaq and on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange, in each case under the symbol ORMP. 

Holders 

As of November 24, 2021, there
were 38,086,020 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding held of record by approximately 34 registered stockholders. We believe
that a significant number of stockholders hold their shares of our common stock in brokerage accounts and registered in the name of stock
depositories and are therefore not included in the number of stockholders of record. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and
Use of Proceeds 

No unregistered sales of equity
securities were made during the three months ended August 31, 2021. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The following discussion and
analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements
and the related notes included elsewhere herein and in our consolidated financial statements. 

In addition to our consolidated
financial statements, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our
actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute
to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly in Cautionary
Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Overview of Operations 

We are a pharmaceutical company
currently engaged in the research and development of innovative pharmaceutical solutions, including an orally ingestible insulin capsule
to be used for the treatment of individuals with diabetes, and the use of orally ingestible capsules or pills for delivery of other polypeptides.
An overview of our current clinical studies can be found in Item 1. Business - Research and Development. 

21 

Results of Operations 

Critical accounting
policies 

Our significant accounting
policies are more fully described in the notes to our accompanying consolidated financial statements. We believe that the accounting policies
below are critical for one to fully understand and evaluate our financial condition and results of operations. 

The discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which we prepared in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the consolidated financial statements, as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. On an
ongoing basis, we evaluate such estimates and judgments. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that
we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of
assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions. 

Valuation of options
and warrants : We grant options to purchase shares of our common stock to employees and consultants and have and may in the future
issue warrants in connection with some of our financings and to certain other consultants. 

We account for share-based
payments to employees, directors and consultants in accordance with the guidance that requires awards classified as equity awards to be
accounted for using the grant-date fair value method. The fair value of share-based payment transactions is based on the Black Scholes
option-pricing model or Monte Carlo model when appropriate and is recognized as an expense over the vesting period. 

We elected to recognize compensation
cost for awards to employees, directors and consultants that have a graded vesting schedule using the accelerated method based on the
multiple-option award approach. 

Revenue recognition :
Revenue is recognized when delivery has occurred, evidence of an arrangement exists, title and risks and rewards for the products are
transferred to the customer and collection is reasonably assured. 

Under Accounting Standards
Codification, or ASC, 605 (which was the authoritative revenue recognition guidance applied for all periods prior to September 1, 2018)
given our continuing involvement through the expected product submission in June 2023, amounts received relating to the License Agreement
were recognized over the period from which we were entitled to the respective payment, and the expected product submission date using
a time-based model approach over the periods that the fees were earned. 

However, under ASC 606, we
are required to recognize the total transaction price (which includes consideration related to milestones once the criteria for recognition
have been satisfied) using the input method over the period the performance obligation is fulfilled. Accordingly, once the consideration
associated with a milestone is included in the transaction price, incremental revenue is recognized immediately based on the period of
time that has elapsed towards complete satisfaction of the performance obligation. 

Since the customer benefits
from the services as the entity performs, revenue is recognized over time through the expected product submission date in June 2023, using
the input method. The Company used the input method to measure the process for the purpose of recognizing revenue, which approximates
the straight line attribution. The Company used significant judgment when it determined the product submission date. 

Under ASC 606, the consideration
that the Company would be entitled to upon the achievement of contractual milestones, which are contingent upon the occurrence of future
events, are a form of variable consideration. When assessing the portion, if any, of such milestones-related consideration to be included
in the transaction price, the Company first assesses the most likely outcome for each milestone and excludes the consideration related
to milestones of which the occurrence is not considered the most likely outcome. 

The Company then evaluates
if any of the variable consideration determined in the first step is constrained by including in the transaction price variable consideration
to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty
associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. The Company used significant judgment when it determined the first
step of variable consideration. 

22 

Comparison of Fiscal
2021 to Fiscal 2020 

The following table summarizes
certain statements of operations data for us for the twelve month periods ended August 31, 2021 and 2020: 

Year ended August 31, 
 
 Operating Data: 
 2021 
 2020 

(dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Revenues 
 2,703 
 2,710 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 - 
 - 
 
 Research and development expenses 
 20,989 
 10,235 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 5,937 
 4,232 
 
 Financial income, net 
 1,234 
 246 
 
 Loss before taxes on income 
 22,989 
 11,511 
 
 Taxes on income 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss for the year 
 22,989 
 11,511 

Net loss attributable to Company s shareholders 
 22,238 
 11,511 
 
 Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 
 751 
 - 
 
 Net loss for the year 
 22,989 
 11,511 

Loss per common share basic and diluted 
 0.78 
 0.56 
 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding 
 28,469,068 
 20,532,347 

Revenues 

Revenues consist of proceeds
related to the License Agreement that are recognized over the period from which the Company is entitled to the respective payments and
through June 2023. 

Revenues for fiscal 2021 totaled
 2,703,000, consistent with 2,710,000 for fiscal 2020. 

Cost of revenues 

Cost of revenues consists
of royalties related to the License Agreement that will be paid over the term of the License Agreement in accordance with revenue recognition
accounting and the Law for the Encouragement of Industrial Research, Development and Technological Innovation, 1984, as amended, including
any regulations or tracks promulgated thereunder, or the R D Law. 

There were no cost of revenues
for fiscal 2021 and 2020. 

Research and development
expenses 

Research and development expenses
include costs directly attributable to the conduct of research and development programs, including the cost of salaries, employee benefits,
costs of materials, supplies, the cost of services provided by outside contractors, including services related to our clinical trials,
clinical trial expenses, the full cost of manufacturing drugs for use in research and preclinical development. All costs associated with
research and development are expensed as incurred. 

Clinical trial costs are a
significant component of research and development expenses and include costs associated with third-party contractors. We outsource a substantial
portion of our clinical trial activities, utilizing external entities such as CROs, independent clinical investigators and other third-party
service providers to assist us with the execution of our clinical studies. 

Clinical activities which
relate principally to clinical sites and other administrative functions to manage our clinical trials are performed primarily by CROs.
CROs typically perform most of the start-up activities for our trials, including document preparation, site identification, screening
and preparation, pre-study visits, training and program management. 

Clinical trial and pre-clinical
trial expenses include regulatory and scientific consultants compensation and fees, research expenses, purchase of materials, cost
of manufacturing of the oral insulin and exenatide capsules, payments for patient recruitment and treatment, as well as salaries and related
expenses of research and development staff. 

23 

From August 2009 to March
2014, Oramed Ltd. was awarded five government grants amounting to a total net amount of NIS 8 million (approximately 2,194,000 during
such period) from the IIA. We used the funds to support further research and development and clinical studies of our oral insulin capsule
and oral GLP-1 analog during the period from February 2009 to December 2014. The five grants are subject to repayment according to the
terms determined by the IIA and applicable law. See Government grants below. 

Research and development
expenses for fiscal 2021 increased by 105 to 20,989,000 from 10,235,000 for fiscal 2020. The increase is primarily due to an increase
in expenses related to our Phase III clinical trial in addition to expenses related to the in process research and development costs related
to Oravax, partially offset by a decrease in expenses related to our Phase II clinical trial. During fiscal 2021, stock-based compensation
costs totaled 1,120,000, as compared to 458,000 during fiscal 2020. The increase is mainly attributable to new grants in fiscal 2021. 

Government grants 

The Government of Israel encourages
research and development projects through the IIA, pursuant to the R D Law. Under the R D Law, a research and development plan
that meets specified criteria is generally eligible for a grant of up to 50 of certain approved research and development expenditures.
Each plan must be approved by the IIA. 

In fiscals 2021 and 2020,
we did not recognize any research and development grants. As of August 31, 2021, our liability to pay royalties to the IIA was 243,000. 

Under the terms of the grants
we received from the IIA, we are obligated to pay royalties of 3 on all revenues derived from the sale of the products developed pursuant
to the funded plans, including revenues from licensed ancillary services. Royalties are generally payable up to a maximum amount equaling
100 of the grants received (dollar linked) with the addition of interest at an annual rate based on the LIBOR rate. 

The R D Law generally
requires that a product developed under a program be manufactured in Israel. However, when applying for a grant, the applicant may declare
that part of the manufacturing will be performed outside of Israel or by non-Israeli residents and if the IIA is convinced that performing
some of the manufacturing abroad is essential for the execution of the program, it may still approve the grant. This declaration will
be a significant factor in the determination of the IIA as to whether to approve a program and the amount and other terms of the benefits
to be granted. If a company wants to increase the volume of manufacturing outside of Israel after the grant has been approved, it may
transfer up to 10 of the company s approved Israeli manufacturing volume, measured on an aggregate basis, outside of Israel after
first notifying the IIA thereof (provided that the IIA does not object to such transfer within 30 days). In addition, upon the approval
of the IIA, a portion greater than 10 of the manufacturing volume may be performed outside of Israel. In any case of transfer of manufacturing
out of Israel, the grant recipient is required to pay royalties at an increased rate, which may be substantial, and the aggregate repayment
amount is increased up to 120 , 150 or 300 of the grant, depending on the portion of the total manufacturing volume that is performed
outside of Israel. The approval we received from the IIA for the License Agreement was subject to payment of increased royalties and an
increased ceiling, all in accordance with the provisions of the R D Law. The R D Law further permits the IIA, among other things,
to approve the transfer of manufacturing rights outside of Israel in exchange for the import of different manufacturing into Israel as
a substitute, in lieu of the increased royalties. 

The R D Law also provides
that know-how developed under an approved research and development program may not be transferred or licensed to third parties in Israel
without the approval of the research committee. Such approval is not required for the sale or export of any products resulting from such
research or development. The R D Law further provides that the know-how developed under an approved research and development program
may not be transferred or licensed to any third parties outside Israel absent IIA approval which may be granted in certain circumstances
as follows: (a) the grant recipient pays to the IIA a portion of the sale or license price paid in consideration for the purchase or license
of such IIA-funded know-how or the price paid in consideration for the sale of the grant recipient itself, as the case may be, in accordance
with certain formulas included in the R D Law; (b) the grant recipient receives know-how from a third party in exchange for its IIA-funded
know-how; or (c) such transfer of IIA-funded know-how is made in the context of IIA approved research and development cooperation projects
or consortia. 

24 

The R D Law imposes reporting
requirements with respect to certain changes in the ownership of a grant recipient. The R D Law requires the grant recipient to notify
the IIA of any change in control of the recipient or a change in the holdings of the means of control of the recipient that results in
a non-Israeli entity becoming an interested party in the recipient, and requires the new non-Israeli interested party to undertake to
the IIA to comply with the R D Law. In addition, the rules of the IIA may require the provision of additional information or representations
in respect of certain such events. For this purpose, control is defined as the ability to direct the activities of a company
other than any ability arising solely from serving as an officer or director of the company. A person is presumed to have control if such
person holds 50 or more of the means of control of a company. Means of control refers to voting rights or the right to
appoint directors or the chief executive officer. An interested party of a company includes a holder of 5 or more of its
outstanding share capital or voting rights, its chief executive officer and directors, someone who has the right to appoint its chief
executive officer or at least one director, and a company with respect to which any of the foregoing interested parties holds 25 or more
of the outstanding share capital or voting rights or has the right to appoint 25 or more of the directors. 

Failure to meet the R D
Law s requirements may subject us to mandatory repayment of grants received by us (together with interest and penalties), as well
as expose us to criminal proceedings. In addition, the Israeli government may from time to time audit sales of products which it claims
incorporate technology funded through IIA programs which may lead to additional royalties being payable on additional products. 

General and administrative
expenses 

General and administrative
expenses include the salaries and related expenses of our management, consulting costs, legal and professional fees, travel expenses,
business development costs, insurance expenses and other general costs. 

General and administrative
expenses increased by 40 from 4,232,000 for fiscal 2020 to 5,937,000 for fiscal 2021. The increase in costs incurred related to general
and administrative activities during fiscal 2021, is primarily attributable to an increase in stock-based compensation costs, an increase
in costs related to the directors and officers insurance policy and an increase in legal expenses, partially offset by a decrease in public
and investor relations expenses. During fiscal 2021, as part of our general and administrative expenses, we incurred expenses of 1,575,000
related to stock-based compensation costs, as compared to an expense of 714,000 during fiscal 2020. The increase is mainly attributable
to new grants during fiscal 2021. 

Financial income, net 

Net financial income, was 1,234,000
for fiscal 2021 as compared to net financial income of 246,000 for fiscal 2020. The increase is mainly attributable to an increase in
the fair market value of some investments. 

Taxes on income 

No taxes on income were recognized
for fiscal 2021 and 2020. 

Fiscal 2020 compared with Fiscal 2019 

For a discussion of fiscal
2020 compared with fiscal 2019, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2020. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

From our inception through
August 31, 2021, we have incurred losses in an aggregate amount of 114,852,000. During that period we have financed our operations through
several private placements of our common stock, as well as public offerings of our common stock, raising a total of 181,492,000, net
of transaction costs. During that period we also received cash consideration of 27,300,000 from the exercise of warrants and options.
We will seek to obtain additional financing through similar sources in the future as needed. As of August 31, 2021, we had 77,245,000
of available cash, 11,044,000 of short term deposits, 25,016,000 of long term deposits and 12,543,000 of marketable securities. 

Management continues to evaluate
various financing alternatives for funding future research and development activities and general and administrative expenses through
fundraising in the public or private equity markets. Although there is no assurance that we will be successful with those initiatives,
management believes that it will be able to secure the necessary financing as a result of future third party investments. Based on our
current cash resources and commitments, we believe we will be able to maintain our current planned development activities and the corresponding
level of expenditures for at least the next 12 months. 

As of August 31, 2021, our
total current assets were 95,337,000 and our total current liabilities were 6,679,000. On August 31, 2021, we had a working capital
surplus of 88,658,000 and an accumulated loss of 114,852,000. As of August 31, 2020, our total current assets were 40,511,000 and our
total current liabilities were 4,536,000. On August 31, 2020, we had a working capital surplus of 35,975,000 and an accumulated loss
of 92,614,000. The increase in working capital surplus from August 31, 2020 to August 31, 2021 was primarily due to an increase in cash
and cash equivalents. 

During fiscal 2021, cash and
cash equivalents increased to 77,245,000 from 19,296,000 as of August 31, 2020, which is due to the reasons described below. 

25 

Operating activities used cash
of 21,181,000 in fiscal 2021 compared to 12,440,000 used in fiscal 2020. Cash used in operating activities in fiscal 2021 and 2020 primarily
consisted of net loss resulting from research and development and general and administrative expenses. 

Investing activities used cash
of 23,764,000 in fiscal 2021, as compared to 4,626,000 provided by investing activities in fiscal 2020. Cash used in investing activities
in fiscal 2021 consisted primarily of the acquisition of short-term and long-term investments, and acquisition of short-term and long-term
marketable securities, partially offset by proceeds from short-term investments and proceeds from the sale of marketable securities. 

Financing activities provided
cash of 102,892,000 in fiscal 2021, as compared to 23,786,000 in fiscal 2020. Cash provided by financing activities during fiscal 2021
consisted of proceeds from our issuance of common stock and proceeds from exercise of warrants and options. Our primary financing activities
since the beginning of fiscal 2021 were as follows: 

During fiscal 2021, 3,175,645 warrants were exercised and 103,782 options were exercised and resulted in the issuance of 3,253,334 shares of common stock. Out of these exercised options, 24,646 options were exercised for cash and 79,136 via cashless method. The cash consideration received for the exercise of options was 125,593. During fiscal 2020, no warrants were exercised and 12,253 options were exercised for cash and resulted in the issuance of 12,253 shares of common stock. The cash consideration received for the exercise of options was 12,253. 

On December 1, 2020, we entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement,
or the New Sales Agreement, pursuant to which we could, from time to time and at our option, issue and sell shares of our common stock
having an aggregate offering price of up to 40,000,000 through a sales agent, subject to certain terms and conditions. Any shares sold
were to be sold pursuant to our effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 including a prospectus dated February 10, 2020 as supplemented
by a prospectus supplement dated December 1, 2020. We paid the sales agent a cash commission of 3.0 of the gross proceeds of the sale
of any shares sold through the sales agent under the New Sales Agreement. As of August 31, 2021, 4,061,956 shares were issued under the
New Sales Agreement for aggregate net proceeds of 38,799,000. 

On June 16, 2021, we entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement,
or the Equity Distribution Agreement, pursuant to which we could, from time to time and at our option, issue and sell shares of our common
stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 28,000,000 through a sales agent, subject to certain terms and conditions. Any shares
sold were to be sold pursuant to our effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 including a prospectus and prospectus supplement,
each dated February 10, 2020 (which superseded a prior registration statement, prospectus and prospectus supplement that related to shares
sold under the Equity Distribution Agreement). We paid the sales agent a cash commission of 3.0 of the gross proceeds of the sale of
any shares sold through the sales agent under the Equity Distribution Agreement. As of August 31, 2021, 1,823,287 shares were issued under
the Equity Distribution Agreement for aggregate net proceeds of 27,119,000. 

On July 15, 2021, we entered into an additional Equity Distribution
Agreement, or the New Equity Distribution Agreement, pursuant to which we may, from time to time and at our option, issue and sell shares
of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 100,000,000 through a sales agent, subject to certain terms and conditions.
Any shares sold was sold pursuant to our effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 including a prospectus and prospectus supplement,
each dated July 15, 2021. We paid the sales agent a cash commission of 3.0 of the gross proceeds of the sale of any shares sold through
the sales agent under the New Equity Distribution Agreement. As of August 31, 2021 and through November 24, 2021, 208,451 and 273,997
shares were respectively issued under the New Equity Distribution Agreement for aggregate net proceeds of 3,884,000 and 5,129,000 respectively. 

On
November 3, 2021, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with several institutional and accredited investors, pursuant to which
we agreed to sell, in a registered direct offering, 2,000,000 shares of our common stock for an aggregate offering price of 50,000,000
to the Purchasers. The net proceeds from this offering were approximately 46,375,000. 

Planned Expenditures 

We invest heavily in research
and development, and we expect that in the upcoming years our research and development expenses, net, will continue to be our major operating
expense. We have expected obligations with respect to an aggregate of approximately 31 million of clinical research obligations over
the next three years. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

We are exposed to a variety
of risks, including changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, changes in the value of our marketable securities and
inflation. 

As of August 31, 2021, we
had 77.2 million in cash and cash equivalents, 36 million in short term and long term bank deposits and 12.5 million in marketable
securities. 

We aim to preserve our financial
assets, maintain adequate liquidity and maximize return while minimizing exposure to market risks. Such policy further provides that we
should hold most of our current assets in bank deposits. As of today, the currency of our financial assets is mainly in U.S. dollars. 

26 

Marketable securities 

We own 1,701,357 common shares
of D.N.A, 117,000 ordinary shares of Entera which are presented in our financial statements as marketable
securities. Marketable securities are presented at fair value and their realization is subject to certain limitations if sold through
the market, and we are therefore exposed to market risk. There is no assurance that at the time of sale of the marketable securities the
price per share will be the same or higher, nor that we will be able to sell all of the securities at once given the volume of securities
we hold. Entera shares are traded on Nasdaq in U.S. dollars, while D.N.A shares are traded on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange and the D.N.A
shares price is denominated in NIS. We are also exposed to changes in the market price of the Entera and D.N.A shares, as well
as to exchange rates fluctuations in the NIS currency compared to the U.S. dollar with respect to the D.N.A shares. 

Interest Rate Risk 

We invest a major portion
of our cash surplus in bank deposits in banks in Israel. Since the bank deposits typically carry fixed interest rates, financial income
over the holding period is not sensitive to changes in interest rates, but only the fair value of these instruments. However, our interest
gains from future deposits may decline in the future as a result of changes in the financial markets. In any event, given the historic
low levels of the interest rate, we estimate that a further decline in the interest rate we are receiving will not result in a material
adverse effect to our business. 

Foreign Currency Exchange Risk and Inflation 

A significant portion of
our expenditures, including salaries, clinical research expenses, consultants fees and office expenses relate to our operations
in Israel. The cost of those Israeli operations, as expressed in U.S. dollars, is influenced by the extent to which any increase in the
rate of inflation in Israel is not offset (or is offset on a lagging basis) by a devaluation of the NIS in relation to the U.S. dollar.
If the U.S. dollar declines in value in relation to the NIS, it will become more expensive for us to fund our operations in Israel. In
addition, as of August 31, 2021, we own net balances in NIS of approximately 1,287,000. Assuming a 10 appreciation of the NIS against
the U.S. dollar, we would experience exchange rate gain of approximately 143,000, while assuming a 10 devaluation of the NIS against
the U.S. dollar, we would experience an exchange rate loss of approximately 117,000. 

The exchange rate of the
U.S. dollar to the NIS, based on exchange rates published by the Bank of Israel, was as follows: 

Year Ended August 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Average rate for period 
 3.292 
 3.490 
 3.623 
 
 Rate at period-end 
 3.207 
 3.362 
 3.535 

We do not use any currency
hedging transactions of options or forwards to decrease the risk of financial exposure from fluctuations in the exchange rate of the U.S.
dollar against the NIS. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA. 

See Item 15 of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of August
31, 2021. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures are effective. 

27 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management, under the
supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over our financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act. The Company s
internal control over financial reporting is defined as a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Internal control over financial
reporting includes policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and asset dispositions; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of our financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding the prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Under the supervision and
with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2021 based on the current framework for Internal Control-Integrated
Framework (2013) set forth by The Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

Based on this evaluation,
our management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of August 31, 2021 at a reasonable
assurance level. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended August 31, 2021 that have materially affected, or are
reasonable likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN
JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

28 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Set forth below is certain
information with respect to the individuals who are our directors and executive officers. 

Name 
 
 Age 

Position 
 
 Nadav Kidron 

47 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Miriam Kidron 

81 

Chief Scientific Officer and Director 

David Silberman 

38 

Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 

Joshua Hexter 

51 

Chief Operating Business Officer 

Michael Rabinowitz 

56 

Chief Commercial Officer 

Aviad Friedman 

50 

Director 

Arie Mayer 

66 

Director 

Kevin Rakin 

61 

Chairman, Director 

Leonard Sank 

57 

Director 

Dr. Miriam Kidron is Mr. Nadav
Kidron s mother. There are no other directors or officers of the Company who are related by blood or marriage. 

Business Experience 

The following is a brief account
of the education and business experience during at least the past five years of each director and our executive officers who are not also
directors, indicating the principal occupation during that period, and the name and principal business of the organization in which such
occupation and employment were carried out. 

Mr. Nadav Kidron was
appointed President, Chief Executive Officer and a director in March 2006. He is also a director of Israel
Advanced Technology Industries organization, and until 2016 was a director of Entera Bio Ltd. In 2009, he was a fellow at the Merage Foundation
for U.S.-Israel Trade Programs for executives in the life sciences field. From 2003 to 2006, he was the managing director of the Institute
of Advanced Jewish Studies at Bar Ilan University. From 2001 to 2003, he was a legal intern at Wine, Mishaiker Ernstoff Law Offices
in Jerusalem, Israel. Mr. Kidron holds an LL.B. and an International MBA from Bar Ilan University, Israel, and is a member of the Israel
Bar Association. 

We believe that Mr. Kidron s
qualifications to serve on our Board include his familiarity with the Company as its founder, his experience in capital markets, as well
as his knowledge and familiarity with corporate management. 

Dr. Miriam Kidron 
was appointed Chief Scientific Officer and a director in March 2006. Dr. Kidron is a pharmacologist and a
biochemist with a Ph.D. in biochemistry. From 1990 to 2007, Dr. Kidron was a senior researcher in the Diabetes Unit at Hadassah University
Hospital in Jerusalem, Israel. During 2003 and 2004, Dr. Kidron served as a consultant to Emisphere Technologies Inc., a company that
specializes in developing broad-based proprietary drug delivery platforms. Dr. Kidron was formerly a visiting professor at the Medical
School at the University of Toronto (Canada), and is a member of the American, European and Israeli Diabetes Associations. Dr. Kidron
is a recipient of the Bern Schlanger Award. 

29 

We believe that Dr. Kidron s
qualifications to serve on our Board include her expertise in the Company s technology, as it is based on her research, as well
as her experience and relevant education in the fields of pharmacology and diabetes. 

Mr. David Silberman 
was appointed Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary effective July 2021. Prior to his appointment, from April
2018 until May 2021, Mr. Silberman served as a Corporate Financial Planning and Analysis associate director and director at Teva Pharmaceutical
Industries Ltd., a global pharmaceutical company, committed to helping patients around the world to access affordable medicines and benefit
from innovations to improve their health. From 2014 to 2018, Mr. Silberman served as Global Internal Audit Senior Manager at Teva Pharmaceutical
Industries Ltd.. From 2009 to 2014, Mr. Silberman provided internal audit and risk management services in the advisory department of Grant
Thornton Fahn Kanne Control Management. From January 2009 until June 2009, Mr. Silberman worked in the audit department of KPMG, a certified
public accounting firm. Mr. Silberman holds a DCG and a DSCG degrees from the French Ministry of higher study and research and is a certified
public accountant in Israel. 

Mr. Joshua Hexter 
was appointed Chief Operating Business Officer , effective September 2019. Prior to his appointment, Mr. Hexter served
as Chief Business Officer at BrainsWay Ltd. (Nasdaq/TASE: BWAY) from 2018 to 2019, a commercial stage medical device company focused on
the development and sale of non-invasive neuromodulation products. From 2013 to 2018, Mr. Hexter served as Chief Operating Officer and
VP Business Development of the Company and from 2007 to 2013, Mr. Hexter was a Director or Executive Director of BioLineRx Ltd. (Nasdaq/TASE:
BLRX), a biopharmaceutical development company dedicated to identifying, in-licensing and developing innovative therapeutic candidates.
Prior to his employment with BioLineRx, Mr. Hexter was a member of the board of directors and Chief Executive Officer of Biosensor Systems
Design, Inc., a company developing market-driven biosensors. Mr. Hexter holds a bachelor s degree from the University of Wisconsin
and a master s degree in management from Boston University. 

Mr. Michael Rabinowitz
 was appointed Chief Commercial Officer , effective August 1, 2021. Prior to his appointment, from June 1993 until
February 2021, Mr. Rabinowitz served in various marketing, sales, business development, and financial leadership roles at the global biopharmaceutical
company Merck Co., where he launched and marketed products in over 30 countries across several disease areas, including launching
billion-dollar oral agents in diabetes and managing a global business. Mr. Rabinowitz holds a Masters Degree from The Carlson School
of Management, University of Minnesota. He has also participated in executive health care programs at the Harvard Business School. 

Mr. Aviad Friedman 
became a director in August 2016. Mr. Friedman is an international businessman and since July 2021, he has been acting as
Director General of Israel s Housing Ministry. From 2007 to 2021, he was Chief Executive Officer of Most Properties 1998 Ltd.. Mr.
Friedman was the first Director General of Israel s Ministry of Diaspora Affairs and served as personal advisor to Prime Minister
Ariel Sharon from 2001 to 2005. Mr. Friedman served as Chief Operating Officer of one of Israel s premier newspapers, Ma ariv
from 2003 to 2007, and has more than 15 years of experience serving on boards of public and private companies including Maayan Ventures,
Capital Point, Rosetta Green Ltd and Aerodrome Groupe Ltd. Mr. Friedman additionally served as an investor and consultant at Rhythmia
Medical Inc. from 2007, and was actively involved in the sale of the company to Boston Scientific in 2012. Mr. Friedman holds a bachelor s
degree and master s degree with honors in Public Administration from Bar-Ilan University. 

We believe that Mr. Friedman s
qualifications to serve on our Board include his experience in serving as a director of public and private companies as well as his knowledge
and familiarity with corporate finance. 

Dr. Arie Mayer 
became a director in December 2019. Dr. Mayer, is currently the Managing Director and Chairman of the Board of Sigma-Aldrich
Israel Ltd. and has held that position since January 2010. Dr. Mayer has held various roles with Sigma-Aldrich Israel Ltd. since 1995
and was instrumental in introducing and developing the Cell Culture and Molecular Biology business for Sigma Aldrich Israel Ltd. Dr. Mayer
holds a Bachelor of Science degree in chemistry from Hebrew University and a Ph.D. in biochemistry from Israel Institute of Technology. 

We believe that Dr. Mayer s
qualifications to serve on our Board include his experience as an executive in the biotechnology industry, as well as his experience and
relevant education in the fields of chemistry and biochemistry. 

30 

Mr. Kevin Rakin 
became a director in August 2016 and Chairman of the Board in July 2017. Mr. Rakin is a co-founder and partner at Quantum
Si Incorporated (formerly HighCape Partners), a growth equity life sciences fund where he has served since 2013. From June 2011 to November
2012, Mr. Rakin was the President of Regenerative Medicine at Shire plc, or Shire, a leading specialty biopharmaceutical company. Prior
to joining Shire, Mr. Rakin served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Advanced BioHealing, Inc. from 2007 until its acquisition
by Shire for 750 million in June 2011. Mr. Rakin currently serves on the boards of Quantum-Si Inc. (Nasdaq: QSI), Aziyo Biologics Inc.
(Nasdaq: AZYO) and Nyxoah SA (Nasdaq: NYXH) as well as a number of private companies. Mr. Rakin holds an MBA from Columbia University
and received his graduate and undergraduate degrees in Commerce from the University of Cape Town, South Africa. 

We believe that Mr. Rakin s
qualifications to serve on our Board include his extensive experience as an executive in the biotechnology industry, as well as his service
in positions in various companies as a chief executive officer, chief financial officer and president and his involvement in public and
private financings and mergers and acquisitions in the biotechnology industry. 

Mr. Leonard Sank 
became a director in October 2007. Mr. Sank is a South African entrepreneur and businessman, whose interests lie in entrepreneurial
endeavors and initiatives, with over 25 years experience of playing significant leadership roles in developing businesses. Mr.
Sank serves on the boards of a few national businesses and local non-profit charity organizations in Cape Town, where he resides. 

We believe that Mr. Sank s
qualifications to serve on our Board include his years of experience in development stage businesses, as well as his experience serving
as a director of many entities. 

Board of Directors 

There are no agreements with
respect to the election of directors. Each director is elected for a period of one year at our annual meeting of stockholders and serves
until the next such meeting and until his or her successor is duly elected or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. The Board
may also appoint additional directors. A director so chosen or appointed will hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders
and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. The Board has determined
that Aviad Friedman, Arie Mayer, Kevin Rakin and Leonard Sank are independent as defined under the rules promulgated by Nasdaq. 

We have determined that each
of the directors is qualified to serve as a director of the Company based on a review of the experience, qualifications, attributes and
skills of each director. In reaching this determination, we have considered a variety of criteria, including, among other things: character
and integrity; ability to review critically, evaluate, question and discuss information provided, to exercise effective business judgment
and to interact effectively with the other directors; and willingness and ability to commit the time necessary to perform the duties of
a director. 

Board Meeting Attendance 

During fiscal 2021, our
Board held 15 meetings and took actions by written consent on 13 occasions. Board members are encouraged to attend our annual
meetings of stockholders. 

All of our directors, except
Mr. Gao Xiaoming, whose term as a director expired on August 30, 2021, attended at least 75 of the aggregate number of meetings of the
Board and the committees that were held during the period such director served on the Board. 

Committees 

Audit Committee and Audit
Committee Financial Expert 

The members of our Audit Committee
are Aviad Friedman, Arie Mayer and Kevin Rakin. Our Board has determined that Aviad Friedman is an audit committee financial expert 
as set forth in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K and that all members of the Audit Committee are independent as defined
by the rules of the SEC and the Nasdaq rules and regulations. The Audit Committee operates under a written charter that is posted on the
 Investors section of our website, www.oramed.com. The primary responsibilities of our Audit Committee include: 

Overseeing the accounting and financial reporting processes of the Company and the audits of the financial statements of the Company; 

Appointing, compensating and retaining our registered independent public accounting firm; 

Overseeing the work performed by any outside accounting firm; 

Assisting the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities by reviewing: (i) the financial reports provided by us to the SEC, our stockholders or to the general public and (ii) our internal financial and accounting controls; and 

Recommending, establishing and monitoring procedures designed to improve the quality and reliability of the disclosure of our financial condition and results of operations. 

31 

Compensation Committee 

The members of our Compensation
Committee are Aviad Friedman, Kevin Rakin and Leonard Sank. The Board has determined that all of the members of the Compensation Committee
are independent as defined by the rules of the SEC and Nasdaq rules and regulations. The Compensation Committee operates
under a written charter that is posted on the Investors section of our website, www.oramed.com. The primary responsibilities
of our Compensation Committee include: 

Reviewing, negotiating and approving, or recommending for approval by our Board the salaries and incentive compensation of our executive officers; 

Administering our equity based plans and making recommendations to our Board with respect to our incentive-compensation plans and equity-based plans; and 

Making recommendations to our Board with respect to director compensation. 

Nominating Committee 

The members of our Nominating Committee are Arie Mayer and Kevin Rakin.
The Board has determined that all of the members of the Nominating Committee are independent as defined by the rules of
the SEC and Nasdaq rules and regulations. The Nominating Committee operates under a written charter that is posted on the Investors 
section of our website, www.oramed.com . The primary responsibilities of our Nominating Committee include: 

Overseeing the composition and size of the Board, developing qualification criteria for Board members and actively seeking, interviewing and screening individuals qualified to become Board members for recommendation to the Board; 

Recommending the composition of the Board for each annual meeting of stockholders; and 

Reviewing periodically with the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer the succession plans relating to positions held by directors, and making recommendations to the Board with respect to the selection and development of individuals to occupy those positions. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Based solely upon a review
of Forms 3, 4 and 5, and amendments thereto, furnished to us during fiscal 2021, we believe that during fiscal 2021, our executive officers,
directors and all persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities complied with all Section 16(a)
filing requirements, except: (a) Avraham Gabay, our former Chief Financial Officer, failed to timely file a Form 4 reporting his February
3, 2021 acquisition of options to purchase 40,000 shares of our common stock. Mr. Gabay filed a Form 4 reporting this transaction on February
8, 2021, (b) Joshua Hexter, our Chief Operating Business Officer, failed to timely file a Form 4 reporting his February 3, 2021
acquisition of options to purchase 50,000 shares of our common stock. Mr. Hexter filed a Form 4 reporting this transaction on February
8, 2021, (c) Nadav Kidron, our President, Chief Executive Officer and one of our directors, failed to timely file a Form 4 reporting his
February 3, 2021 acquisition of options to purchase 150,000 shares of our common stock. Mr. Kidron filed a Form 4 reporting this transaction
on February 8, 2021 and (d) Miriam Kidron, our Chief Scientific Officer and one of our directors, failed to timely file a Form 4 reporting
her February 3, 2021 acquisition of options to purchase 100,000 shares of our common stock. Ms. Kidron filed a Form 4 reporting this transaction
on February 8, 2021. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of
Ethics and Business Conduct for our senior officers, directors and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct is located
at our website at www.oramed.com. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement regarding any amendment to, or a waiver from, a provision
of the Code of Ethics that applies to our Chief Executive Officer, or CEO, Chief Financial Officer or controller, or persons performing
similar functions and that relates to the Code of Ethics by posting such information on our website, www.oramed.com. 

32 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

This section explains the
policies and decisions that shape our executive compensation program, including its specific objectives and elements, as it relates to
our named executive officers, or NEOs. Our NEOs for fiscal 2021 are those four individuals listed in the Summary
Compensation Table below. The Compensation Committee believes that our executive compensation is appropriately designed to incentivize
our named executive officers to work for our long-term prosperity, is reasonable in comparison with the levels of compensation provided
by comparable companies and reflects a reasonable cost. We believe our named executive officers are critical to the achievement of our
corporate goals, through which we can drive stockholder value. 

The Compensation Committee
of our Board is comprised solely of independent directors as defined by Nasdaq and non-employee directors as defined by Rule 16b-3 under
the Exchange Act. The Compensation Committee has the authority and responsibility to review and approve the compensation of our CEO and
other executive officers. Other information concerning the structure, roles and responsibilities of our Compensation Committee is set
forth in Board Meetings and Committees Compensation Committee section. 

Our executive compensation
program and our NEOs compensation packages are designed around the following objectives: 

attract, hire, and retain talented and experienced executives; 

motivate, reward and retain executives whose knowledge, skills and performance are critical to our success; 

ensure fairness among the executive management team via recognizing the contributions of each executive to our success; 

focus executive behavior on achievement of our corporate objectives and strategy; and 

align the interests of management and stockholders by providing management with longer-term incentives through equity ownership. 

The Compensation Committee
reviews the allocation of compensation components regularly to ensure alignment with strategic and operating goals, competitive market
practices and legislative changes. The Compensation Committee does not apply a specific formula to determine the allocation between cash
and non-cash forms of compensation. Certain compensation components, such as base salaries, benefits and perquisites, are intended primarily
to attract, hire, and retain well-qualified executives. Other compensation elements, such as long-term incentive opportunities, are designed
to motivate and reward performance. Long-term incentives are intended to reward NEOs for our long-term performance and executing our business
strategy, and to strongly align NEOs interests with those of stockholders. 

With respect to equity compensation,
the Compensation Committee makes awards to executives under our 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, or the 2019 Plan.
Executive compensation is paid or granted based on such matters as the Compensation Committee deems appropriate, including our financial
and operating performance and the alignment of the interests of the executive officers and our stockholders. 

Elements of Compensation 

Our executive officer compensation
program is comprised of: (i) base salary or monthly compensation; (ii) discretionary bonus; (iii) long-term equity incentive compensation
in the form of stock option grants; and (iv) benefits and perquisites. 

In establishing overall executive
compensation levels and making specific compensation decisions for our NEOs in fiscal 2021, the Compensation Committee considered a number
of criteria, including the executive s position, scope of responsibilities, prior base salary and annual incentive awards and expected
contribution. 

Generally, our Compensation
Committee reviews and, as appropriate, approves compensation arrangements for the NEOs from time to time but not less than once each year.
The Compensation Committee also takes into consideration the CEO s recommendations for executive compensation of the other NEOs.
The CEO generally presents these recommendations at the time of our Compensation Committee s review of executive compensation arrangements. 

33 

Base Salary 

The Compensation Committee
performs a review of base salaries and monthly compensation for our NEOs from time to time as appropriate. In determining salaries, the
Compensation Committee members also take into consideration the scope of the NEOs responsibilities and independent third-party
market data, such as compensation surveys to industry, individual experience and performance and contribution to our clinical, regulatory,
commercial and operational performance. None of the factors above has a dominant weight in determining the compensation of our named executive
officers, and our Compensation Committee considers the factors as a whole when considering such compensation. In addition, our Compensation
Committee uses comparative data regarding compensation paid by peer companies in order to obtain a general understanding of current trends
in compensation practices and ranges of amounts being awarded by other public companies, and not as part of an analysis or a formula. 

We believe that a competitive
base salary and monthly compensation is a necessary element of any compensation program that is designed to attract and retain talented
and experienced executives. We also believe that attractive base salaries can motivate and reward executives for their overall performance.
Base salary and monthly compensation are established in part based on the individual experience, skills and expected contributions to
our performance, as well as such executive s performance during the prior year. Generally, we believe that executives base
salaries should be targeted near the median of the range of salaries for executives in similar positions with similar responsibilities,
experience and performance at comparable companies. Compensation adjustments are made occasionally based on changes in an executive s
level of responsibility, company progress or on changed local and specific executive employment market conditions. 

In fiscal 2021, our Compensation
Committee increased the base salary of one of our NEOs by 15 as it deemed this to be a reasonable rate based on, among other factors,
such NEO s increased responsibilities and time passed since the last salary increase. 

Performance Based Bonus 

Our NEOs are eligible to
receive discretionary annual bonuses based upon performance. The amount of annual bonus to our NEOs is based on various factors, including,
among others, the achievement of scientific and business goals and our financial and operational performance. The Compensation Committee
takes into account the overall performance of the individuals, as well as the overall performance of the Company over the period being
reviewed and the recommendation of management. For any given year, the compensation objectives vary, but relate generally to strategic
factors such as developments in our clinical path, the execution of a license agreement for the commercialization of product candidates,
the establishment of key strategic collaborations, the build-up of our pipeline and financial factors such as capital raising. Bonuses
are awarded generally based on corporate performance, with adjustments made within a range for individual performance, at the discretion
of the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee determines, on a discretionary basis, the size of the entire bonus pool and
the amount of the actual award to each NEO. The overall payment is also based on historic compensation of the NEOs. 

We believe that annual bonuses
payable based on the achievement of short-term corporate goals incentivize our NEOs to create stockholder value and attain short-term
performance objectives. 

Long-Term Equity Incentive Compensation 

Long-term incentive compensation
allows the NEOs to share in any appreciation in the value of our common stock. The Compensation Committee believes that stock participation
aligns executive officers interests with those of our stockholders. Equity incentive awards are generally made at the commencement
of employment and following a significant change in job responsibilities, or to meet other special retention or performance objectives.
The amounts of the awards are designed to reward past performance and create incentives to meet long-term objectives. Awards are made
at a level expected to be competitive within the biotechnology industry, as well as with Israeli-based companies. Awards are made on a
discretionary basis and not pursuant to specific criteria set out in advance. In determining the amount of each grant, the Compensation
Committee also takes into account the number of shares held by the executive prior to the grant. The vesting schedule for NEOs generally
provides for annual installments for new grants, though the Compensation Committee also utilizes quarterly vesting from time to time,
as well as performance-based vesting. The Compensation Committee believes that time-based vesting encourages recipients to build stockholder
value over a long period of time and that performance-based vesting encourages recipients to achieve goals that benefit the Company. 

Benefits and Perquisites 

Generally, benefits available
to NEOs are available to all employees on similar terms and include welfare benefits, paid time-off, life and disability insurance and
other customary or mandatory social benefits in Israel. We provide our NEOs with a phone and a company car, which are customary benefits
in Israel to managers and officers. 

34 

We do not believe that the
benefits and perquisites described above deviate materially from the customary practice for compensation of executive officers by other
companies similar in size and stage of development in Israel. These benefits represent a relatively small portion of the executive officers 
total compensation. 

The Company pays for certain
direct costs, related taxes and expenses incurred in connection with the relocation of our CEO to United States. During fiscal 2021, such
relocation expenses totaled approximately 377,000, and included mainly payments intended to reflect the difference in the cost of living
between Israel and the United States, relocation expenses, accommodation allowances, education allowances, health insurance and related
taxes. 

Say-on-Pay Vote 

Our stockholders
approved, on an advisory basis, our executive compensation program at our annual meeting of stockholders held on August 3, 2020. We did
not seek or receive any specific feedback from our stockholders concerning our executive compensation program during the past fiscal year.
The Compensation Committee did not specifically rely on the results of the prior vote in making any compensation-related decisions during
fiscal 2021. 

REPORT OF THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE 

The Compensation Committee
has reviewed and discussed the foregoing Compensation Discussion and Analysis required by Item 402(b) of Regulation S-K with our management
and, based on such review and discussions, the Compensation Committee recommended to our Board that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis
be included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our proxy statement relating to our next annual meeting of stockholders. 

Compensation Committee Members: 

Aviad Friedman 

Kevin Rakin 

Leonard Sank 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

The following table sets forth the compensation
earned by our NEOs for fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year (1) 
 Salary ) (2) 
 Bonus ) (2)(3) 
 RSUs Awards ) (4) 
 Option Awards ) (4)(5) 
 All Other Compensation ) (2)(6) 
 Total ) 
 
 Nadav Kidron 
 2021 
 465,982 
 300,000 
 1,995,666 
 876,693 
 382,240 
 4,020,581 
 
 President and CEO and director (7) 
 2020 
 439,076 
 220,582 
 - 
 569,062 
 539,131 
 1,767,851 

2019 
 419,460 
 224,975 
 - 
 398,910 
 507,750 
 1,551,095 

Miriam Kidron 
 2021 
 319,868 
 86,000 
 1,330,451 
 584,462 
 14,193 
 2,334,974 
 
 Chief Scientific Officer and director (8) 
 2020 
 305,840 
 70,000 
 - 
 299,506 
 13,354 
 688,700 

2019 
 267,386 
 123,149 
 - 
 211,128 
 14,503 
 616,166 

Avraham Gabay 
 2021 
 156,113 
 60,000 
 532,174 
 233,785 
 43,616 
 1,025,688 
 
 Former Chief Financial Officer (9) 
 2020 
 130,554 
 15,951 
 - 
 - 
 44,912 
 191,418 

2019 
 32,122 
 - 
 - 
 73,928 
 9,441 
 115,491 

David Silberman 
 2021 
 27,762 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 4,376 
 32,138 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (10) 

Joshua Hexter 
 2021 
 206,223 
 60,000 
 665,215 
 292,231 
 60,720 
 1,284,389 
 
 Chief Operating Business Officer (11) 
 2020 
 190,801 
 12,169 
 - 
 351,128 
 54,735 
 608,833 

2019 
 52,848 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 9,022 
 61,870 

Michael Rabinowitz 
 2021 
 30,015 
 - 
 986,352 
 860,416 
 - 
 1,876,783 
 
 Chief Commercial Officer (12) 

35 

(1) 
 The information is provided for each fiscal year, which begins on September 1 and ends on August 31. 

(2) 
 Amounts paid for Salary, Bonus and All Other Compensation were originally denominated in NIS and were translated into U.S. Dollars at the then current exchange rate for each payment. 

(3) 
 Bonuses were granted at the discretion of the Compensation Committee. 

(4) 
 For RSU awards, the amounts reflect the grant date fair value, as calculated pursuant to FASB ASC Topic 718. The assumptions used to determine the fair value of the RSU awards are set forth in Note 8 to our audited consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our NEOs will not realize the value of these awards in cash unless and until the awards vest and the underlying shares are issued and subsequently sold. 

(5) 
 The amounts reflect the grant date fair value, as calculated pursuant to FASB ASC Topic 718, of these option awards. The assumptions used to determine the fair value of the option awards are set forth in Note 8 to our audited consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our NEOs will not realize the value of these awards in cash unless and until these awards are exercised and the underlying shares subsequently sold. 

(6) 
 Amounts exclude the fair market value of the options that were re-granted on September 11, 2019, as it was offset by the negative amount created by the cancelled options (that is, it was accounted for as a modification under FASB ASC Topic 718, and no incremental compensation expense was recorded). For more information about the regrant see Note 7(a) to our audited consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For more information about the regrant fair market value see Grants of Plan-Based Awards below. 

(6) 
 See All Other Compensation Table below. 

(7) 
 Mr. Kidron receives certain compensation from Oramed Ltd. through KNRY, Ltd., an Israeli entity owned by Dr. Miriam Kidron, or KNRY. See Employment and Consulting Agreements below. 

(8) 
 Dr. Kidron receives compensation from Oramed Ltd. through KNRY. See Employment and Consulting Agreements below. 

(9) 
 Mr. Gabay resigned from his positions, effective July 4, 2021. 

(10) 
 Mr. Silberman was appointed as Chief Financial Officer, effective July 5, 2021. 

(11) 
 Mr. Hexter was appointed Chief Operating Business Officer, effective September 19, 2019. From 2013 to 2018, Mr. Hexter served as Chief Operating Officer and VP Business Development of the Company. 

(12) 
 Mr. Rabinowitz was appointed as Chief Commercial Officer, effective August 1, 2021. 

All Other Compensation Table 

The All Other Compensation 
amounts set forth in the Summary Compensation Table above consist of the following: 

Name 
 Year 
 Automobile- Related Expenses ) 
 Manager s Insurance ) 
 Education Fund ) 
 Relocation Expenses ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Nadav Kidron 
 2021 
 4,926 
 - 
 - 
 377,314 
 382,240 

2020 
 23,438 
 - 
 - 
 515,693 
 539,131 

2019 
 21,090 
 - 
 - 
 486,660 
 507,750 

Miriam Kidron 
 2021 
 14,193 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 14,193 

2020 
 13,354 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 13,354 

2019 
 14,503 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 14,503 

Avraham Gabay 
 2021 
 14,223 
 19,222 
 10,171 
 - 
 43,616 

2020 
 16,625 
 18,606 
 9,681 
 - 
 44,912 

2019 
 2,808 
 4,405 
 2,228 
 - 
 9,441 

David Silberman 
 2021 
 - 
 3,527 
 849 
 - 
 4,376 

Joshua Hexter 
 2021 
 18,163 
 28,327 
 14,230 
 - 
 60,720 

2020 
 13,685 
 26,820 
 14,230 
 - 
 54,735 

2019 
 4,409 
 1,985 
 2,628 
 - 
 9,022 

Michael Rabinowitz 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

36 

Manager s insurance and education funds are customary benefits provided to employees based in Israel. Manager s insurance is a combination of severance savings (in accordance with Israeli law), defined contribution tax-qualified pension savings and disability insurance premiums. An education fund is a savings fund of pre-tax contributions to be used after a specified period of time for educational or other permitted purposes. 

Relocation expenses represents additional compensation for the period during which Mr. Kidron was in the United States. These expenses mainly include relocation expenses, supplemental living expenses, accommodation allowances, education allowances, health insurance and related costs. 

Employment and Consulting Agreements 

On July 1, 2008, Oramed Ltd.
entered into a consulting agreement with KNRY, whereby Mr. Nadav Kidron, through KNRY, provides services as President and Chief Executive
Officer of both the Company and Oramed Ltd., or the Nadav Kidron Consulting Agreement. Additionally, on July 1, 2008, Oramed Ltd. entered
into a consulting agreement with KNRY whereby Dr. Miriam Kidron, through KNRY, provides services as Chief Scientific Officer of both the
Company and Oramed Ltd., or the Miriam Kidron Consulting Agreement. We refer to the Miriam Kidron Consulting Agreement and Nadav Kidron
Consulting Agreement collectively as the Consulting Agreements. 

The Consulting Agreements
are both terminable by either party upon 140 days prior written notice. The Consulting Agreements, as amended, provide that KNRY will
be reimbursed for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with performance of the Consulting Agreements and that Nadav Kidron receives
a monthly consulting fee of NIS 127,570 and Miriam Kidron receives a monthly consulting fee of NIS 92,522. Pursuant to the Consulting
Agreements, KNRY, Nadav Kidron and Miriam Kidron each agree that during the term of the Consulting Agreements and for a 12-month period
thereafter, none of them will compete with Oramed Ltd. nor solicit employees of Oramed Ltd. Starting September 1, 2021, Nadav Kidron receives
a monthly consulting fee of NIS 146,705 and Miriam Kidron receives a monthly consulting fee of NIS 106,400. 

We, through Oramed Ltd., have
entered into an employment agreement with David Silberman as of May 23, 2021, pursuant to which Mr. Silberman was appointed as Chief Financial
Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of the Company and Oramed Ltd., effective July 5, 2021. In accordance with the employment agreement,
as amended, Mr. Silberman s current gross monthly salary is NIS 37,500. In addition, Mr. Silberman is provided with a cellular phone
and a company car allowance pursuant to the terms of his agreement. Starting September 1, 2021, Mr. Silberman s gross monthly salary
is NIS 43,125. 

We, through Oramed Ltd.,
have entered into an employment agreement with Joshua Hexter as of August 18, 2019, pursuant to which Mr. Hexter was appointed as Chief
Operating Business Officer of the Company and Oramed Ltd., effective September 19, 2019. In accordance with the employment agreement,
as amended, Mr. Hexter s current gross monthly salary is NIS 56,000. In addition, Mr. Hexter is provided with a cellular phone and
a company car pursuant to the terms of his agreement. Starting September 1, 2021, Mr. Hexter s gross monthly salary is NIS 64,400. 

We, through Oramed Inc., have
entered into an employment agreement with Michael Rabinowitz as of July 25, 2021, pursuant to which Mr. Rabinowitz was appointed as Chief
Commercial Officer of the Company, effective August 1, 2021. In accordance with the employment agreement, as amended, Mr. Rabinowitz s
current gross monthly salary is 27,500. In addition, Mr. Rabinowitz is entitled to a monthly reimbursement of his cell phones expenses
and medical and dental benefits up to a certain amount per year. 

We have entered into indemnification
agreements with our directors and officers pursuant to which we agreed to indemnify each director and officer for any liability he or
she may incur by reason of the fact that he or she serves as our director or officer, to the maximum extent permitted by law. 

37 

Potential Payments upon
Termination or Change-in-Control 

We have no plans or arrangements
in respect of remuneration received or that may be received by our named executive officers to compensate such officers in the event of
termination of employment (as a result of resignation, retirement, change-in- control) or a change of responsibilities following a change-in-control. 

Pension, Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans 

We have no arrangements or
plans under which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. Our directors and executive
officers may receive stock options, RSUs or restricted shares at the discretion of our Compensation Committee in the future. 

GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS 

The following table shows grants of plan-based
equity awards made to our NEOs during fiscal 2021. Mr. Silberman received no awards during fiscal 2021. 

Name 
 
 Grant Date 

Options Awards: 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Options 
 (#) 

All Other 
 Stock Awards: 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 RSUs 
 (#) 

Grant Date 
 Fair Value of 
 Stock Awards 
 ) 

Nadav Kidron (1) 
 
 02/03/2021 

150,000 

- 

876,693 

Nadav Kidron (2) 
 
 02/03/2021 

- 

300,000 

1,995,666 

Miriam Kidron (3) 
 
 02/03/2021 

100,000 

- 

584,462 

Miriam Kidron (4) 
 
 02/03/2021 

- 

200,000 

1,330,451 

Avraham Gabay (5) 
 
 02/03/2021 

40,000 

- 

233,785 

Avraham Gabay (6) 
 
 02/03/2021 

- 

80,000 

532,174 

Joshua Hexter (7) 
 
 02/03/2021 

50,000 

- 

292,231 

Joshua Hexter (8) 
 
 02/03/2021 

- 

100,000 

665,215 

Michael Rabinowitz (9) 
 
 08/04/2021 

100,000 

- 

860,416 

Michael Rabinowitz (10) 
 
 08/04/2021 

- 

100,000 

986,352 

(1) 
 These options were granted under our 2019 Plan and shall vest in four equal installments of 37,500 on each of December 31, 2021, December 31, 2022, December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024. 

(2) 
 These RSUs were granted under our 2019 Plan and shall vest as follows: 100,000 shall vest upon our common stock achieving a price per share of 15 during 20 days out of any 30-day trading period, 100,000 shall vest upon our common stock achieving a price per share of 25 during 20 days out of any 30-day trading period and 100,000 upon achievement of a certain licensing agreement as specified by the Board of Directors. 

(3) 
 These options were granted under our 2019 Plan and shall vest in four equal installments of 25,000 on each of December 31, 2021, December 31, 2022, December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024. 

(4) 
 These RSUs were granted under our 2019 Plan and shall vest as follows: 66,667 shall vest upon our common stock achieving a price per share of 15 during 20 days out of any 30-day trading period, 66,667 shall vest upon our common stock achieving a price per share of 25 during 20 days out of any 30-day trading period, and 66,666 upon achievement of a certain licensing agreement as specified by the Board of Directors. 

(5) 
 These options were granted under our 2019 Plan and shall vest in four equal installments of 10,000 on each of December 31, 2021, December 31, 2022, December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024. 

(6) 
 These RSUs were granted under our 2019 Plan and shall vest as follows: 26,666 shall vest upon our common stock achieving a price per share of 15 during 20 days out of any 30-day trading period, 26,667 shall vest upon our common stock achieving a price per share of 25 during 20 days out of any 30-day trading period, and 26,667 upon achievement of a certain licensing agreement as specified by the Board of Directors. 

38 

(7) 
 These options were granted under our 2019 Plan and shall vest in four equal installments of 12,500 on each of December 31, 2021, December 31, 2022, December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024. 

(8) 
 These RSUs were granted under our 2019 Plan and shall vest as follows: 33,333 shall vest upon our common stock achieving a price per share of 15 during 20 days out of any 30-day trading period, 33,333 shall vest upon our common stock achieving a price per share of 25 during 20 days out of any 30-day trading period, and 33,334 upon achievement of a certain licensing agreement as specified by the Board of Directors. 

(9) 
 These options were granted under our 2019 Plan. 12,500 shall vest on December 31, 2021, 25,000 on each of December 31, 2022, December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024 and 12,500 on August 4, 2025. 

(10) 
 These RSUs were granted under our 2019 Plan and shall vest as follows: 33,333 shall vest upon our common stock achieving a price per share of 15 during 20 days out of any 30-day trading period, 33,333 shall vest upon our common stock achieving a price per share of 25 during 20 days out of any 30-day trading period, and 33,334 upon achievement of a certain licensing agreement as specified by the Board of Directors. 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 

The following table sets forth
information concerning stock options and stock awards held by the NEOs as of August 31, 2021. 

Option Awards 

Stock Awards 
 
 Name 

Number of 
Securities 
Underlying 
Unexercised 
Options (#) 
 Exercisable 

Number of 
Securities 
Underlying 
Unexercised 
Options (#) 
 Unexercisable 

Option 
Exercise 
Price ) 

Option 
Expiration 
Date 

Number of 
shares that 
have not 
vested 
(#) 

Market 
value of 
shares that 
have not 
vested ) 

Nadav Kidron 

72,000 
 (1) 

- 

4.08 

8/8/22 

47,134 
 (2) 

- 

12.45 

4/9/24 

49,000 
 (3) 

- 

7.77 

6/30/27 

72,750 
 (4) 

24,250 
 (4) 

8.14 

1/31/28 

98,250 
 (10) 

98,250 
 (10)(13) 

3.16 

2/26/29 

47,500 
 (15) 

142,500 
 (15) 

4.80 

1/8/30 

150,000 
 (17) 

10.40 

2/3/31 

200,000 
 (7)(8)(21) 

3,936,000 

Miriam Kidron 

72,000 
 (1) 

- 

4.08 

8/8/22 

47,134 
 (2) 

- 

12.45 

4/9/24 

69,999 
 (5) 

- 

7.77 

6/30/27 

35,250 
 (6) 

11,750 
 (6) 

8.14 

1/31/28 

52,000 
 (11) 

52,000 
 (11)(13) 

3.16 

2/26/29 

25,000 
 (16) 

75,000 
 (16) 

4.80 

1/8/30 

100,000 
 (18) 

10.40 

2/3/31 

133,334 
 (9)(22) 

2,624,013 

Avraham Gabay 

- 
 (12) 

18,500 
 (12)(13) 

3.55 

6/17/29 

40,000 
 (19) 

10.40 

2/3/31 

(26) 

Joshua Hexter 

50,000 
 (14) 

150,000 
 (14) 

3.69 

9/11/29 

66,667 
 (23) 

1,312,007 

50,000 
 (20) 

10.40 

2/3/31 

Michael Rabinowitz 

100,000 
 (24) 

100,000 
 (24) 

15.10 

8/4/31 

100,000 
 (25) 

1,968,000 

39 

(1) 
 On August 8, 2012, 72,000 options were granted to each of Nadav Kidron and Miriam Kidron under the Second Amended and Restated 2008 Stock Incentive Plan, or the 2008 Plan, at an exercise price of 4.08 per share; 21,000 of such options vested immediately on the date of grant and the remainder vested in seventeen equal monthly installments, commencing on August 31, 2012. The options have an expiration date of August 8, 2022. 

(2) 
 On April 9, 2014, 47,134 options were granted to each of Nadav Kidron and Miriam Kidron under the 2008 Plan at an exercise price of 12.45 per share; 15,710 of such options vested on April 30, 2014 and the remainder vested in eight equal monthly installments, commencing on May 31, 2014. The options have an expiration date of April 9, 2024. 

(3) 
 On June 30, 2017, 147,000 options were granted to Nadav Kidron under the 2008 Plan at an exercise price of 7.77 per share; 49,000 of such options vested on December 31, 2017 and the remainder vest in two equal installments of 49,000 on each of December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019, subject to the Company share price reaching the target of 9.50 and 12.50 per share, respectively. The options expire on June 30, 2027. As of August 31, 2021, 98,000 options were forfeited. 

(4) 
 On January 31, 2018,
 97,000 options were granted to Nadav Kidron under the 2008 Plan at an exercise price of 8.14 per share; 72,250 of such options
 vested on each of January 1, 2019, January 1, 2020 and January 1, 2021 and the remainder of 24,250 shall vest on January 1, 2022.
 The options expire on January 31, 2028. 

(5) 
 On June 30, 2017, 69,999 options were granted to Miriam Kidron under the 2008 Plan at an exercise price of 7.77 per share; Such options vested in 3 equal installments of 23,333 on each of December 31, 2017, December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019. The options have an expiration date of June 30, 2027. 

(6) 
 On January 31, 2018, 47,000 options were granted to Miriam Kidron under the 2008 Plan at an exercise price of 8.14 per share; 35,250 of such options vested in three equal installments of 11,750 on each of January 1, 2019, January 1, 2020 and January 1, 2021 and the remainder of 11,750 shall vest on January 1, 2022. The options expire on January 31, 2028. 

(7) 
 On November 13, 2014, 9,788 RSUs, representing a right to receive shares of the Company s common stock, were granted to Nadav Kidron. The RSUs vested in two equal installments, each of 4,894 shares, on November 30 and December 31, 2014. The shares of common stock underlying the RSUs will be issued upon request of the grantee. 

(8) 
 On February 23, 2015, 79,848 RSUs, representing a right to receive shares of the Company s common stock, were granted to Nadav Kidron. The RSUs vested in 23 installments consisting of one installment of 6,654 shares on February 28, 2015 and 22 equal monthly installments of 3,327 shares each, commencing March 31, 2015. The shares of common stock underlying the RSUs will be issued upon request of the grantee. 

(9) 
 On June 30, 2017, 75,000 RSUs, representing a right to receive shares of the Company s common stock, were granted to Miriam Kidron. The RSUs vested immediately, have an exercise price of 0.012 per share of common stock and expire on June 30, 2027. 

(10) 
 On February 26, 2019, 196,500 options were granted to Nadav Kidron under the 2008 Plan at an exercise price of 3.16 per share; 98,250 of such option vested on December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2020 and the remainder shall vest in two equal installments of 49,125 on each of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. The options expire on February 26, 2029. For additional information please see note 13 below. 

(11) 
 On February 26, 2019, 104,000 options were granted to Miriam Kidron under the 2008 Plan at an exercise price of 3.16 per share; 52,000 of such option vested on December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2020 and the remainder shall vest in two equal installments of 26,000 on each of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. The options expire on February 26, 2029. For additional information please see note 13 below. 

(12) 
 On June 17, 2019, 33,146 options were granted to Avraham Gabay under the 2008 Plan at an exercise price of 3.55 per share; 5,396 of the options vested on December 31, 2019 and the remining options shall vest in 3 equal installments of 9,250 on each of December 31, 2020, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. The options expire on June 17, 2029. For additional information please see note 13 below. 

(13) 
 On September 11, 2019, the options in this table were canceled and re-granted under the 2019 Plan in the same amounts and under the same terms as the original grants. 

40 

(14) 
 On September 11, 2019, 200,000 options were granted to Joshua Hexter under the 2019 Plan at an exercise price of 3.69 per share; 100,000 of such options shall vest in 16 equal installments of 6,250 on the first day of every three month period beginning November 1, 2019 and the remaining 100,000 shall vest upon achievement of certain performance conditions, such as consummating licensing agreements and entering into R D collaboration agreements. The options expire on September 11, 2029. 

(15) 
 On January 8, 2020, 190,000 options were granted to Nadav Kidron under the 2019 Plan at an exercise price of 4.80 per share. 47,500 of the options vested on December 31, 2020 and the remainder shall vest in three equal installments of 47,500 on each of December 31, 2021, December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2023. The options expire on January 8, 2030. 

(16) 
 On January 8, 2020, 100,000 options were granted to Miriam Kidron under the 2019 Plan at an exercise price of 4.80 per share. 25,000 of the options vested on December 31, 2020 and the remainder shall vest in three equal installments of 25,000 on each of December 31, 2021, December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2023. The options expire on January 8, 2030. 

(17) 
 On February 3, 2021, 150,000 options were granted to Nadav Kidron under the 2019 Plan at an exercise price of 10.40 per share. Such options shall vest in four equal installments of 37,500 on each of December 31, 2021, December 31, 2022, December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024. The options expire on February 3, 2031. 

(18) 
 On February 3, 2021, 100,000 options were granted to Miriam Kidron under the 2019 Plan at an exercise price of 10.40 per share. Such options shall vest in four equal installments of 25,000 on each of December 31, 2021, December 31, 2022, December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024. The options expire on February 3, 2031. 

(19) 
 On February 3, 2021, 40,000 options were granted to Avraham Gabay under the 2019 Plan at an exercise price of 10.40 per share. Such options shall vest in four equal installments of 10,000 on each of December 31, 2021, December 31, 2022, December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024. The options expire on February 3, 2031. 

(20) 
 On February 3, 2021, 50,000 options were granted to Joshua Hexter under the 2019 Plan at an exercise price of 10.40 per share. Such options shall vest in four equal installments of 12,500 on each of December 31, 2021, December 31, 2022, December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024. The options expire on February 3, 2031. 

(21) 
 On February 3, 2021, 300,000 RSUs, representing a right to receive shares of the Company s common stock, were granted to Nadav Kidron. 100,000 RSUs vested in one installment on August 31, 2021 and the remainder shall vest per the following: 100,000 shares shall vest upon our common stock achieving a specified price per share, and 100,000 shall vest upon our achievement of certain business objectives. The shares of common stock underlying the RSUs will be issued upon request of the grantee. 

(22) 
 On February 3, 2021, 200,000 RSUs, representing a right to receive shares of the Company s common stock, were granted to Miriam Kidron. 66,666 RSUs vested in one installment on August 31, 2021 and the remainder shall vest per the following: 66,667 shares shall vest upon our common stock achieving a specified price per share, and 66,667 shall vest upon our achievement of certain business objectives. The shares of common stock underlying the RSUs will be issued upon request of the grantee. 

(23) 
 On February 3, 2021, 100,000 RSUs, representing a right to receive shares of the Company s common stock, were granted to Joshua Hexter. 33,333 RSUs vested in one installment on August 31, 2021 and the remainder shall vest per the following: 33,333 shares shall vest upon our common stock achieving a specified price per share, and 33,334 shall vest upon our achievement of certain business objectives. The shares of common stock underlying the RSUs will be issued upon request of the grantee. 

(24) 
 On August 4, 2021, 100,000 options were granted to Michael Rabinowitz under the 2019 Plan at an exercise price of 15.10 per share. The options shall vest as follows: 12,500 on December 31, 2021, three equal annual installments of 25,000 on each of December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024 and 12,500 on August 4, 2025. The options expire on August 4, 2031. 

(25) 
 On August 4, 2021, 100,000 RSUs, representing a right to receive shares of the Company s common stock, were granted to Michael Rabinowitz. 66,666 shares shall vest upon our common stock achieving a specified price per share, and 33,334 shall vest upon our achievement of certain business objectives. 

(26) 
 Mr. Gabay resigned from his positions, effective July 4, 2021. Following his resignation, 39,250 options and 53,334 RSUs were forfeited. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

During fiscal 2021, Mr. Aviad Friedman, Mr. Kevin
Rakin and Mr. Leonard Sank served as the members of our Compensation Committee. None of the members of our Compensation Committee is,
or has been, an officer or employee of ours. 

41 

During the last year, none
of our NEOs served as: (1) a member of the compensation committee (or other committee of the Board performing equivalent functions or,
in the absence of any such committee, the entire board of directors) of another entity, one of whose executive officers served on the
compensation committee; (2) a director of another entity, one of whose executive officers served on the compensation committee; or (3)
a member of the compensation committee (or other committee of the board of directors performing equivalent functions or, in the absence
of any such committee, the entire board of directors) of another entity, one of whose executive officers served as a director on our Board. 

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 

The following table provides
information regarding compensation earned by, awarded or paid to each person for serving as a director who is not an executive officer
during fiscal 2021: 

Name of Director 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards (2) (3)
 ) 
 Option Awards (2)
 (3) ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Nadav Kidron (1) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Miriam Kidron (1) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Aviad Friedman 
 20,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 20,000 
 
 Arie Mayer 
 20,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 20,000 
 
 Kevin Rakin 
 20,000 
 217,764 
 98,048 
 - 
 335,812 
 
 Leonard Sank 
 20,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 20,000 
 
 Gao Xiaoming (4) 
 20,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 20,000 

(1) 
 Please refer to the Summary Compensation Table for executive compensation with respect to the named individual. 

(2) 
 As of August 31, 2021, our
 non-employee directors then in office held options to purchase shares of our common stock and RSUs as follows: 

Name of Director 
 Aggregate Number of Shares Underlying Stock Awards 
 Aggregate Number of Shares Underlying Option Awards 
 
 Aviad Friedman 
 - 
 40,857 
 
 Arie Mayer 
 - 
 20,000 
 
 Kevin Rakin 
 30,000 
 28,334 
 
 Leonard Sank 
 - 
 69,867 
 
 Gao Xiaoming 
 - 
 6,666 

(3) 
 The amounts reflect the grant date fair value, as calculated pursuant to FASB ASC Topic 718, of these option awards. The assumptions used to determine the fair value of the option awards are set forth in Note 8 to our audited consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our directors will not realize the value of these awards in cash unless and until these awards are exercised and the underlying shares subsequently sold. 

(4) 
 Gao Xiaoming s term as a director expired on August 30, 2021. 

Our directors are entitled
to reimbursement for reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attendance at meetings of our Board.
Each independent director is entitled to receive as remuneration for his or her service as a member of the Board a sum equal to 20,000
per annum, to be paid quarterly after the close of each quarter. Our executive officers did not receive additional compensation for service
as directors. The Board may award special remuneration to any director undertaking any special services on behalf of us other than services
ordinarily required of a director. 

Other than as described above,
we have no present formal plan for compensating our directors for their service in their capacity as directors. Other than indicated above,
no director received and/or accrued any compensation for his services as a director, including committee participation and/or special
assignments during fiscal 2021. 

42 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

Stock Option Plans 

Our Board adopted the 2008
Plan and the 2019 Plan in order to attract and retain quality personnel. 

The 2008 Plan, which is no
longer utilized for new grants, provided for the grant of stock options, restricted stock, RSUs, and stock appreciation rights, collectively
referred to as awards . Under the 2008 Plan, as amended, 2,400,000 shares were reserved for the grant of awards. As of August
31, 2021, options with respect to 2,287,989 shares had been granted, of which 275,673 had been forfeited, 254,697 had been exercised and
1,166,586 have expired. As of August 31, 2021, 525,824 RSUs had been granted, of which 164,636 have vested and the shares of common stock
underlying those RSUs have not been issued and 34,118 have been forfeited. 

The 2019 Plan provides for
the grant of stock options, restricted stock, RSUs, and stock appreciation rights, collectively referred to as awards. Under
the 2019 Plan, 1,000,000 shares were initially reserved for the grant of awards. On June 29, 2020, and August 3, 2020, respectively, our
Board and stockholders approved to amend and restate the 2019 Plan, the principal change being an increase in the number of shares of
common stock available under the 2019 Plan from 1,000,000 shares to 3,000,000 shares. Stock options granted under the 2019 Plan may be
either incentive stock options under the provisions of Section 422 of the Code, or non-qualified stock options. Under the 2019 Plan, as
amended, 3,000,000 shares are reserved for the grant of awards, which may be issued at the discretion of our Board from time to time.
As of August 31, 2021, options with respect to 1,454,646 shares have been granted, of which 52,584 had been forfeited, 31,312 had been
exercised and none of them were expired. As of August 31, 2021, 810,000 RSUs had been granted, of which 236,665 have vested and the shares
of common stock underlying those RSUs have not been issued and 53,334 have been forfeited. Since the Company had granted options during
the time after the 2008 Plan allegedly terminated, and out of an abundance of caution, the Company canceled these grants and re-granted
certain of the options under 2019 Plan in the same amounts and under the same terms as the original grants. 

The following table sets forth
additional information with respect to our equity compensation plans as of August 31, 2021: 

Plan category 
 Number
 of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, RSUs and rights (a) 
 Weight-
 average exercise price of outstanding options, RSUs and rights (b) 
 Number
 of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a))
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 2,883,085 
 4.57 
 841,272 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 
 Total 
 2,883,085 
 4.57 
 841,272 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

The following table sets forth
certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of November 24, 2021 by: (1) each person who is known by
us to own beneficially more than 5 of our common stock; (2) each director; (3) each of our NEOs listed above under Summary Compensation
Table and (4) all of our directors and current executive officers as a group. On such date, we had 38,086,020 shares of common
stock outstanding. 

As used in the table below
and elsewhere in this form, the term beneficial ownership with respect to a security consists of sole or shared voting power,
including the power to vote or direct the vote, and/or sole or shared investment power, including the power to dispose or direct the disposition,
with respect to the security through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise, including a right to acquire
such power(s) during the next 60 days following November 24, 2021. Inclusion of shares in the table does not, however, constitute an admission
that the named stockholder is a direct or indirect beneficial owner of those shares. Unless otherwise indicated, (1) each person or entity
named in the table has sole voting power and investment power (or shares that power with that person s spouse) with respect to all
shares of common stock listed as owned by that person or entity and (2) the address of each of the individuals named below is: c/o Oramed
Pharmaceuticals Inc., 1185 Avenue of the Americas, Third Floor, New York, NY 10036. 

43 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Percentage 
 of Shares 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 
 
 Nadav Kidron #+ 
 1,601,821 (1) 
 4.1 
 
 Miriam Kidron #+ 
 530,799 (2) 
 1.4 
 
 Aviad Friedman # 
 34,190 (3) 

Avraham Gabay+ 
 - (4) 

David Silberman+ 
 - 

Joshua Hexter+ 
 172,083 (5) 

Michael Rabinowitz+ 
 66,666 (6) 

Arie Mayer # 
 16,333 (7) 

Kevin Rakin # 
 68,671 (8) 

Leonard Sank # 
 202,089 (9) 

All current executive officers and directors, as a group (nine persons) 
 2,692,652 (10) 
 7.0 

Less than 1 

# 
 Director 

+ 
 NEO 

(1) 
 Includes 545,009 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options and 189,636 shares of Common Stock underlying vested RSUs that are issuable upon request. Mr. Nadav s beneficial ownership includes the 218,603 shares of common stock held by Xiaopeng Li, a former director of the Company, over which he holds a proxy. 

(2) 
 Includes 389,133 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options and 141,666 shares of Common Stock underlying vested RSUs that are issuable upon request. 

(3) 
 Includes 34,190 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options. 

(4) 
 Mr. Gabay resigned from his positions, effective July 4, 2021. 

(5) 
 Includes 68,750 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options. 

(6) 
 Includes 33,333 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options and 33,333 shares of Common Stock underlying vested RSUs that are issuable upon request. 

(7) 
 Includes 13,333 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options. 

(8) 
 Includes 11,667 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options 

(9) 
 Includes 63,200 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock. 

(10) 
 Includes 1,158,615 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of options beneficially owned by the referenced persons and 364,635 shares of Common Stock underlying vested RSUs that are issuable upon request. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE. 

During fiscals 2021 and 2020,
except for compensation arrangements described elsewhere herein, we did not participate in any transaction, and we are not currently participating
in any proposed transaction, or series of transactions, in which the amount involved exceeded the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of
the average of our total assets at year end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which, to our knowledge, any of our directors,
officers, five percent beneficial security holders, or any member of the immediate family of the foregoing persons had, or will have,
a direct or indirect material interest. 

44 

Our policy is to enter into
transactions with related persons on terms that, on the whole, are no less favorable than those available from unaffiliated third parties.
Based on our experience in the business sectors in which we operate and the terms of our transactions with unaffiliated third parties,
we believe that all of the transactions described below met this policy standard at the time they occurred. All related person transactions
are approved by our Board. 

On November 30, 2015, we,
our Israeli subsidiary and HTIT entered into a Technology License Agreement, which was further amended, according to which we granted
HTIT an exclusive commercialization license in the Territory related to our oral insulin capsule, ORMD-0801. Pursuant to this license
agreement, HTIT will conduct certain pre-commercialization and regulatory activities with respect to our subsidiary s technology
related to the ORMD-0801 capsule, and will pay certain royalties and an aggregate of approximately 37.5 million. On November 30, 2015,
we also entered into a securities purchase agreement with HTIT, pursuant to which, among other things, Mr. Kidron would serve as proxy
and attorney in fact of HTIT, with full power of substitution, to cast on behalf of HTIT all votes that HTIT is entitled to cast with
respect to the Purchased Shares at any and all meetings of our stockholders to consent or dissent to any action taken without a meeting
and to vote all the Purchased Shares held by HTIT in any manner Mr. Kidron deemed appropriate except for matters related to our activities
in the People s Republic of China, on which Mr. Kidron would consult with HTIT before taking any action as proxy. On August 19,
2021, the proxy was revoked in accordance with its terms by HTIT. 

The Board has determined that
Aviad Friedman, Arie Mayer, Kevin Rakin and Leonard Sank are independent as defined under the rules promulgated by Nasdaq. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

The aggregate fees billed
by Kesselman Kesselman, independent registered public accounting firm, and member firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited,
for services rendered to us during fiscals 2021 and 2020: 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 90,000 
 95,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees (2) 
 47,500 
 101,000 
 
 Tax Fees (3) 
 1,400 
 2,000 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total Fees 
 138,900 
 198,000 

(1) 
 Amount represents fees paid for professional services for the audit of our consolidated annual financial statements, review of our interim condensed consolidated financial statements included in quarterly reports and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

(2) 
 Represents fees paid for services rendered in connection with our February 2020 public offering of common stock for fiscal 2020 and at-the-market offering related fees. 

(3) 
 Represents fees paid for tax consulting services. 

SEC rules require that before
the independent registered public accounting firm are engaged by us to render any auditing or permitted non-audit related service, the
engagement be: (1) pre-approved by our Audit Committee; or (2) entered into pursuant to pre-approval policies and procedures established
by the Audit Committee, provided the policies and procedures are detailed as to the particular service, the Audit Committee is informed
of each service, and such policies and procedures do not include delegation of the Audit Committee s responsibilities to management. 

The Audit Committee pre-approves
all services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved
by the Audit Committee before the services were rendered. 

45 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a) 
 Index to Financial Statements 

The following consolidated financial
statements are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

Page 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 F-1 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: 

Balance sheets 
 
 F-2 
 
 Statements of loss 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of changes in equity 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of cash flows 
 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to financial statements 
 
 F-6
 - F-26 

________________ 

46 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Oramed Pharmaceuticals
Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, and the related
consolidated statements of loss, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for the years then ended, including the related
notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its
operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial
statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are
matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that
were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective,
or complex judgments. We determined there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ Kesselman Kesselman 

Certified Public Accountants (Isr.) 

A member firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers International
Limited 

Tel Aviv, Israel 

November 24, 2021 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2008. 

Kesselman Kesselman, Trade Tower, 25 Hamered Street, Tel-Aviv 6812508, Israel, 
P.O Box 50005 Tel-Aviv 6150001 Telephone: +972 -3- 7954555, Fax:+972 -3- 7954556, www.pwc.com/il 	 

F- 1 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

August 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term deposits (note 2) 

Marketable securities (note 3) 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

LONG-TERM ASSETS: 

Long-term deposits (note 4) 

Marketable securities (note 3) 

Amounts funded in respect of employee rights upon retirement 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right of use assets 

Total long-term assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses (note 5) 

Deferred revenues 

Payable to related parties (note 11c) 

Operating lease liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

LONG-TERM LIABILITIES: 

Long-term deferred revenues 

Employee rights upon retirement 

Provision for uncertain tax position (note 10f) 

Operating lease liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Total long-term liabilities 

COMMITMENTS
 (note 6) 

EQUITY 

EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMPANY S STOCKHOLDERS : 

Common stock, par value authorized shares as of August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020; and shares issued and outstanding as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Non-controlling interests 
 
 -

Total
 equity 

Total
 liabilities and equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 2 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS
INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF LOSS 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

Year ended August 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 REVENUES 

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES 

GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES 

OPERATING LOSS 

FINANCIAL
 INCOME (note 9a) 

FINANCIAL
 EXPENSES (note 9b) 

NET LOSS 

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO: 

COMPANY S SHAREHOLDERS 

NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS 
 
 -

NET LOSS 

BASIC AND DILUTED LOSS PER SHARE OF COMMON STOCK 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK USED IN COMPUTING BASIC AND DILUTED LOSS PER SHARE OF COMMON STOCK 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 3 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 

in thousands 

Attributable to Company s Shareholders 

Additional 
 
 Total 
 Non- 

Common Stock 
 paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 stockholders 
 controlling 
 Total 

Shares 
 
 capital 
 deficit 
 equity 
 interests 
 Equity 

In thousands 

BALANCE AS OF SEPTEMBER 1, 2019 

-

SHARES ISSUED FOR SERVICES 

ISSUANCE OF COMMON STOCK, NET 

EXERCISE OF WARRANTS AND OPTIONS 

STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 
 - 
 -

NET LOSS 

BALANCE AS OF AUGUST 31, 2020 

ISSUANCE OF COMMON STOCK, NET 

EXERCISE OF WARRANTS AND OPTIONS 

STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 
 - 
 -

ASSET ACQUISITION TRANSACTION 

NET LOSS 

BALANCE AS OF AUGUST 31, 2021 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements 

F- 4 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

In thousands 

Year ended August 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments required to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Non-cash expense for acquired In-Process Research Development (or IPR D) 
 
 -

Exchange differences and interest on deposits and held to maturity bonds 

Changes in fair value of investments 

Stock-based compensation 

Shares issued for services 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and related parties 

Deferred revenues 

Liability for employee rights upon retirement 

Other liabilities 

Total net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Investment in short-term deposits 

Purchase of mutual funds 
 -

Investment in long-term deposits 
 
 -

Proceeds from sale of mutual funds 
 
 -

Purchase of held to maturity securities 

Proceeds from redemption of short-term deposits 

Proceeds from maturity of held to maturity securities 

Funds in respect of employee rights upon retirement 

Total net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants and options 

Transaction with non-controlling interests 

Total net cash provided by financing activities 

EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON CASH 

INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR 

(A) SUPPLEMENTARY DISCLOSURE ON CASH FLOWS: 

Interest received 

(B) SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH ACTIVITIES: 

Recognition of operating lease right of use assets and liabilities 
 
 -

(C) ASSET ACQUISITION TRANSACTION (see note 12): 

IPR D 
 
 -

Transaction with non-controlling interests 
 
 -

Additional paid in capital 
 
 -

Non-controlling interests 
 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements 

F- 5 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

shares of its capital stock to the
Company, representing of the issued and outstanding share capital of Oravax, on a fully diluted basis, as of the date of issuance.
See note 12. 

F- 6 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 1 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued): 

-
 
 -

Entera 
 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

-
 
 -

Entera 
 
 -
 
 -

Mutual Funds 
 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

F- 7 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 1 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued): 

F- 8 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 1 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued): 

between the License Agreement and the SPA according to their fair value, as follows: was allocated to the issuance of common stock
(less issuance expenses of ), based on the quoted price of the Company s shares on the closing date of the SPA on December 28,
2015, and was allocated to the License Agreement. 

, all of which was received through the balance sheet date. Through August 31, 2021,
the Company recognized revenue associated with this agreement in the aggregate amount of (of which was recognized in the
twelve-months period ended August 31, 2021), and deferred the remaining amount of , which is presented as a contract liability on
the condensed consolidated balance sheet. 

F- 9 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 1 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued): 

and for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

F- 10 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 1 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued): 

year to years. Some of these agreements include options to extend the leases for up to an additional
 years and some include options to terminate the leases immediately. See also note 6h. 

- 
 
 - 

F- 11 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

Entera (see c below) 

Held to maturity bonds (see d below) 

Preferred equity 
 -

Mutual funds 
 -

Long-term: 

Held to maturity bonds (see d below) 

of D.N.A s
outstanding ordinary shares. 

. 

. 

Accrued interest 
 
 - 

Long-term 

F- 12 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 3 - MARKETABLE
SECURITIES (continued): 

Accrued interest 
 
 - 

Long-term 

months from the balance sheet date are included in short-term marketable securities. Held to maturity securities
with maturity dates of more than one year are considered long-term marketable securities. 

-

Lease car deposits 

with an
annual interest rate of and a maturity date of . 

Payroll and related accruals 

Institutions 

Accrued liabilities 

ordinary shares (after giving effect to a stock split by Entera in July 2018). In consideration for the shares sold to D.N.A, the Company received, among other payments, ordinary shares of D.N.A (see also note 3). 

of Entera s
net revenues (as defined in the agreement) and a license back of that patent application for use in respect of diabetes and influenza.
As of August 31, 2021, Entera had not yet realized any revenues and had not paid any royalties to the Subsidiary. On December 11, 2018,
Entera announced that it had entered into a research collaboration and license agreement (the Amgen License with Amgen
related to research of inflammatory disease and other serious illnesses. As reported by Entera, under the terms of the Amgen License,
Entera will receive a modest initial technology access fee from Amgen and will be responsible for preclinical development at Amgen s
expense. Entera will be eligible to receive up to in aggregate payments, as well as tiered royalties up to mid-single digits,
upon achievement of various clinical and commercial milestones if Amgen decides to move all of these programs forward. Amgen is responsible
for clinical development, manufacturing and commercialization of any of the resulting programs. To the extent the Amgen License results
in net revenues as defined in the Patent Transfer Agreement, the Subsidiary will be entitled to the aforementioned royalties. 

of the net royalties received
in respect of the patent that was sold to Entera in March 2011. 

F- 13 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 6 - COMMITMENTS (continued) : 

The royalty payment obligation shall apply during the period of time beginning upon the first commercial sale of the Product in the Territory, and ending upon the later of (i) the expiration of the last-to-expire licensed patents in the Territory; and (ii) years after the first commercial sale of the Product in the Territory (the Royalty Term ). The License Agreement shall remain in effect until the expiration of the Royalty Term. The License Agreement contains customary termination provisions. Among others, the Company s involvement through the product submission date will include consultancy for the pre-commercialization activities in the Territory, as well as advisory services to HTIT on an ongoing basis. As of August 31, 2021, the Company has received milestone payments in an aggregate amount of as follows: the initial payment of was received in January 2016. Following the achievement of certain milestones, the second and third payments of and , respectively, were received in July 2016, the fourth milestone payment of was received in October 2016 and the fifth milestone payment of was received in January 2019. On August 21, 2020, the Company received a letter
from HTIT, disputing certain pending payment obligations of HTIT under the TLA. The payment obligation being disputed is , out of
which only an amount of has been received and has been included in Deferred revenue in each of the consolidated balance sheets
as of the fiscal years ended August 31, 2021, and 2020. The Company wholly disputes the claims made by HTIT and has been engaged in discussions
and exchanges with HTIT in an attempt to clarify and resolve disagreements between the parties regarding milestone payments and work plan
implementation. 
 In addition, on November 30, 2015, . The License Agreement and the SPA were considered a single arrangement with multiple deliverables. The Company allocated the total consideration of between the License Agreement and the SPA according to their fair value, as follows: was allocated to the issuance of common stock (less issuance expenses of ), based on the quoted price of the Company s shares on the closing date of the SPA on December 28, 2015, and was allocated to the License Agreement. The Company determined that revenues are recognized over time through the expected product submission date in June 2023. In July 2015, according to the letter of intent signed between the parties or their affiliates, HTIT s affiliate paid the Subsidiary a non-refundable amount of as a no-shop fee. The no-shop fee was deferred and the related revenue is recognized over the estimated term of the License Agreement. 
For the Company s revenue recognition policy see note 1k. 

F- 14 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 6 - COMMITMENTS (continued): 

that will be paid over the term of the engagement and based on the achievement of certain development milestones, of which was recognized in research and development expenses through August 31, 2021. 

during the term
of the engagement and based on achievement of certain milestones, of which was recognized in research and development expenses
through August 31, 2021. 

during the term of the engagement and based on achievement of certain milestones, of which was recognized in research and development expenses through August 31, 2021. 

are payable on sales of products developed from a project so funded, up to a maximum amount equaling
 - of the grants received (dollar linked) with the addition of interest at an annual rate based on LIBOR. 

including LIBOR). All grants were received before fiscal 2020 and recorded as a reduction of Research and development expenses
at that time. As of August 31, 2021, the liability to the IIA was . 

F- 15 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 6 - COMMITMENTS (continued): 

As security for its obligation under this lease agreement, the Company provided a bank guarantee
in an amount equal to three monthly lease payments. 

and as of August 31, 2021 and 2020 respectively. 

. Below is a summary of the Company s operating right-of-use assets and operating
lease liabilities as of August 31, 2021 and 2020: 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Operating lease liabilities long-term 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Weighted Average of Remaining Lease Term 

Operating leases 

Weighted Average Discount Rate 

Operating leases 

2023 

2024 

2025 

Total undiscounted lease payments 

Less: Interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

interest rate. 

F- 16 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

options. Since the Company had granted options during the time after the old plan allegedly terminated, and out of an abundance of caution, the Company canceled these grants and reissued the options under the new option plan in the same amounts and under the same terms as the original grants. The cancelation and grants were approved by the Company s board on September 11, 2019. Out of the available options under the 2019 Plan, the Company granted to replace the options under dispute as mentioned above. The cancellation of the award accompanied by the concurrent grant of a replacement award was accounted for as modification of the terms of the cancelled award. Since the replacement award was given under the same terms as the cancelled award, no incremental compensation cost was recognized. On August 3, 2020, the stockholders of the Company adopted the amended and restated 2019 Plan which increased the shares available to grant under the plan by an additional to options. 

, through a sales agent, subject to certain terms and conditions. Any shares sold were to be sold pursuant to the Company s effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 including a prospectus and prospectus supplement, each dated February 10, 2020 (which superseded a prior registration statement, prospectus and prospectus supplement that related to shares sold under the Sales Agreement). The Company paid the sales agent a cash commission of of the gross proceeds of the sale of any shares sold through the sales agent under the Sales Agreement. As of August 31, 2021, shares were issued under the Sales Agreement for aggregate net proceeds of . 

, through a sales agent, subject to certain
terms and conditions. Any shares sold will be sold pursuant to the Company s effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3
including a prospectus dated February 10, 2020 as supplemented by a prospectus supplement dated December 1, 2020. The Company paid the
sales agent a cash commission of of the gross proceeds of the sale of any shares sold through the sales agent under the New Sales
Agreement. As of August 31, 2021, shares were issued under the New Sales Agreement for aggregate net proceeds of . 

F- 17 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 7 - STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (continued): 

from time to time through Canaccord Genuity. The Equity Distribution Agreement replaced the New Sales Agreement, once it had been exhausted. Any shares sold will be sold pursuant to the Company s effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 including a prospectus dated February 10, 2020 and prospectus supplement dated June 16, 2021. The Company paid the sales agent a cash commission of of the gross proceeds of the sale of any shares sold through the sales agent under the Equity Distribution Agreement. As of August 31, 2021, shares were issued under the Equity Distribution Agreement for aggregate net proceeds of . 

from time to time through Canaccord Genuity. The New Equity
Distribution Agreement replaced the Equity Distribution Agreement, once it had been exhausted. Any shares sold will be sold pursuant to
the Company s effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 including a prospectus dated July 15, 2021. The Company paid the
sales agent a cash commission of of the gross proceeds of the sale of any shares sold through the sales agent under the New Equity
Distribution Agreement. As of August 31, 2021 and through November 24, 2021, and shares were respectively issued under
the New Equity Distribution Agreement for aggregate net proceeds of . 

shares of common stock at exercise prices ranging from to per share and expiring from January 6, 2022 to April 15, 2029. 

Issued 
 -
 
 -

Exercised 

-
 
 -

Expired 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Warrants outstanding at end of year 

Warrants exercisable at end of year 

shares of the Company s common stock which may be issued
at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors from time to time. Under this 2019 Plan, each option or RSU is exercisable
into one share of common stock of the Company. The options may be exercised after vesting and in accordance with vesting schedules which
will be determined by the Board of Directors for each grant. The maximum term of the options and RSUs is years. 

shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share
(equivalent to the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant). 
The options expire on . The fair value of all these options on the date of grant was , using the Black Scholes option-pricing
model and was based on the following assumptions: stock price of ; dividend yield of for all years; expected volatility of ;
risk-free interest rates of ; and expected term of years. 

F- 18 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 8 - STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (continued): 

shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share
(equivalent to the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant). The options shall vest in four installments
upon achievement of certain performance conditions. As of August 31, 2021, no such options are vested. The options expire on September
11, 2029. The fair value of all these options on the date of grant was , using the Black Scholes option-pricing model and was based
on the following assumptions: stock price of ; dividend yield of for all years; expected volatility of ; risk-free interest
rates of ; expected term of years; and the probability that such performance conditions will occur. 

shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share (equivalent to the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant). The options expire on January 8, 2030. The fair value of all these options on the date of grant was , using the Black Scholes option-pricing model and was based on the following assumptions: stock price of ; dividend yield of for all years; expected volatility of ; risk-free interest rates of ; and expected term of . 

shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share (equivalent to the closing
price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant) as follows: to the Company s Chief Executive Officer, or
CEO, and to the Company s Chief Scientific Officer, or CSO. These options expire on January
8, 2030. The fair value of all these options on the date of grant was , using the Black Scholes option-pricing model and was based
on the following assumptions: stock price of ; dividend yield of for all years; expected volatility of ; risk-free interest
rates of ; and expected term of years. 

shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share (equivalent to the
closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant) as follows: to the CEO, to the CSO, to
the Company s former Chief Financial Officer and to the Company s Chief Operating Business Officer. The options
shall vest in four equal annual installments, on each of December 31, 2021, 2022, 2023 and 2024. These options expire on February 3, 2031.
The fair value of all these options on the date of grant was , using the Black Scholes option-pricing model and was based on the
following assumptions: stock price of ; dividend yield of for all years; expected volatility of ; risk-free interest rates
of ; and expected term of years. 
 
 On February 3, 2021, the Company granted a total of RSUs as
follows: to the CEO, to the CSO, to the Company s former Chief Financial Officer and to the Company s
Chief Operating and Business Officer. These RSUs were granted under the Company s 2019 Plan and shall vest as follows: shall
vest upon the Company s common stock achieving a price per share of during 20 days out of any 30-day trading period, 
shall vest upon the Company s common stock achieving a price per share of during 20 days out of any 30-day trading period, and
 upon achievement of a certain licensing agreement as specified by the Board of Directors. The total fair value of these RSUs on
the date of the grant was , using the Monte-Carlo model. 

shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share (equivalent to the closing
price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant) to the chairman of the Board of Directors. The options shall vest in three
equal annual installments, on each of December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023. These options expire on February 17, 2031. The fair value of all
these options on the date of grant was , using the Black Scholes option-pricing model and was based on the following assumptions: stock
price of ; dividend yield of for all years; expected volatility of ; risk-free interest rates of ; and expected term
of years. 
 
 On February 17, 2021, the Company granted a total of RSUs to
the chairman of the Board of Directors. These RSUs were granted under the Company s 2019 Plan and shall vest as follows: 
shall vest upon the Company s common stock achieving a price per share of during 20 days out of any 30-day trading period, 
shall vest upon the Company s common stock achieving a price per share of during 20 days out of any 30-day trading period, and
 upon achievement of a certain licensing agreement as specified by the Board of Directors. The total fair value of these RSUs on
the date of the grant was , using the Monte-Carlo model. 

F- 19 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 8 - STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (continued): 

shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share (equivalent to the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant) to the Chief Commercial Officer. These options expire on August 4, 2031. The fair value of all these options on the date of grant was , using the Black Scholes option-pricing model and was based on the following assumptions: stock price of ; dividend yield of for all years; expected volatility of ; risk-free interest rates of ; and expected term of years. On August 4, 2021, the Company granted a total of RSUs to the Chief Commercial Officer. These RSUs were granted under the Company s 2019 Plan and shall vest as follows: shall vest upon the Company s common stock achieving a price per share of during 20 days out of any 30-day trading period, shall vest upon the Company s common stock achieving a price per share of during 20 days out of any 30-day trading period, and upon achievement of a certain licensing agreement as specified by the Board of Directors. The total fair value of these RSUs on the date of the grant was , using the Monte-Carlo model. 

- 
 - 
 
 Expected stock price volatility ) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Risk free interest rate ) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected dividend yield ) 

Changes during the year: 

Granted 

Forfeited 

() 

() 

Expired 

- 

- 

() 

Exercised 

() 

Options outstanding at end of year 

Options exercisable at end of year 

Weighted average fair value of options granted during the year 

and , respectively. 

and during the year ended August 31, 2020. 

F- 20 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 8 - STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (continued): 

6.23 to 9.12 

10.40 to 15.10 

options granted to employees and
directors that were outstanding as of August 31, 2021 were also exercisable as of August 31, 2021, compared to as of August 31,
2020. 

of unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested options previously granted to employees and directors. The unrecognized compensation
costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 

Changes during the year: 

Granted 
 -
 
 -

Exercised 

-
 
 -

Forfeited 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Expired 

-
 
 -

Options outstanding at end of year 

Options exercisable at end of year 

Weighted average fair value of options granted during the year 
 -

and during the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to non-employees awards. 

options were exercised by non-employees
during the year ended August 31, 2021 for a total intrinsic value of while no options were exercised by non-employees during the
year ended August 31, 2020. 

F- 21 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 8 - STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (continued): 

options granted to non-employees
that were outstanding as of August 31, 2021, were also exercisable as of August 31, 2021. 

of
unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested options previously granted to non-employees. The unrecognized compensation costs
are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 

Granted 
 
 -

Forfeited 
 
 -

Outstanding at the end of the period 

Vested 
 
 -

Vested and unissued 

for the year ended August 31, 2021. During the year ended August 31, 2020, the Company did not record expense
or income related to RSUs. 

related to RSUs. The unrecognized compensation costs are expected
to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 

F- 22 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

Income from interest on corporate bonds 

Gain from securities, net 
 
 -

Revaluation of securities, net 
 
 -

Bank and broker commissions 

Loss from securities, net 

- 

Other 

- 

. 

(as of August 31, 2020, ). 

. 

(as of August 31, 2020, approximately ). Under the Israeli tax
laws, carryforward tax losses have no expiration date. 

F- 23 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 10 - TAXES ON INCOME (continued): 

Research and development expenses 

Less - valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 
 -
 
 -

Outside U.S. 

Taxes on income (tax benefit): 

Current: 

U.S. 
 -
 
 -

Outside U.S. 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Statutory tax benefit 

Increase in income taxes resulting from: 

Change in the balance of the valuation allowance for deferred tax 

Disallowable deductions 

Influence of different tax rate applicable to the Subsidiary and changes in tax rates from previous years 

Withholding tax, see note 10d above 
 -
 
 - 
 
 Uncertain tax position 
 -
 
 - 
 
 Taxes on income for the reported year 
 -
 
 - 

F- 24 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 10 - TAXES ON INCOME (continued): 

Decrease in uncertain tax positions for the current year 

- 

- 

Balance at End of Year 

Year ended August 31, 2020 

and , respectively, as directors fees. 

F- 25 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE
11 - RELATED PARTIES - TRANSACTIONS (continued): 

and , respectively. 

Nadav Kidron (CEO) 

Consequently, the Company is consolidating Oravax in its consolidated
financial statements as from the inception of Oravax. In addition, under the terms of the Oravax License Agreement, the Company has licensed
out to Oravax certain patent rights, know-how and information related to the Company s oral drug delivery technology with respect
to the combination with the COVID-19 vaccine technology (the Licensed IP ). 

on net sales, as defined in the Oravax
License Agreement, of each product commercialized by Oravax, its affiliates and permitted sublicensees related to the License during the
term specified in the Oravax License Agreement, (ii) sublicensing fees equal to of any non-sales-based consideration received by Oravax
from a permitted sublicensee and (iii) other payments ranging between to , based on certain sales milestones being achieved
by Oravax. The parties further agreed to establish a development and steering committee, which will consist of three members, of which
two members will be appointed by the Company, that will oversee the ongoing research, development, clinical and regulatory activity with
respect to the Oravax Product. Akers Biosciences Inc. Akers contributed Oravax in cash and a license agreement
to the Oravax Product which includes a maximum of royalties of all net sales. 

F- 26 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 12 - ASSET ACQUISITION TRANSACTION 
(continued): 

based on the carrying
amount of the contributed assets and, according to the Company s accounting policy, the fair value of Oravax excluding the contributed
assets. Any difference between the fair value of consideration paid and the increase in the non-controlling interests carrying
amount was recognized in equity. As a result of the acquisition, the Company recognized IPR D expense in the amount of . 

shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of 
per share. In addition, The Company granted RSUs that shall vest as follows: 

. 

. 

from time to time through Cantor Fitzgerald. As of November 24,
2021, shares issued under the Cantor Equity Distribution Agreement for aggregate net proceeds of . 

shares of the Company s common stock, or the Shares, to the Purchasers
for an offering price of per Share. The closing of the sale of the Shares occurred on November 5, 2021. The net proceeds to the Company
from the Offering, after deducting the placement agent s fees and expenses and the Company s estimated Offering expenses,
were approximately . 

F- 27 

(b 
 Exhibits 

3.1 
 
 Composite Copy of Certificate of Incorporation, as amended as of January 22, 2013, corrected February 8, 2013, as amended as of July 25, 2014, corrected September 5, 2017 and as further amended as of August 3, 2020 (incorporated by reference from our annual report on Form 10-K filed November 24, 2020) 

3.3 
 
 Second Amended and Restated By-laws (incorporated by reference from our current report on Form 8-K filed July 15, 2021). 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference from our registration statement on Form S-1 filed February 1, 2013). 

4.2 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference from our current report on Form 8-K filed July 5, 2018). 

4.3 
 
 Form of Underwriter s Warrant (incorporated by reference from our current report on Form 8-K filed February 28, 2020). 

4.4 
 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference from our annual report on Form 10-K filed November 24, 2020). 

10.1+ 
 
 Consulting Agreement by and between Oramed Ltd. and KNRY, Ltd., entered into as of July 1, 2008, for the services of Nadav Kidron (incorporated by reference from our current report on Form 8-K filed July 2, 2008). 

10.2+ 
 
 Amendment, dated July 13, 2013, to Consulting Agreement by and between Oramed Ltd. and KNRY, Ltd., entered into as of July 1, 2008 for the services of Nadav Kidron (incorporated by reference from our annual report on Form 10-K filed November 14, 2014). 

10.3+ 
 
 Amendment, dated November 13, 2014, to Consulting Agreements by and between Oramed Ltd. and KNRY, Ltd., entered into as of July 1, 2008, for the services of Nadav Kidron and Miriam Kidron (incorporated by reference from our annual report on Form 10-K filed November 14, 2014). 

47 

10.4+ 
 
 Amendment, dated July 21, 2015, to Consulting Agreements by and between Oramed Ltd. and KNRY, Ltd., entered into as of July 1, 2008, for the services of Nadav Kidron (incorporated by reference from our annual report on Form 10-K filed November 25, 2015). 

10.5+ 
 
 Amendment, dated June 27, 2016, to Consulting Agreements by and between Oramed Ltd. and KNRY, Ltd., entered into as of July 1, 2008, for the services of Nadav Kidron (incorporated by reference from our annual report on Form 10-K filed November 25, 2016). 

10.6+ 
 
 Amendment, dated November 28, 2016, to Consulting Agreements by and between Oramed Ltd. and KNRY, Ltd., entered into as of July 1, 2008, for the services of Nadav Kidron (incorporated by reference from our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed January 11, 2017). 

10.7+ 
 
 Amendment, dated September 19, 2021, to Consulting Agreements by and between Oramed Ltd. and KNRY, Ltd., entered into as of July 1, 2008, for the services of Nadav Kidron. 

10.8+ 
 
 Consulting Agreement by and between Oramed Ltd. and KNRY, Ltd., entered into as of July 1, 2008, for the services of Miriam Kidron (incorporated by reference from our current report on Form 8-K filed July 2, 2008). 

10.9+ 
 
 Amendment, dated July 13, 2013, to Consulting Agreement by and between Oramed Ltd. and KNRY, Ltd., entered into as of July 1, 2008 for the services of Miriam Kidron (incorporated by reference from our annual report on Form 10-K filed November 14, 2014). 

10.10+ 
 
 Amendment, dated July 21, 2015, to Consulting Agreements by and between Oramed Ltd. and KNRY, Ltd., entered into as of July 1, 2008, for the services of Miriam Kidron (incorporated by reference from our annual report on Form 10-K filed November 25, 2015). 

10.11+ 
 
 Amendment, dated June 27, 2016, to Consulting Agreements by and between Oramed Ltd. and KNRY, Ltd., entered into as of July 1, 2008, for the services of Miriam Kidron (incorporated by reference from our annual report on Form 10-K filed November 25, 2016). 

10.12+ 
 
 Amendment, dated June 30, 2017, to Consulting Agreements by and between Oramed Ltd. and KNRY, Ltd., entered into as of July 1, 2008, for the services of Miriam Kidron (incorporated by reference from our annual report on Form 10-K filed November 29, 2017). 

10.13+ 
 
 Amendment, dated January 10, 2020, to Consulting Agreements by and between Oramed Ltd. and KNRY, Ltd., entered into as of July 1, 2008, for the services of Miriam Kidron (incorporated by reference from our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed April 6, 2020). 

10.14+ 
 
 Amendment, dated September 19, 2021, to Consulting Agreements by and between Oramed Ltd. and KNRY, Ltd., entered into as of July 1, 2008, for the services of Miriam Kidron . 

10.15+ 
 
 Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. Second Amended and Restated 2008 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed August 4, 2016). 

10.16+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference from our annual report on Form 10-K filed November 14, 2014). 

48 

10.17+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement between the Company and the CSO or CEO (incorporated by reference from our annual report on Form 10-K filed November 29, 2017). 

10.18+ 
 
 Form of Notice of Stock Option Award and Stock Option Award Agreement (incorporated by reference from our current report on Form 8-K filed July 2, 2008). 

10.19+ 
 
 Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed August 6, 2019). 

10.20+ 
 
 Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. Amended and Restated 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed June 30, 2020). 

10.21+ 
 
 Form of Notice of Stock Option Award and Stock Option Award Agreement (incorporated by reference from our annual report on Form 10-K filed November 27, 2019). 

10.22+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated May 16, 2019, by and between Oramed Ltd. and Avraham Gabay (incorporated by reference from our current report on Form 8-K filed May 16, 2019). 

10.23+ 
 
 First Amendment, dated December 19, 2019, to Employment Agreement, entered into as of May 16, 2019, by and between Oramed Ltd. and Avraham Gabay (incorporated by reference from our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed January 9, 2020). 

10.24+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated July 25, 2021, by and between the Company and Michael Rabinowitz. 

10.25+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated May 23, 2021, by and between Oramed Ltd. and David Silberman (incorporated by reference from our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed July 14, 2021). 

10.26+ 
 
 First Amendment, dated September 19, 2021, to Employment Agreement, by and between Oramed Ltd. and David Silberman. 

10.27+ 
 
 Clinical Trial Agreement, dated September 11, 2011, between Oramed Ltd., Hadasit Medical Research Services and Development Ltd., Miriam Kidron and Daniel Schurr (incorporated by reference from our annual report on Form 10-K/A filed December 21, 2012). 

10.28+ 
 
 Clinical Trial Agreement, dated July 8, 2009, between Oramed Ltd., Hadasit Medical Research Services and Development Ltd., Miriam Kidron and Itamar Raz (incorporated by reference from our current report on Form 8-K filed July 9, 2009). 

10.29 
 
 Agreement, dated January 7, 2009, between Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Hadasit Medical Research Services and Development Ltd. (incorporated by reference from our current report on Form 8-K filed January 7, 2009). 

10.30 
 
 Patent Transfer Agreement, dated February 22, 2011, between Oramed Ltd. and Entera Bio Ltd. (incorporated by reference from our registration statement on Form S-1 filed March 25, 2011). 

49 

10.31+ 
 
 Representative Form of Indemnification Agreements between Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. and each of our directors and officers. 

10.32+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated August 18, 2019, between Oramed Ltd. and Joshua Hexter (incorporated by reference from our annual report on Form 10-K filed November 27, 2019). 

10.33+ 
 
 First Amendment, dated September 19, 2021, to Employment Agreement, by and between Oramed Ltd. and Joshua Hexter. 

10.34 
 
 Amended and Restated Technology License Agreement, dated December 21, 2015, between Hefei Tianhui Incubator of Technologies Co., Ltd., Oramed Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Oramed Ltd. (Confidential treatment has been granted for portions of this document. Incorporated by reference from our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed January 13, 2016). 

10.35 
 
 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Technology License Agreement, dated June 3, 2016, between Hefei Tianhui Incubator of Technologies Co., Ltd., Oramed Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Oramed Ltd. (Confidential treatment has been requested for portions of this document. The confidential portions will be omitted and filed separately, on a confidential basis, with the Securities and Exchange Commission) (incorporated by reference from our annual report on Form 10-K filed November 25, 2016). 

10.36 
 
 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Technology License Agreement, dated July 24, 2016, between Hefei Tianhui Incubator of Technologies Co., Ltd., Oramed Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Oramed Ltd. (Confidential treatment has been requested for portions of this document. The confidential portions will be omitted and filed separately, on a confidential basis, with the Securities and Exchange Commission) (incorporated by reference from our annual report on Form 10-K filed November 25, 2016). 

10.37 
 
 Service Agreement, dated as of June 3, 2016, between Oramed Ltd. and XERTECS GmbH (Confidential treatment has been granted for portions of this document. The confidential portions have been omitted and filed separately, on a confidential basis, with the Securities and Exchange Commission) (incorporated by reference from our annual report on Form 10-K filed November 25, 2016). 

10.38 
 
 General Technical Agreement between Oramed Ltd. and Premas Biotech Pvt. Ltd., dated July 24, 2016 (Confidential treatment has been granted for portions of this document. The confidential portions have been omitted and filed separately, on a confidential basis, with the Securities and Exchange Commission) (incorporated by reference from our annual report on Form 10-K filed November 25, 2016). 

10.39 
 
 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated July 15, 2021, by and between the Company and Canaccord Genuity LLC (incorporated by reference from our current report on Form 8-K filed July 15, 2021). 

10.40 
 
 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated September 1, 2021, by and between the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. (incorporated by reference from our current report on Form 8-K filed September 1, 2021). 

10.41 
 
 Clinical Research Organization Services Agreement, dated February 14, 2018 and effective as of November 1, 2017, between Oramed Ltd. and Integrium, LLC (Confidential treatment has been granted for portions of this document. The confidential portions have been omitted and filed separately, on a confidential basis, with the Securities and Exchange Commission.) (incorporated by reference from our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed April 9, 2018). 

50 

10.42 
 
 Amendment #1 to Clinical Research Organization Services Agreement Protocol # ORA-D-015 between Oramed, Inc. and Integrium, LLC (incorporated by reference from our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed July 10, 2019). 

10.43 
 
 Amendment #2 to Clinical Research Organization Services Agreement Protocol # ORA-D-015 between Oramed, Inc. and Integrium, LLC (incorporated by reference from our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed July 10, 2019). 

10.44 
 
 Clinical Research Organization Services Agreement, dated September 2, 2020 and effective as of January 15, 2020, between Oramed Ltd. and Integrium, LLC (incorporated by reference from our Form 8-K filed September 9, 2020). 

10.45 
 
 Clinical Research Organization Services Agreement, dated September 16, 2020 and effective as of January 15, 2020, between Oramed Ltd. and Integrium, LLC (incorporated by reference from our Form 8-K filed September 18, 2020). 

10.46 
 
 License Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2021, between the Company, Oramed Ltd. and Oravax Medical Inc. (incorporated by reference from our Form 8-K filed March 19, 2021). 

10.47 
 
 Stockholders Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2021, between Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc., Akers Biosciences Inc., Premas Biotech PVT Ltd., Cutter Mill Capital LLC, and Run Ridge LLC. (incorporated by reference from our Form 8-K filed March 19, 2021). 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Kesselman Kesselman, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

31.1 
 
 Certification Statement of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

31.2 
 
 Certification Statement of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

32.1 
 
 Certification Statement of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

32.2 
 
 Certification Statement of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

101.1 
 
 The following financial
 statements from the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2021, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible
 Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Loss, (iii) Consolidated Statements
 of Changes in Stockholders Equity, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v) the Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements, tagged as blocks of text and in detail. 

104.1 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
herewith. 

Furnished
herewith. 

+ Management
contract or compensation plan. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

51 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 

/s/ NADAV KIDRON 

Nadav Kidron, 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: November 24, 2021 

52 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and
in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/ NADAV KIDRON 
 
 November 24, 2021 

Nadav Kidron, 

President and Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(principal executive officer) 

/s/ DAVID SILBERMAN 
 
 November 24, 2021 

David Silberman, 

Chief Financial Officer 

(principal financial and accounting officer) 

/s/ AVIAD FRIEDMAN 
 
 November 24, 2021 

Aviad Friedman, 

Director 

/s/ MIRIAM KIDRON 
 
 November 24, 2021 

Miriam Kidron, 

Director 

/s/ ARIE MAYER 
 
 November 24, 2021 

Arie Mayer, 

Director 

/s/ KEVIN RAKIN 
 
 November 24, 2021 

Kevin Rakin, 

Director 

/s/ LEONARD SANK 
 
 November 24, 2021 

Leonard Sank, 

Director 

53 

<EX-10.7>
 2
 f10k2021ex10-7_oramedpharma.htm
 AMENDMENT, DATED SEPTEMBER 19, 2021, TO CONSULTING AGREEMENTS BY AND BETWEEN ORAMED LTD. AND KNRY, LTD., ENTERED INTO AS OF JULY 1, 2008, FOR THE SERVICES OF NADAV KIDRON

Exhibit
10.7 

AGREEMENT
AND AMENDMENT NO. 6 

This
AGREEMENT AND AMENDMENT NO. 7 (this Sixth Amendment is made this 19th day of September, 2021 by and between Oramed
Ltd., a company incorporated under the laws of the State of Israel, # 513976712 with an address at Mamilla, 20, Jerusalem, Israel
9414904 (the Company ), and KNRY , Ltd., a company incorporated under the laws of the State of
Israel, # 513836502 with an address at 2 Elza Street, Jerusalem, Israel 93706 (the Consultant ). 

WHEREAS: 

A.
The Company and the Consultant are parties to that certain consulting agreement dated as of July 1, 2008, as amended July 13, 2013,
on November 13, 2014, on July 21, 2015, on June 27, 2016 and on November 28, 2016 (collectively, the Consulting
Agreement ), for services to be provided by Nadav Kidron Israeli I.D. number 027424282 Nadav );
and 

B.
The Company and the Consultant wish to amend the Consulting Agreement to revise the terms of the Consultant compensation
thereunder. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and
agree as follows: 

1. Amendment
 to Section 6 . Section 6 of the Consulting Agreement is hereby amended and restated in
 its entirety to read as follows: 

Compensation .
Effective September 1, 2021 (inclusive), the Company shall pay to the Consultant in consideration for the performance of the Consulting
Services, a gross monthly amount of 146,705 + VAT (the Consideration ), subject to the receipt by the Company of
an invoice from the Consultant. Each of the Consultant and Nadav hereby declares that neither of them has, nor shall have in the future,
any claims or demands in respect of amounts paid prior to May 2008. 

2. Ratification .
 As amended hereby, the Consulting Agreement is ratified and confirmed and all other terms
 and conditions remain in full force and effect. 

[Signature
page follows.] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto have executed this Sixth Amendment effective as of the date and year first above written. 

ORAMED
 LTD. 
 
 KNRY
 LTD. 

Per: 
 /s/
 David Silberman 
 
 /s/
 Nadav Kidron 

Name: 
 David Silberman 
 
 Name: 
 Nadav Kidron 

Title: 
 Chief Financial
 Officer and Secretary 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.14>
 3
 f10k2021ex10-14_oramedpharma.htm
 AMENDMENT, DATED SEPTEMBER 19, 2021, TO CONSULTING AGREEMENTS BY AND BETWEEN ORAMED LTD. AND KNRY, LTD., ENTERED INTO AS OF JULY 1, 2008, FOR THE SERVICES OF MIRIAM KIDRON

Exhibit
10.14 

AGREEMENT
AND AMENDMENT NO. 7 

This
AGREEMENT AND AMENDMENT NO. 7 (this Seventh Amendment is made this 19th day of September, 2021 by and between
 Oramed Ltd., a company incorporated under the laws of the State of Israel, # 513976712 with an address at Mamilla, 20,
Jerusalem, Israel 9414904 (the Company ), and KNRY , Ltd., a company incorporated under
the laws of the State of Israel, # 513836502 with an address at 2 Elza Street, Jerusalem, Israel 93706 (the Consultant ). 

WHEREAS: 

A.
The Company and the Consultant are parties to that certain consulting agreement dated as of July 1, 2008 as amended on July 13,
2013, on November 13, 2014, on July 21, 2015, on June 27, 2016, on June 30, 2017 and on January 10, 2020 (collectively, the Consulting
Agreement ), for services to be provided by Dr. Miriam Kidron Israeli I.D. number 9665993 Miriam );
and 

B.
The Company and the Consultant wish to amend the Consulting Agreement to revise the terms of the Consultant compensation thereunder. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant
and agree as follows: 

1. Amendment
 to Section 6 . Section 6 of the Consulting Agreement is hereby amended and restated
 in its entirety to read as follows: 

Compensation .
Effective September 1, 2021 (inclusive), the Company shall pay to the Consultant in consideration for the performance of the Consulting
Services, a gross monthly amount of 106,400 + VAT (the Consideration ), subject to the receipt by the Company
of an invoice from the Consultant. Each of the Consultant and Miriam hereby declares that neither of them has, nor shall have
in the future, any claims or demands in respect of amounts paid prior to May 2008. 

2. Ratification .
 As amended hereby, the Consulting Agreement is ratified and confirmed and all other terms
 and conditions remain in full force and effect. 

[Signature
page follows.] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto have executed this Seventh Amendment effective as of the date and year first above written. 

ORAMED
 LTD. 
 
 KNRY
 LTD. 

Per: 
 /s/
 David Silberman 
 
 /s/ Miriam Kidron 

Name: 
 David
 Silberman 
 
 Name: 
 Miriam
 Kidron 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Secretary 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.24>
 4
 f10k2021ex10-24_oramedpharma.htm
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, DATED JULY 25, 2021, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND MICHAEL RABINOWITZ

Exhibit 10.24 

Employment
Agreement 

This
Employment Agreement is made on 25 day of July 2021, by and between, Michael Rabinowitz an individual residing in Pennsylvania, United
States (the Executive ), and ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS, INC., a company incorporated under the laws of the State
of Delaware, (the Company ). 

WHEREAS,
 the Company has agreed to engage the Executive to serve in the role of Chief Commercial Officer of the Company. in accordance with
the terms as described below. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, the Company and the Executive agree as follows: 

1. ENGAGEMENT 

1.1 Engagement
 of Executive . The Company hereby agrees to employ the Executive in accordance with the
 terms and provisions hereof. 

1.2 Term . The term of employment under this Agreement shall commence on August 1, 2021 (the Effective
 Date and shall continue until terminated by either party as provided herein (the
 Term ). 

1.3 Duties . The Executive s services hereunder shall be provided on the basis of the following
 terms and conditions: 

(a) The
 Executive will report to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 

(b) The
 Executive will perform and discharge diligently and faithfully the duties as may be assigned
 to him from time to time by Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The Executive shall faithfully,
 honestly and diligently serve the Company and utilize his professional skills and care to
 ensure that all services rendered hereunder are to the satisfaction of the Company. The Executive
 shall provide any other services not specifically mentioned herein, but which by reason of
 the Executive s capability the Executive knows or ought to know to be necessary to
 ensure that the best interests of the Company are maintained; 

(c) The
 Executive shall primarily perform such duties from his home office at 41 Alexanders Court
 in Newtown, Pennsylvania or at a mutually agreed location, provided however, that the Executive
 may, from time to time, be required to travel to perform such duties; 

(d) The
 Executive shall not, during his employment with the Company, without the prior written authorization
 of the Company, directly or indirectly undertake any other employment, whether as an employee
 of another employer or independently as an agent, consultant, director or in any other manner
 (whether for compensation or otherwise), and shall not assume any position or render services
 in any of the above-stated manners to any other entity or person. 

2. COMPENSATION
 and additional TERMS 

2.1 Salary .
 For services rendered by the Executive during the Term, as the Chief Commercial Officer on
 a full-time basis, the Executive shall be entitled to a gross annual salary of 330,000 (the
 Salary ). The Company shall legally deduct and withhold income tax payments
 and other obligatory payments from all of the payments which shall be paid to the Executive
 in accordance with the Agreement and as required by law, including all taxes imposed on any
 benefits granted to the Employee and on any part of the benefits which exceeds the maximum
 exemption provided by law and submit the same taxes to the relevant tax authorities. 

2.2 Options .
 Subject to the approval of a grant by the Board of Directors, the Executive shall be granted
 options to purchase 100,000 ordinary shares of the Company (the Options ),
 all as shall be detailed in the Option Grant Agreement to be signed between the Employee
 and the Company and the Amended and Restated 2019 Option plan of the Company (as amended
 from time to time). Following execution of this Agreement, the parties shall make all commercial
 reasonable efforts to complete the process of issuance of the Options. The Options will be
 subject to a four (4) year vesting period, subject to Executives continuous employment with
 the Company. 

2.3 Restrictive
 Stock Units . The Company shall recommend the Board of Directors to grant the Executive
 with up to 100,000 Restricted Stock Units (the RSU subject to the terms of
 the Company s Amended and Restated 2019 Plan Agreement to be executed between the Company
 and the Executive. 

2.4 Expenses .
 The Executive will be reimbursed by the Company for pre-approved business expenses incurred
 by the Executive in connection with his duties, and in accordance with Company s policy.
 Company will provide Executive with monthly reimbursement of Executive s cell phone
 expenses. 

2.5 Vacation
 and Sick Leave . The Executive shall be entitled to accrue up to 20 vacation days per
 year. The Executive shall be entitled to accrue a maximum of 24 vacation days (the Maximum ).
 In addition, Executive shall be entitled to sick leave according to applicable law. Executive
 shall be entitled to cash redemption of unused accrued vacation only upon termination of
 employment. 

2.6 Bonus . Executive will be eligible for an annual discretionary bonus as determined by the Company.
 The amount of the discretionary bonus award, if any, shall be determined in good faith by
 the Company. The payment of any bonus shall be subject to Executive s continued employment
 with the Company through the date of payment in accordance with applicable laws except as
 provided herein and will be paid no later than March 15 th of the year following
 the year it is earned. 

- 2 - 

2.7 Medical
 and Dental Benefits . Company shall pay a monthly stipend to reimburse Employee for
 the full amount Employee pays for Employee s Medical and Dental Benefits up to a limit
 of 6,000 per year. Such stipend shall be grossed up such that Employee shall receive the
 full amount after taxes and withholdings. 

2.8 Additional
 Benefits . Executive shall be eligible to participate in employee benefit plans, programs
 and arrangements of the Company, consistent with the terms thereof and as such plans, programs
 and arrangements may be amended from time to time, which shall include to the extent permitted
 under each plan s terms. 

2.9 Liability
 Insurance Indemnification . The Company shall provide the Executive (including his heirs,
 executors and administrators) with coverage under a standard directors and officers 
 liability insurance policy at the Company s expense. 

3. CONFIDENTIALITY,
 NON-COMPETITION, NON-sOLITICATION AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 

The
Executive agrees to be bound by, and shall have executed and delivered to the Company, the Confidential Information, Non-Compete, Non-Solicitation
and Invention Assignment Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto 

3.1 Fiduciary
 Obligation . The Executive declares that the Executive s relationship to the Company
 is that of fiduciary, and the Executive agrees to act towards the Company and otherwise behave
 as a fiduciary of the Company. 

3.2 Remedies . The parties to this Agreement recognize that any violation or threatened violation by
 the Executive of any of the provisions contained in this Exhibit A may result in immediate
 and irreparable damage to the Company and that the Company could not adequately be compensated
 for such damage by monetary award alone. Accordingly, the Executive agrees that in the event
 of any such violation or threatened violation, the Company shall, in addition to any other
 remedies available to the Company at law or in equity, be entitled as a matter of right to
 apply to such relief by way of restraining order, temporary or permanent injunction and to
 such other relief as any court of competent jurisdiction may deem just and proper. 

3.3 Reasonable
 Restrictions . The Executive agrees that all restrictions in this Exhibit A are reasonable
 and valid, and all defenses to the strict enforcement thereof by the Company are hereby waived
 by the Executive. 

3.4 Effect
 of Termination . Exhibit A hereto shall remain in full force and effect after termination
 of this Agreement, for any reason whatsoever 

- 3 - 

4. Termination 

4.1 Termination
 For Cause . This Agreement may be terminated at any time by the Company without notice
 for Cause. For the purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean that
 the Executive shall have: 

(a) committed
 an act of fraud, embezzlement or theft in connection with the Executive s duties or
 in the course of the Executive s employment with the Company; 

(b) intentionally
 and wrongfully damaged property of the Company, or any of its respective affiliates, associates
 or customers; 

(c) intentionally
 or wrongfully disclosed any of the Confidential Information; 

(d) made
 material personal benefit at the expense of the Company without the prior written consent
 of the management of the Company; 

(e) material
 breach of this Agreement; or 

(f) willfully
 and persistently, without reasonable justification, failed or refused to follow the lawful
 and proper directives of the Company specifying in reasonable detail the alleged failure
 or refusal and after a reasonable opportunity for the Executive to cure the alleged failure
 or refusal. 

4.2 Termination
 Without Cause . Either the Executive or the Company may terminate the Executive s
 employment without Cause, for any reason whatsoever, with 45 days prior written notice within
 the first 12 months of the Executive s engagement, and 60 days, prior written notice
 thereafter Notice Period ). 

During
the Notice Period, the Executive shall cooperate with the Company, continue to perform his duties and use his best efforts to assist
in the transition of duties until the conclusion of the Notice Period. Nevertheless, the Company shall be entitled, but not obligated,
at any time prior to the expiration of the Notice Period, at its sole discretion: (i) to waive the Executive s actual work during
the Notice Period, or to reduce the scope of the Executive s work hours, while continuing to pay the Executive his regular payments
and benefits until the completion of the Notice Period; or (ii) terminate this Employment Agreement and the employment relationship,
at any time prior to the expiration of the Notice Period, and pay a cash equivalent to his Salary for the remainder of the Noticed Period
as a payment in lieu of prior notice in accordance with the law. 

- 4 - 

4.3 Return
 of Materials . Upon termination of employment hereunder, or upon any request by the Company
 at any time, the Executive will return or cause to be returned any and all Confidential Information
 and other assets of the Company (including all originals and copies thereof), which assets 
 include, without limitation, hardware, software, keys, security cards and backup tapes that
 were provided to the Executive either for the purpose of performing the employment services
 hereunder or for any other reason. The Executive acknowledges that the Confidential Information
 and the assets are proprietary to the Company, and the Executive agrees to return them to
 the Company in the same condition as the Executive received such Confidential Information
 and assets. In addition, immediately upon the termination of his employment with the Company
 (for any reason) or at such other time as directed by the Company, following coordination
 with the Company s IT persons, he shall delete any information relating to the Company
 or its business from his personal computer, if any. 

5. Mutual
 Representations 

5.1 Executive
 represents and warrants to the Company that the execution and delivery of this Agreement
 and the fulfillment of the terms hereof (i) will not constitute a default under or conflict
 with any agreement or other instrument to which he is a party or by which he is bound, and
 (ii) do not require the consent of any person or entity. 

5.2 The
 Company represents and warrants to Executive that this Agreement has been duly authorized,
 executed and delivered by the Company and that the fulfillment of the terms hereof (i) will
 not constitute a default under or conflict with any agreement of other instrument to which
 it is a party or by which it is bound, and (ii) do not require the consent of any person
 of entity. 

5.3 Each
 party hereto warrants and represents to the other that this Agreement constitutes the valid
 and binding obligation of such party enforceable against such party in accordance with its
 terms subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium and similar laws affecting
 creditors rights generally, and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles
 of equity (regardless if enforcement is sought in proceeding in equity or at law). 

6. Notices 

6.1 Notices . All notices required or allowed to be given under this Agreement shall be made either personally by delivery to or by facsimile
transmission to the address as hereinafter set forth or to such other address as may be designated from time to time by such party
in writing: 

(a) in
 the case of the Company, to: 

Oramed
Pharmaceuticals Inc. 
 1185 Avenue of the Americas, Third Floor, 
 New York, 
 NY,
10036 

- 5 - 

(b) and
 in the case of the Executive, to the Executive s last residence address known to the
 Company. 

6.2 Change
 of Address . Any party may, from time to time, change its address for service hereunder
 by written notice to the other party in the manner aforesaid. 

7. GENERAL 

7.1 Entire
 Agreement . As of from the date hereof, any and all previous agreements, written or oral
 between the parties hereto or on their behalf relating to the employment of the Executive
 by the Company are null and void. The parties hereto agree that they have expressed herein
 their entire understanding and agreement concerning the subject matter of this Agreement
 and it is expressly agreed that no implied covenant, condition, term or reservation or prior
 representation or warranty shall be read into this Agreement relating to or concerning the
 subject matter hereof or any matter or operation provided for herein. 

7.2 Further
 Assurances . Each party hereto will promptly and duly execute and deliver to the other
 party such further documents and assurances and take such further action as such other party
 may from time to time reasonably request in order to more effectively carry out the intent
 and purpose of this Agreement and to establish and protect the rights and remedies created
 or intended to be created hereby. 

7.3 Waiver . No provision hereof shall be deemed waived and no breach excused, unless such waiver
 or consent excusing the breach is made in writing and signed by the party to be charged with
 such waiver or consent. A waiver by a party of any provision of this Agreement shall not
 be construed as a waiver of a further breach of the same provision. 

7.4 Amendments
 in Writing . No amendment, modification or rescission of this Agreement shall be effective
 unless set forth in writing and signed by the parties hereto. 

7.5 Assignment . Except as herein expressly provided, the respective rights and obligations of the Executive and the Company under this Agreement
shall not be assignable by either party without the written consent of the other party and shall, subject to the foregoing, enure
to the benefit of and be binding upon the Executive and the Company and their permitted successors or assigns. Nothing herein
expressed or implied is intended to confer on any person other than the parties hereto any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities
under or by reason of this Agreement. 

- 6 - 

7.6 Severability . In the event that any provision contained in this Agreement shall be declared invalid,
 illegal or unenforceable by a court or other lawful authority of competent jurisdiction,
 such provision shall be deemed not to affect or impair the validity or enforceability of
 any other provision of this Agreement, which shall continue to have full force and effect. 

7.7 Headings . The headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience of reference only and shall
 not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement. 

7.8 Number and Gender . Wherever the singular or masculine or neuter is used in this Agreement, the
 same shall be construed as meaning the plural or feminine or a body politic or corporate
 and vice versa where the context so requires. 

7.9 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be exclusively construed and interpreted in accordance with
 the laws of the state of Delaware applicable therein, and each of the parties hereto expressly
 agrees to the jurisdiction of the courts of the state of Delaware. 

7.10 Enurement . This Agreement is intended to bind and enure to the benefit of the Company, its successors
 and assigns, and the Executive and the personal legal representatives of the Executive. 

- 7 - 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Employment Agreement as of the date first written above. 

Oramed Pharamceutical, Inc. 

/s/ Nadav Kidron 
 
 /s/ Michael
 Rabinowitz 
 
 Nadav Kidron, CEO 
 
 Michael Rabinowitz, Executive 

- 8 - 

EXHIBIT
A PROPRIETARY INFORMATION, NON COMPETE, 
NON-SOLICITATION AND PROTECTION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 

This Agreement is an Exhibit to the Employment Agreement dated July
___, 2021 by and between Michael Rabinowitz, residing in Pennsylvania (the Executive and Oramed Pharmaceuticals,
Inc, incorporated in the state of Delaware, (the Employment Agreement ). 

The
Executive warrants and undertakes that during his/her relationship with the Company and thereafter, he/she shall maintain in complete
confidence any matters that relate to the Company (together with its Affiliates shall be defined as the Company ), its affairs
or business, including regarding the terms and conditions of his/her employment, and that he/she shall not harm its goodwill or reputation,
and he/she agrees to the provisions of the confidentiality, non-competition, non-solicitation and intellectual property clauses as specified
below. 

For
avoidance of any doubt, it is hereby clarified that the Executive s obligations and representations and the Company s rights
under this Agreement shall apply retroactively as of the commencement of the parties engagement, regardless of the date of execution
of this Agreement. 

The
Executive s obligations pursuant to this Agreement derive from his/her status and his/her position in the Company, along with all
matters connected therewith, and the terms and conditions of the Executive s employment pursuant to the Employment Agreement, including
his/her compensation and benefits, have been determined in part, inter alia, in consideration of this Agreement and constitute sufficient
consideration for his/her obligations hereunder. 

1. Confidentiality 

1.1 The
 Executive undertakes to maintain the Confidential Information (as defined below) of the Company
 during the term of his/her engagement with the Company and after the termination of such,
 for any reason. The Executive acknowledges that the Confidential Information constitutes
 a proprietary right, which the Company is entitled to protect. 

1.2 Without
 derogating from the generality of the foregoing, the Executive hereby agrees that he/she
 shall not, directly or indirectly, disclose or transfer to any person or entity, at any time,
 either during or subsequent to his/her engagement with the Company, any trade secrets or
 other confidential information, whether patentable or not, of the Company, including but
 not limited to, any (i) processes, formulas, trade secrets, innovations, inventions, discoveries,
 improvements, research or development and test results, survey, specifications, data and
 know-how; (ii) marketing plans, business plans, strategies, forecasts, unpublished financial
 information, budgets, projections, product plans and pricing; (iii) personnel information,
 including organizational structure, salary, and qualifications of employees; (iv) customer
 and supplier information, including identities, product sales and purchase history or forecasts
 and agreements; and (v) any other information which is not known to the public (collectively,
 Confidential Information ), of which the Executive is or becomes informed
 or aware during his/her engagement period with the Company, whether or not developed by the
 Executive. 

- 9 - 

Exceptions.
The general prohibition contained in Sections 1.1 and 1.2 against the unauthorized disclosure, use or dissemination of the Confidential
Information shall not apply in respect of any Confidential Information that: (i) is available to the public generally in the form disclosed;
(ii) becomes part of the public domain through no fault of the Executive; (iii) is already in the lawful possession of the Executive
at the time of receipt of the Confidential Information, as can be proven by written documentation; or (iv) is compelled by applicable
law to be disclosed, provided that the Executive gives the Company prompt written notice of such requirement prior to such disclosure
and provides assistance in obtaining an order protecting the Confidential Information from public disclosure. 

1.3 The
 Executive undertakes not to directly or indirectly give or transfer, directly or indirectly,
 to any person or entity, any material, raw material, product, part of a product, model, document
 or other information storage media, or any photocopied, printed or duplicated object containing
 any or all of the Confidential Information. 

1.4 The
 Executive undertakes, that the Company may receive from third parties confidential or proprietary
 information Third Party Information subject to a duty on the Company s
 part to maintain the confidentiality of such information and to use it only for certain limited
 purposes. During the term of the Executive s relationship with the Company, and thereafter,
 the Executive will hold Third Party Information in the strictest confidence and will not
 disclose to anyone (other than Company personnel who need to know such information in connection
 with their work for the Company) or use, except solely for the purpose of and in connection
 with his/her work for the Company, Third Party Information unless expressly authorized by
 the Company in writing. 

1.5 During
 the Executive s relationship with the Company the Executive shall not improperly use
 or disclose any confidential information or trade secrets, if any, of any former employer
 or any other person to whom the Executive has an obligation of confidentiality, and the Executive
 did not and will not bring onto the premises of the Company any unpublished documents or
 any property belonging to any former employer or any other person to whom he/she has an obligation
 of confidentiality unless consented to in writing by that former employer or person. 

- 10 - 

1.6 In
 the event the Executive is in breach of any of his/her above obligations, he/she shall be
 liable to compensate the Company in respect of all damages or expenses incurred by the Company
 as a result of such breach, including legal fees and costs, without derogating from any other
 relief or remedy available to the Company by virtue of any law. 

1.7 Nothing
 in this Agreement shall prohibit Executive from (i) disclosing information and documents
 when required by law, government regulation, subpoena or court order, (ii) disclosing information
 and documents to Executive s attorney, financial or tax adviser for the purpose of
 securing legal, financial or tax advice, (iii) disclosing Executive s post-employment
 restrictions in this Agreement in confidence to any potential new employer, (iv) retaining,
 at any time, Executive s personal correspondence, Executive s personal contacts
 and documents related to Executive s own personal benefits, entitlements and obligations,
 or (v) to the minimum extent reasonable necessary in any dispute proceeding between the Company
 and Executive hereunder being conducted in accordance with Section. 

1.8 As
 set forth in 18 U.S.C. 1833(b), an individual shall not be held criminally or civilly
 liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (A)
 is made (i) in confidence to a Federal, State or local government official, either
 directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or
 investigating a suspected violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other document
 filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Nothing in this
 Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures
 of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by 18 U.S.C. 1833(b). 

2. Non-Competition/
Non-Solicitation 

The
Executive undertakes that during the period of his/her engagement with the Company and for a period of (12) months following termination
of his/her engagement with the Company Restricted Period ), for any reason: 

2.1 Executive
 shall not, anywhere in which the Company conducts business, do business, as an employee,
 independent contractor, consultant or otherwise, and shall not directly or indirectly participate
 in or accept any position, proposal or job offer that may directly or indirectly compete
 with or harm the Company; provided, however, that Executive may own securities of any corporation
 which is engaged in such business and is publicly owned and traded but in an amount not to
 exceed at any one time one percent (1 of any class of stock or securities of such company,
 so long as he has no active role in the publicly owned and traded company as director, employee,
 consultant or otherwise. 

- 11 - 

2.2 Executive
 shall not directly or indirectly, recruit or otherwise solicit or induce any client, customer,
 subscriber or supplier of the Company to (i) terminate its employment or arrangement with
 the Company, or (ii) to otherwise change its relationship with the Company. 

2.3 Executive
 shall not\ directly or indirectly, either for Executive or for any other person or entity,
 (x) solicit any employee of the Company to terminate his or her employment with the
 Company, (y) employ any such individual during his or her employment with the Company and
 for a period of twelve (12) months after such individual terminates his or her employment
 with the Company or (z) solicit any vendor or business affiliate of the Company to cease
 to do business with the Company. 

3 Intellectual
 Property, Copyright and Patents 

3.1 The
 Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Company exclusively owns and shall own
 all right, title and interest in and to any work, products, processes, materials, inventions,
 texts, algorithms, designs, sketches, ideas or discoveries, all derivatives, enhancements
 or improvements thereof and any and all Intellectual Property Rights associated therewith,
 created, conceived made or discovered by the Executive (whether solely or jointly with others)
 during the term of employment; or in connection therewith; or in connection with the Company,
 its business (actual or contemplated), products, technology or know how Company
 IPR ). Intellectual Property Rights means all worldwide (a)
 patents, patent applications, designs and patent rights; (b) rights associated with works
 of authorship, including, but not limited to, copyrights, copyrights applications, copyrights
 restrictions, mask work rights, mask work applications and mask work registrations; (c) rights
 relating to the protection of trade secrets and confidential information; (d) moral rights,
 trademarks, service marks, logos, domain names, trade dress and goodwill; (e) rights analogous
 to those set forth herein and any other proprietary rights relating to intangible property
 including ideas; and (f) divisions, continuations, renewals, reissues and extensions of the
 foregoing (as applicable) now existing or hereafter filed, issued, or acquired. 

3.2 The
 Executive acknowledges and agrees that all Company IPR and all modifications, derivatives
 and enhancements thereof belong to, and shall be the sole property of, the Company (or its
 designees) upon creation thereof. The Executive hereby irrevocably assigns to the Company
 or its designee and shall assign all right, title and interest the Executive may have or
 may acquire in and to Company IPR upon its creation. The Executive acknowledges and agrees
 that no rights relating to any Company IPR are reserved to Executive. 

- 12 - 

The
Executive will assist the Company, upon Company s first request, to obtain, and from time to time enforce, any Company IPR
worldwide, including without limitation, executing, verifying and delivering such documents and performing such other
acts as the Company may reasonably request for use in applying for, obtaining, perfecting, evidencing, sustaining and enforcing
such Company IPR. Such obligation shall remain in effect beyond the termination of the Executive s relationship with the
Company, all for no additional consideration, provided that Executive shall not be required to bear any expenses as a result of
such assignment. In the event the Company is unable for any reason, after reasonable effort, to secure Executive s signature
on any document required, Executive hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Company and its duly authorized officers and
agents as its agent and attorney in fact to act for and on its behalf to further the above purposes. 

3.4 The
 Executive represents and warrants that upon execution hereof, he/she has not created and
 does not have any right, title or interest in and to any Intellectual Property Rights related,
 similar to and/or required for Company s business, products or Intellectual Property
 Rights Prior Inventions ). The Executive undertakes not to incorporate
 any Prior Inventions or third party s Intellectual Property Rights (including of a
 former employer) in any Company IPR. 

3.5 The
 Executive undertakes to immediately inform and deliver IN WRITING to the Company, written
 notice of any Company IPR conceived or invented by him or personnel of the Company or its
 successors who are subordinate to him, immediately upon the discovery thereof. 

3.6 The
 Executive s obligations pursuant to this Section 3 shall survive the termination of
 his/her employment with the Company or its successors and assigns with respect to inventions
 conceived by him during the term of his/her employment or as a result of his/her employment
 with the Company. 

4. The Executive acknowledges that the restricted period of time and geographical are as specified hereunder are reasonable, in view of his/her position and the nature of the business in which the Company is engaged, the Executive s knowledge of the Company s business and the compensation he/she receives. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, if the period of time or the geographical area specified herein should be determined to be unreasonable in any judicial proceeding, then the period of time and area of the restriction shall be reduced so that this Undertaking may be enforced in such area and during such period of time as shall be determined to be reasonable by such judicial proceeding. The Executive acknowledges that the compensation and benefits granted to him by the Company under the Employment were determined, inter alia, in consideration for his/her obligations under this Undertaking. 

- 13 - 

5. This Undertaking, the rights of the Company hereunder, and the obligations of Employee hereunder, will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of their respective successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators and legal representatives. The Company may assign any of its rights under this Undertaking. Employee may not assign, whether voluntarily or by operation of law, any of its obligations under this Undertaking, except with the prior written consent of the Company. 

6. This Undertaking and all rights and duties of the parties hereunder shall be exclusively governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware. The competent courts of the State of Delaware, shall have the exclusive jurisdiction over the parties with regard to this Undertaking, its execution, interpretation and performance. 

7. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings ascribed to them in the Employment Agreement. 

8. This Undertaking is the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior understandings, agreements and discussions between them, oral or written. 

I,
Michael Rabinowitz, HAVE READ THIS UNDERTAKING CAREFULLY AND UNDERSTAND ITS TERMS. 

ACCEPTED
AND AGREED TO: 

/s/ Michael Rabinowitz 
 
 Date: 
 7/25/2021 

- 14 - 

ANNEX
 A 

 Use
of computer systems, internet browsing and company email 

1.
 It is strictly forbidden to make use of company 1
 computers, internet browsing or company email for any purposes which are illegal, inappropriate or unsuitable, including accessing
inappropriate or unsuitable websites (such as pornographic websites). it is additionally forbidden to install any programs on company
computer systems, or make use of any such system to transfer materials unrelated to work or detrimental to the company, its clients,
employees, or any other third party. misuse of company computers, internet browsing or company emails may cause considerable harm to
the company or other third parties, as well as the computer systems themselves and their users. if in doubt, please refer to the company
it manager. 

2.
 We would like to clarify that the company does not forbid
private use of the computer made available to you for work purpose or the office internet connection, within reasonable bounds, and while
always maintaining confidentiality (as set forth in your employment agreement), without derogating from work requirements and subject
to section 1 above. nonetheless, it is important to clarify that due to the nature of the company computer systems, network operational
maintenance requirements, as well as for the implementation of this section 2, the company may block certain websites from access, and
the company it manager may access any computer on the company network, and accordingly, any information found on your computer may be
exposed to the company it manager and his/her /her superiors. 

3.
 The company provides you with an email account exclusively
for professional use as required within the scope of your position in the company. therefore, the company shall be entitled to monitor
and conduct surveillance of the communicated data in any such professional mailbox. you are aware, and hereby consent that the company
shall be permitted to access the contents of such mailbox, should an urgent professional need arise or in case there is grave concern
or reasonable grounds for concern regarding activity which is illegal or harmful to the company or any third party (including violation
of the terms above), or in any other case in accordance with the law. such monitoring shall be conducted proportionally, in adherence
to the goals as stated above, and the information, if aggregated, shall be stored solely for the period of time required for the purposes
as stated above. the monitored information, if and any as such, shall not be transferred to any third party, excluding the security and
support service provider of the company s computer systems, any security and support service provider which shall replace it in
the future, or in accordance with the law, subject to the aforementioned. accordingly, any information found in the professional electronic
mailbox may be accessible to the company, and as such it should be taken into account that any private use of the professional mailbox
should be avoided. at the expiration of your position with the company, any private correspondence saved in the professional mailbox
must be removed (if any such correspondence exists despite the above) and any information found in the professional mailbox (which should
contain solely professional correspondence) shall be exposed to the relevant parties in the company. if you wish to do so, you may make
private use of electronic mail correspondence using a private and external mail service (such as gmail), with which you may send and
receive private correspondence which will not be exposed to the company, and so long as such use is made reasonably and in adherence
to the company policy as stated above. 

1 All
terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Employment Agreement. 

- 15 - 

4. It
is also clarified that the company may allow other employees and other third parties and use the personal laptop / laptop that is given
to you for your work. since the computer, e-mail, corporate network and internet connection are provided for professional purposes only,
the company has the right to disconnect you from such systems at its sole discretion at any time. without prejudice to the foregoing,
it is prohibited to leave these tools and / or to give access to any of these tools without supervision and / or contrary to the company s
policy. in any case where there is a concern that another party, other than you, has access to these tools (for example, in the event
of password disclosure, theft and / or loss), contact the computer administrator immediately. 

5.
 In addition, you are to avoid using the internet in
general and social networks in particular in a manner that is likely to create the impression that your private use of the social networks
is on behalf of the company and/or in its name. thus, for example, it is forbidden to upload pictures or other information connected
to the company or the company s events or the company s employees, or make use of the company s name or any insignia
in a manner that indicates that your publication is an official publication of the company, as opposed to your private publication, upon
your own authority. in any event of doubt, you may contact the it manager with any questions. 

6.
 For the avoidance of any doubt, the it manager, anyone
acting on his/her behalf, and any other person who has access to the e-mail, computer and the various folders, are to refrain from any
use at all of the information therein, including its publication or any other personal use, beyond the purposes delineated in this policy,
and to keep this information in strictest confidence. 

7.
 It is preferable, that during your absence from work,
for whatever reason, you leave an orderly out of office email message with the date of your return and a referral to whomever
is substituting for you during the period of your absence. 

8.
 You undertake that, at the termination of your employment,
you transfer the content of the computer and your email account, as is, to the it manager. if you wish to delete personal and private
files or to remove them from the computer this shall be done only with the approval of and in coordination with the it manager. 

9.
 After termination of your employment, the company, by
means of the direct supervisor and it manager, shall be entitled to access your computer, email account and folders. 

10. You
are required to keep current regarding the company s policy of computer use as will be updated from time to time. 

I
hereby read and declare I read this annex A, understood its provisions and agree thereto. 

Michael
Rabinowitz: 

/s/ Michael Rabinowitz 
 
 Date: 
 7/25/2021 

- 16 - 

</EX-10.24>

<EX-10.26>
 5
 f10k2021ex10-26_oramedpharma.htm
 FIRST AMENDMENT, DATED SEPTEMBER 19, 2021, TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, BY AND BETWEEN ORAMED LTD. AND DAVID SILBERMAN

Exhibit
10.26 

First
Amendment to Employment Agreement 

This
First Amendment to Employment Agreement (this First Amendment is entered into as of this 19th day of September
2021 and is effective as of September 1, 2021, by and between David Silberman , an individual residing in Jerusalem, Israel
(the Executive ), and Oramed Ltd., a company incorporated under the laws of the State of Israel, with
an address at Mamilla 20, Jerusalem, Israel 9414904 (the Company ). 

WHEREAS,
 the Company and the Executive entered into an employment agreement, dated as of May 23, 2021 (the Employment Agreement );
and 

WHEREAS,
 Company and the Executive desire to amend the terms and conditions of the Employment Agreement to increase the Executive s
salary. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, the Company and the Executive agree as follows: 

1.
In Section 2.1(a) of the Employment Agreement - Salary , the following paragraph is hereby added: 

As
of September 1, 2021, the Executive shall be entitled to a gross monthly salary of NIS 43,125 (the Salary ). 

2.
Except for the changes and/or additions stated herein, all the other terms of the Employment Agreement shall remain valid and
bind the parties without any change. In the case of a contradiction between the provisions of this First Amendment and the provisions
of the Employment Agreement, the provisions of this First Amendment shall prevail. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
the term Agreement as used in the Employment Agreement shall be deemed to be the Employment Agreement as amended
by this First Amendment. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this First Amendment to Employment Agreement as of September 19, 2021. 

Oramed
 Ltd. 

/s/
 Nadav Kidron 
 
 Nadav
 Kidron, CEO 

/s/
 David Silberman 
 
 David
 Silberman 

</EX-10.26>

<EX-10.31>
 6
 f10k2021ex10-31_oramedpharma.htm
 REPRESENTATIVE FORM OF INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENTS BETWEEN ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. AND EACH OF OUR DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

Exhibit 10.31 

INDEMNIFICATION
AGREEMENT 

THIS
INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT (the Agreement is made and entered into as of August 30, 2016 between Oramed Pharmaceuticals
Inc. , a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Kevin Rakin Indemnitee ). 

WHEREAS,
highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve corporations as directors or officers unless they are provided with adequate
protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their
service to and activities on behalf of the corporation; 

WHEREAS,
the By-laws and/or the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company require indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company.
Indemnitee may also be entitled to indemnification pursuant to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware DGCL ).
The By-laws and/or Certificate of Incorporation and the DGCL expressly provide that the indemnification provisions set forth therein
are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the Company and members of the Board of Directors
of the Company (the Board officers and other persons with respect to indemnification; 

WHEREAS,
the Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests
of the Company s stockholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of
such protection in the future; 

WHEREAS,
it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, and to advance expenses on behalf
of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from
undue concern that they will not be so indemnified; 

WHEREAS,
this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the By-laws and/or Certificate of Incorporation of the Company and any resolutions
adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder;
and 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of Indemnitee s agreement to serve as an officer and director from and after the date hereof, the parties
hereto agree as follows: 

1.
 Indemnity of Indemnitee . The Company hereby agrees to hold harmless and indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by
law, as such may be amended from time to time. In furtherance of the foregoing indemnification, and without limiting the generality thereof: 

(a)
 Proceedings Other Than Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company . Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification
provided in this Section l(a) if, by reason of his Corporate Status (as hereinafter defined), the Indemnitee is, or is threatened
to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding (as hereinafter defined) other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company.
Pursuant to this Section 1(a) , Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses (as hereinafter defined), judgments, penalties,
fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him, or on his behalf, in connection with such Proceeding or
any claim, issue or matter therein, if the Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner the Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in
or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, and with respect to any criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe
the Indemnitee s conduct was unlawful. 

(b)
 Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company . Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this
 Section 1(b) if, by reason of his Corporate Status, the Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant
in any Proceeding brought by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant to this Section 1(b) , Indemnitee shall be indemnified against
all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the Indemnitee, or on the
Indemnitee s behalf, in connection with such Proceeding if the Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner the Indemnitee reasonably
believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company; provided, however, if applicable law so provides, no indemnification
against such Expenses shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter in such Proceeding as to which Indemnitee shall have been
adjudged to be liable to the Company unless and to the extent that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall determine that
such indemnification may be made. 

(c)
 Indemnification for Expenses of a Party Who is Wholly or Partly Successful . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement,
to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his Corporate Status, a party to and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any
Proceeding, he shall be indemnified to the maximum extent permitted by law, as such may be amended from time to time, against all Expenses,
judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection therewith.
If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than
all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably
incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. For purposes of this Section and
without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall
be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter. 

2.
 Additional Indemnity . In addition to, and without regard to any limitations on, the indemnification provided for in Section
1 of this Agreement, the Company shall and hereby does indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee against all Expenses, judgments, penalties,
fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf if, by reason of his Corporate Status,
he is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company),
including, without limitation, all liability arising out of the negligence or active or passive wrongdoing of Indemnitee. The only limitation
that shall exist upon the Company s obligations pursuant to this Agreement shall be that the Company shall not be obligated to
make any payment to Indemnitee that is finally determined (under the procedures, and subject to the presumptions, set forth in Sections
5 and 6 hereof) to be unlawful. 

2 

3.
 Contribution . 

(a)
Whether or not the indemnification provided in Sections 1 and 2 hereof is available in respect of any threatened, pending
or completed Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such action, suit or proceeding),
the Company shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount of any judgment or settlement of such Proceeding without requiring Indemnitee
to contribute to such payment and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes any right of contribution it may have against Indemnitee.
The Company shall not enter into any settlement of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be
if joined in such Proceeding) unless such settlement provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee. 

(b)
Without diminishing or impairing the obligations of the Company set forth in the preceding subparagraph, if, for any reason, Indemnitee
shall elect or be required by law to pay all or any portion of any judgment or settlement in any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding
in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), the Company shall contribute to the
amount of Expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred and paid or payable by Indemnitee
in proportion to the relative benefits received by the Company and all officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee,
who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand,
from the transaction or events from which such Proceeding arose; provided, however, that the proportion determined on the basis of relative
benefit may, to the extent necessary to conform to law, be further adjusted by reference to the relative fault of the Company and all
officers, directors or employees of the Company other than Indemnitee who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in
such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, in connection with the transaction or events that resulted in such
Expenses, judgments, fines or settlement amounts, as well as any other equitable considerations which applicable law may require to be
considered. The relative fault of the Company and all officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who are
jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, shall
be determined by reference to, among other things, the degree to which their actions were motivated by intent to gain personal profit
or advantage, the degree to which their liability is primary or secondary and the degree to which their conduct is active or passive. 

(c)
The Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify and hold Indemnitee harmless from any claims of contribution which may be brought by officers,
directors or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee. 

(d)
To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to Indemnitee
for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall contribute to the amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether
for judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any claim
relating to an indemnifiable event under this Agreement, in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances
of such Proceeding in order to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and/or
transaction(s) giving cause to such Proceeding; and/or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees
and agents) and Indemnitee in connection with such event(s) and/or transaction(s). 

3 

3.
 Indemnification for Expenses of a Witness . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee
is, by reason of his Corporate Status, a witness, or is made (or asked) to respond to discovery requests, in any Proceeding to which
Indemnitee is not a party, he shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection
therewith. 

4.
 Advancement of Expenses . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company shall advance all Expenses incurred
by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding by reason of Indemnitee s Corporate Status within thirty (30) days
after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements from Indemnitee requesting such advance or advances from time to time,
whether prior to or after final disposition of such Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses incurred
by Indemnitee and shall include or be preceded or accompanied by a written undertaking by or on behalf of Indemnitee to repay any Expenses
advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by a final judicial determination (as to which all rights of appeal therefrom have been
exhausted or lapsed) that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified against such Expenses. Any advances and undertakings to repay
pursuant to this Section 4 shall be unsecured and interest free. 

5.
 Procedures and Presumptions for Determination of Entitlement to Indemnification . It is the intent of this Agreement to secure
for Indemnitee rights of indemnity that are as favorable as may be permitted under the DGCL and public policy of the State of Delaware.
Accordingly, the parties agree that the following procedures and presumptions shall apply in the event of any question as to whether
Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement: 

(a)
To obtain indemnification under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request, including therein or therewith
such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what
extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, provided that Indemnitee shall not be required to provide any documentation or information
which is privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure. The Secretary of the Company shall, promptly upon receipt of such a request
for indemnification, advise the Board in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any failure
of Indemnitee to provide such a request to the Company, or to provide such a request in a timely fashion, shall not relieve the Company
of any liability that it may have to Indemnitee unless, and to the extent that, such failure actually and materially prejudices the interests
of the Company. 

(b)
Upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to the first sentence of Section 5(a) hereof, a determination
with respect to Indemnitee s entitlement thereto shall be made in the specific case by one of the following four methods, which
shall be at the election of Indemnitee, in his sole discretion: (1) by a majority vote of the disinterested directors, even though less
than a quorum, (2) by a majority vote of a committee of disinterested directors designated by a majority vote of the disinterested directors,
even though less than a quorum, (3) if there are no disinterested directors or if a Change of Control shall have occurred after the date
hereof, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to the Indemnitee, or (4) by a simple
majority of the stockholders of the Company voting on the matter. For purposes hereof, disinterested directors are those members of the
Board who are not parties to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee. 

4 

Change
of Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following: 

(a)
any person, as such term is currently used in Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934
Act (a person ), becomes a beneficial owner (as such term is currently used in Rule 13d-3 promulgated
under the 1934 Act (a Beneficial Owner of 30 or more of the Voting Stock (as defined below) of the Company; 

(b)
the Board of Directors of the Company adopts any plan of liquidation providing for the distribution of all or substantially all of the
Company s assets; 

(c)
all or substantially all of the assets or business of the Company are disposed of in any one or more transactions pursuant to a sale,
merger, consolidation or other transaction (unless the shareholders of the Company immediately prior to such sale, merger, consolidation
or other transaction beneficially own, directly or indirectly, in substantially the same proportion as they owned the Voting Stock of
the Company, more than fifty percent (50 of the Voting Stock or other ownership interests of the entity or entities, if any, that succeed
to the business of the Company); 

(d)
the Company combines with another company and is the surviving corporation but, immediately after the combination, the shareholders of
the Company immediately prior to the combination hold, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50 or less of the Voting Stock of the
combined company; or 

(e)
Continuing Directors cease to constitute at least a majority of the Board of Directors of the Company. 

Voting
Stock of any entity shall mean the issued and outstanding share capital or other securities of any class or classes having
general voting power under ordinary circumstances, in the absence of contingencies, to elect the members of the board of directors (or
members of a similar managerial body if such entity has no board of directors) of such entity. 

Continuing
Director means a director who either was a director of the Company on the Commencement Date or who became a director of the
Company subsequent thereto and whose election, or nomination for election by the Company s shareholders, was approved by a majority
of the Continuing Directors then on the Board of Directors of the Company. 

5 

(c)
If the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 5(b) hereof, the
Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 5(c) . The Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board.
Indemnitee may, within 10 days after such written notice of selection shall have been given, deliver to the Company a written objection
to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected
does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in this Agreement, and the objection shall set
forth with reasonable particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected
shall act as Independent Counsel. If a written objection is made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel selected may not serve as
Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If,
within 20 days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 5(a) hereof, no Independent
Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Court of Chancery of the State
of Delaware or other court of competent jurisdiction for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Indemnitee to
the Company s selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by the court
or by such other person as the court shall designate, and the person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person
so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 5(b) hereof. The Company shall pay any and all reasonable fees and
expenses of Independent Counsel incurred by such Independent Counsel in connection with acting pursuant to Section 5(b) hereof,
and the Company shall pay all reasonable fees and expenses (including those incurred by Indemnitee) incident to the procedures of this
 Section 5(c) , regardless of the manner in which such Independent Counsel was selected or appointed. 

(d)
In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person or persons or entity making such determination
shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall
have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. Neither the failure of the Company (including
by its directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement
that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination
by the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall
be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct. 

(e)
Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitee s action is based on the records or books of account of the
Enterprise (as hereinafter defined), including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the officers of the
Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise or on information or records given or
reports made to the Enterprise by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected by the Enterprise.
In addition, the knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any director, officer, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not
be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement. Whether or not the foregoing
provisions of this Section 5(e) are satisfied, it shall in any event be presumed that Indemnitee has at all times acted in good
faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal
Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption
shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. 

6 

(f)
If the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 5 to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification
shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination
of entitlement to indemnification shall be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification absent (i)
a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitee s statement not
materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable
law; provided, however, that such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional thirty (30) days,
if the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires such
additional time to obtain or evaluate documentation and/or information relating thereto; and provided, further, that the foregoing provisions
of this Section 5(f) shall not apply if the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by the stockholders
pursuant to Section 5(b) of this Agreement and if (A) within fifteen (15) days after receipt by the Company of the request for
such determination, the Board or the Disinterested Directors, if appropriate, resolve to submit such determination to the stockholders
for their consideration at an annual meeting thereof to be held within sixty (60) days after such receipt and such determination is made
thereat, or (B) a special meeting of stockholders is called within fifteen (15) days after such receipt for the purpose of making such
determination, such meeting is held for such purpose within forty (40) days after having been so called and such determination is made
thereat. 

(g)
Indemnitee shall cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitee s entitlement
to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information
which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary
to such determination. Any Independent Counsel, member of the Board or stockholder of the Company shall act reasonably and in good faith
in making a determination regarding the Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification under this Agreement. Any costs or expenses
(including attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making
such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification)
and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom. 

(h)
The Company acknowledges that a settlement or other disposition short of final judgment may be successful if it permits a party to avoid
expense, delay, distraction, disruption and uncertainty. In the event that any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is a party is resolved
in any manner other than by adverse judgment against Indemnitee (including, without limitation, settlement of such Proceeding with or
without payment of money or other consideration) it shall be presumed that Indemnitee has been successful on the merits or otherwise
in such Proceeding. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear
and convincing evidence. 

7 

(i)
The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea
of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect
the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee
had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. 

6.
 Remedies of Indemnitee . 

(a)
In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to
indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section 4 of this Agreement,
(iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification is made pursuant to Section 5(b) of this Agreement within 30 days after
receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification (subject to extension, as provided in Section 5(f) ), (iv) payment of
indemnification is not made pursuant to this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor
or (v) payment of indemnification is not made within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to
indemnification or such determination is deemed to have been made pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be
entitled to an adjudication in an appropriate court of the State of Delaware, or in any other court of competent jurisdiction, of Indemnitee s
entitlement to such indemnification. Indemnitee shall commence such proceeding seeking an adjudication within 180 days following the
date on which Indemnitee first has the right to commence such proceeding pursuant to this Section 6(a) . The Company shall not
oppose Indemnitee s right to seek any such adjudication. 

(b)
In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 5(b) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled
to indemnification, any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section 6 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo
trial on the merits, and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of the adverse determination under Section 5(b) . 

(c)
If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 5(b) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification,
the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section 6 , absent (i) a
misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitee s misstatement not
materially misleading in connection with the application for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable
law. 

8 

(d)
In the event that Indemnitee, pursuant to this Section 6 , seeks a judicial adjudication of his rights under, or to recover damages
for breach of, this Agreement, or to recover under any directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by
the Company, the Company shall pay on his behalf, in advance within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement from
Indemnitee requesting such payment, any and all expenses (of the types described in the definition of Expenses in this Agreement) actually
and reasonably incurred by him in such judicial adjudication, regardless of whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled
to such indemnification, advancement of expenses or insurance recovery. 

(e)
The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section 6 that the procedures
and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court that the Company is bound
by all the provisions of this Agreement. The Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against any and all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee,
shall (within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefore) advance, to the extent not prohibited by law,
such expenses to Indemnitee, which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any action brought by Indemnitee for indemnification
or advance of Expenses from the Company under this Agreement or under any directors and officers liability insurance policies
maintained by the Company, regardless of whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, advancement
of Expenses or insurance recovery, as the case may be. 

(f)
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, no determination as to entitlement to indemnification under this Agreement
shall be required to be made prior to the final disposition of the Proceeding. 

7.
 Non-Exclusivity; Survival of Rights; Insurance; Primacy of Indemnification; Subrogation . 

(a)
The rights of indemnification as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may
at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation, the By-laws, any agreement, a vote of stockholders, a
resolution of directors of the Company, or otherwise. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof
shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in
his Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in the DGCL, whether by statute or judicial
decision, permits greater indemnification than would be afforded currently under the Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws and this Agreement,
it is the intent of the parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change.
No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall
be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise.
The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment
of any other right or remedy. 

9 

(b)
To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, employees,
or agents or fiduciaries of the Company or of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other
enterprise that such person serves at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance
with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary under
such policy or policies. If, at the time of the receipt of a notice of a claim pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company has directors 
and officers liability insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of the commencement of such proceeding to the
insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable
action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of the Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such proceeding in accordance with
the terms of such policies. 

(c)
In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights
of recovery of Indemnitee (other than against the Outside Indemnitors), who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary
to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights. 

(d)
The Company hereby acknowledges that the Indemnitee may have other sources of indemnification or insurance, whether currently in force
or established in the future (collectively, the Outside Indemnitors ). The Company hereby agrees: (i) that it is
the indemnitor of first resort (i.e., its obligations to the Indemnitee are primary and any obligation of the Outside Indemnitors to
advance expenses or to provide indemnification for the same expenses or liabilities incurred by the Indemnitee are secondary); (ii) that
it shall be required to advance the full amount of Expenses incurred by the Indemnitee and shall be liable in full for all indemnifiable
amounts to the extent legally permitted and as required by the Company s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws or any agreement
between the Company and the Indemnitee, without regard to any rights the Indemnitee may have against the Outside Indemnitors and (iii)
that it irrevocably waives, relinquishes and releases the Outside Indemnitors from any and all claims against the Outside Indemnitors
for contribution, subrogation or any other recovery of any kind in respect thereof. The Company further agrees that no advancement or
payment by the Outside Indemnitors on behalf of the Indemnitee with respect to any claim for which the Indemnitee have sought indemnification
from the Company shall affect the foregoing and the Outside Indemnitors shall have a right of contribution and/or be subrogated to the
extent of such advancement or payment to all of the rights of recovery of the Indemnitee against the Company. The Company and the Indemnitee
agree that the Outside Indemnitors are express third party beneficiaries of the terms hereof. 

(e)
The Company s obligation to indemnify or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company
as a director, officer, employee or agent of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other
enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification or advancement of expenses from such other
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise. 

10 

8.
 Exception to Right of Indemnification . Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under
this Agreement to make any indemnity in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee: 

(a)
for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within
the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or similar provisions of state statutory law
or common law; or 

(b)
in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any
Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board
authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation, (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, in
its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law or (iii) such Proceeding is brought by Indemnitee
to assert, interpret or enforce his rights under this Agreement. 

9. Duration
of Agreement . All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee is an
officer or director of the Company (or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent of
another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise) and shall continue thereafter so long as Indemnitee
shall be subject to any Proceeding (or any proceeding commenced under Section 6 hereof) by reason of his Corporate Status,
whether or not he is acting or serving in any such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which
indemnification can be provided under this Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be
enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger,
consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company), assigns, spouses, heirs, executors
and personal and legal representatives. 

10.
 Security . To the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the Board, the Company may at any time and from time to time provide
security to Indemnitee for the Company s obligations hereunder through an irrevocable bank line of credit, funded trust or other
collateral. Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the prior written consent of the Indemnitee. 

11.
 Enforcement . 

(a)
The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumes the obligations imposed on it hereby in
order to induce Indemnitee to serve as an officer or director of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying
upon this Agreement in serving as an officer or director of the Company. 

(b)
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all
prior agreements, and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

(c)
The Company shall not seek from a court, or agree to, a bar order which would have the effect of prohibiting or limiting
the Indemnitee s rights to receive advancement of expenses under this Agreement. 

11 

12.
 Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement: 

(a)
 Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary
of the Company or any subsidiary thereof or of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other
enterprise that such person is or was serving at the express written request of the Company. 

(b)
 Disinterested Director means a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect
of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee and who is not subject to any other relationship that may reasonably prejudice such
director s determination as to the Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification hereunder. 

(c)
 Enterprise shall mean the Company and any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit
plan or other enterprise that Indemnitee is or was serving at the express written request of the Company as a director, officer, employee,
agent or fiduciary. 

(d)
 Expenses shall include all reasonable attorneys fees, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts,
witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees and all
other disbursements or expenses of the types customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or
defend, investigating, participating, or being or preparing to be a witness in a Proceeding, or responding to, or objecting to, a request
to provide discovery in any Proceeding. Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any
Proceeding and any federal, state, local or foreign taxes imposed on the Indemnitee as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any
payments under this Agreement, including without limitation the premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersede
as bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent. 

(e)
 Independent Counsel means a law firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law
and neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material
to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar
indemnification agreements), or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional
conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine
Indemnitee s rights under this Agreement. The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees of the Independent Counsel referred to
above and to fully indemnify such counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to
this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto. 

(f)
 Proceeding includes any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, alternate dispute resolution
mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought by
or in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, in which Indemnitee was, is
or will be involved as a party or otherwise, by reason of his or his Corporate Status, by reason of any action taken by him or of any
inaction on his part while acting in his Corporate Status; in each case whether or not he is acting or serving in any such capacity at
the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification can be provided under this Agreement; including one pending on
or before the date of this Agreement, but excluding one initiated by an Indemnitee pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement to
enforce his rights under this Agreement. 

12 

13.
 Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision hereof shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability
of any other provision. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, this Agreement is intended to confer upon Indemnitee indemnification
rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws. In the event any provision hereof conflicts with any applicable law, such
provision shall be deemed modified, consistent with the aforementioned intent, to the extent necessary to resolve such conflict. 

14.
 Modification and Waiver . No supplement, modification, termination or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed
in writing by both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a
waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver. 

15.
 Notice By Indemnitee . Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify the Company in writing upon being served with or otherwise receiving
any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may
be subject to indemnification covered hereunder. The failure to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation
which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise unless and only to the extent that such failure or delay materially
prejudices the Company. 

16.
 Notices . All notices and other communications given or made pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed
effectively given: (a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if
sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not so confirmed, then on the next business day, (c) five (5) days after having
been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally
recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent to
Indemnitee at the address set forth below Indemnitee signature hereto, and to the Company, at its principal executive offices to the
attention of the President, or to such other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by the Company or to the Company by Indemnitee,
as the case may be. 

17.
 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of
which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. This Agreement may also be executed and delivered by facsimile signature
and in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same
instrument. 

13 

18.
 Headings . The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute
part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof. 

19.
 Governing Law and Consent to Jurisdiction . This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties with respect to the subject
matter of this Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without
regard to its conflict of laws rules. The Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that any action or
proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (the
 Delaware Court ), and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any
other country, (ii) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising
out of or in connection with this Agreement, (iii) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the
Delaware Court, and (iv) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Delaware
Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum. 

SIGNATURE
PAGE TO FOLLOW 

14 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Indemnification Agreement on and as of the day and year first above written. 

COMPANY 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Nadav Kidron 

Name: 
 Nadav Kidron 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

INDEMNITEE 

/s/ Kevin
 Rakin 

Name: 
 Kevin Rakin 

Address: 
 36 Church Lane, Westport, CT 06880, USA 

15 

Schedule
to Exhibit 10.2 

The
following executive officers and directors are each party to an Indemnification Agreement or Amended and Restated Indemnification Agreement
with the Company, each of which is substantially identical in all material respects to the representative Indemnification Agreement filed
herewith and is dated as of the respective date listed below. 

Name
 of Signatory 
 
 Date 
 
 Nadav Kidron 
 
 March
 26, 2017 
 
 President, Chief Executive
 Officer and Director 

Miriam Kidron 
 
 March
 26, 2017 
 
 Chief Medical and Technology
 Officer and Director 

Avraham Gabay 
 
 May
 19, 2019 
 
 Former Chief Financial
 Officer 

Aviad Friedman 
 
 March
 26, 2017 
 
 Director 

Dr. Arie Mayer, Ph.D. 
 
 December
 5, 2019 
 
 Director 

Leonard Sank 
 
 January
 26, 2017 
 
 Director 

Joshua Hexter 
 
 September
 8, 2019 
 
 Chief Operating Business
 Officer 

David Silberman 
 
 July
 4, 2021 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Michael Rabinowitz 
 
 July
 25, 2021 
 
 Chief Commercial Officer 

16 

</EX-10.31>

<EX-10.33>
 7
 f10k2021ex10-33_oramedpharma.htm
 FIRST AMENDMENT, DATED SEPTEMBER 19, 2021, TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, BY AND BETWEEN ORAMED LTD. AND JOSHUA HEXTER

Exhibit
10.33 

First
Amendment to Employment Agreement 

This
First Amendment to Employment Agreement (this First Amendment is entered into as of this 19th day of September
2021 and is effective as of September 1, 2021, by and between Joshua Hexter , an individual residing in Jerusalem, Israel
(the Executive ), and Oramed Ltd., a company incorporated under the laws of the State of Israel, with
an address at Mamilla 20, Jerusalem, Israel 9414904 (the Company ). 

WHEREAS,
 the Company and the Executive entered into an employment agreement, dated as of August 18, 2021 (the Employment
Agreement ); and 

WHEREAS,
 Company and the Executive desire to amend the terms and conditions of the Employment Agreement to increase the Executive s
salary. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, the Company and the Executive agree as follows: 

1.
In Section 2.1(a) of the Employment Agreement Salary, the following paragraph is hereby added: 

As
of September 1, 2021, the Executive shall be entitled to a gross monthly salary of NIS 64,400 (the Salary ). 

2.
Except for the changes and/or additions stated herein, all the other terms of the Employment Agreement shall remain valid and
bind the parties without any change. In the case of a contradiction between the provisions of this First Amendment and the provisions
of the Employment Agreement, the provisions of this First Amendment shall prevail. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
the term Agreement as used in the Employment Agreement shall be deemed to be the Employment Agreement as amended
by this First Amendment. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this First Amendment to Employment Agreement as of September 19, 2021. 

Oramed
 Ltd. 

/s/
 Nadav Kidron 
 
 Nadav
 Kidron, CEO 

/s/
 Joshua Hexter 
 
 Joshua
 Hexter 

</EX-10.33>

<EX-21.1>
 8
 f10k2021ex21-1_oramedpharma.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit
21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES 

Oramed
Ltd. Incorporated in the State of Israel 

Oramed
HK Limited Incorporated in Hong Kong 

Oravax
Medical Inc. Incorporated in the State of Delaware (63 owned by Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc.) 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 9
 f10k2021ex23-1_oramedpharma.htm
 CONSENT OF KESSELMAN & KESSELMAN, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM.

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statements on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-252696 and 333-257926 and 333-190497) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-244380, 333-234303, 333-213835, 333-199120,
333-190222 and 333-163919) of Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. of our report dated November 24, 2021 relating to the financial statements,
which appears in this Form 10-K. 

Tel-Aviv, Israel 
 /S/ Kesselman Kesselman 
 
 November 24, 2021 
 Certified Public Accountants (lsr.) 

A member firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited 

Kesselman Kesselman, Derech Menachem Begin 146, Tel-Aviv 6492103,
Israel, 

 P.O Box 7187 Tel-Aviv 6107120 Telephone: +972 -3- 7954555, Fax:+972
-3- 7954556, www.pwc.com/il 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 f10k2021ex31-1_oramedpharma.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND
15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS
AMENDED 

I, Nadav Kidron, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Oramed
Pharmaceuticals Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 24, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ Nadav Kidron 

Nadav Kidron 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 f10k2021ex31-2_oramedpharma.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND
15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS
AMENDED 

I, David Silberman, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Oramed
Pharmaceuticals Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 24, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ David Silberman 

David Silberman 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 f10k2021ex32-1_oramedpharma.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

In
connection with the annual report of Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc., or the Company, on Form 10-K for the period ended August 31, 2021,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, or the Report, I, Nadav Kidron, President and Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained
 in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November
 24, 2021 
 /s/
 Nadav Kidron 

Nadav Kidron 

President and Chief Executive
 Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 13
 f10k2021ex32-2_oramedpharma.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION

PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

In
connection with the annual report of Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc., or the Company, on Form 10-K for the period ended August 31,
2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, or the Report, I, David Silberman, Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information
 contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
 Company. 

Dated:
 November 24, 2021 
 /s/
 David Silberman 

David Silberman 

Chief Financial
 Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 16
 ormp-20210831.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 17
 ormp-20210831_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 18
 ormp-20210831_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 19
 ormp-20210831_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 20
 ormp-20210831_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

