<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211004_10-K_edgar_data_23197_0000023197-21-000082.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15949820</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>758289</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2242702</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5988910</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3550014</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3104033</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000023197-21-000082.hdr.sgml : 20211004
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211004160749
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000023197-21-000082
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		106
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211004
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211004

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000023197
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO & TV BROADCASTING & COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT [3663]
		IRS NUMBER:				112139466
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-07928
		FILM NUMBER:		211302767

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		68 SOUTH SERVICE ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 230
		CITY:			MELVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11747
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6319627000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		68 SOUTH SERVICE ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 230
		CITY:			MELVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11747

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COMTECH INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19870503

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19831215

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COMTECH LABORATORIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19780425

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000023197-21-000082.txt : 20211004

10-K
 1
 cmtl-20210731.htm
 10-K

cmtl-20210731 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation /organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) , , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 (Title of class) 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 of Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data file required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing sales price as quoted on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on January 31, 2021 was approximately . 
 
 The number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding on September 30, 2021 was . 

INDEX PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 1 
 Corporate Strategies 
 2 
 Competitive Strengths 
 2 
 Business Segments 
 5 
 Commercial Solutio n s Segment 
 6 
 Government Solutions Segment 
 8 
 Acquisitions 
 10 
 Sales, Marketing and Customer Support 
 10 
 Backlog 
 11 
 Manufacturing and Service 
 12 
 Research and Development 
 13 
 Intellectual Property 
 13 
 Competition 
 14 
 Human Capital 14 
 U.S. Government Contracts and Security Clearances 
 15 
 Regulatory Matters 
 16 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 17 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 44 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 45 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 47 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 47 
 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 47 
 Stock Performance Graph and Cumulative Total Return 
 47 
 Dividends 
 48 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 48 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 48 
 Approximate Number of Equity Security Holders 
 48 
 ITEM 6. SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA 
 48 
 
 i 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 51 
 Overview 
 51 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 52 
 Results of Operations 
 57 
 Impact of COVID-19 and Business Outlook for Fiscal 2022 
 58 
 Comparison of Fiscal 2021 and 2020 
 59 
 Comparison of Fiscal 2020 and 2019 
 67 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 73 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 77 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 78 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 78 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 78 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 79 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 79 
 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 80 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 80 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 80 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 80 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 80 
 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 81 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 83 
 SIGNATURES 
 84 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULE 
 F- 1 

ii 

Note: As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the terms "Comtech," "we," "us," "our" and "our Company" mean Comtech Telecommunications Corp. and its subsidiaries. 
 
 Note About Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Form 10-K contains "forward-looking statements," including statements concerning the future of our industry, product development, pending litigation, potential transactions, business strategy, continued acceptance of our products, market demand and growth, and dependence on significant customers. These statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "may," "will," "should," "could," "would," "expect," "plan," "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "predict," "potential," "continue," the negative of these terms, or other similar words or comparable terminology. In general, all statements of fact in this report other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking information. When considering forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind the risk factors and other cautionary statements included in this Form 10-K, because these risks and factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in such forward-looking statements. However, the risks described in this Form 10-K are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties, not currently known to us or that do not currently appear to be material, may also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results in the future. We describe risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially in "Risk Factors" (Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K), "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" (Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K) and "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk" (Part II, Item 7A of this Form 10-K). We do not intend to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 
 PART I 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 We are a leading global provider of next-generation 911 emergency systems ("NG-911") and secure wireless communications technologies. Our solutions fulfill our customers needs for secure wireless communications in some of the most demanding environments, including those where traditional communications are unavailable or cost-prohibitive, and in mission-critical and other scenarios where performance is crucial. In recent years, an increase in market demand for global voice, video and data usage has contributed to our growth. We provide our solutions to both commercial and governmental customers. 
 
 As more fully described elsewhere in this Form 10-K, we navigated the challenges of operating our global business during the period where COVID-19 impacted many of our customers. We achieved fiscal 2021 consolidated net sales of 581.7 million and achieved significant year-over-year bookings and backlog growth. We completed the acquisition of a leading provider of innovative and disruptive satellite ground station technology solutions. We also entered into a multi-year agreement enabling a large new customer to potentially order hundreds of millions of dollars of our next-generation satellite earth station technology that can be used with thousands of Low-Earth-Orbit ("LEO") satellites reportedly being launched over the next several years. Adding to our strength, we won over 200.0 million of new NG-911 contract awards that we believe can provide years of recurring revenue. We believe that as COVID-19 subsides and the global economy fully reopens, our business performance in future periods will improve from current levels. 
 
 Our Business Outlook for Fiscal 2022 is discussed further in Part II - "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Impact of COVID-19 and Business Outlook for Fiscal 2022 ." For a definition and explanation of Adjusted EBITDA, see Part II - "Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Comparison of Fiscal 2021 and 2020 - Adjusted EBITDA ." 
 
 Our Internet website is www.comtechtel.com and we make available on our website: our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), including annual reports, quarterly reports, current reports and any amendments to those filings. The reference to our website address does not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained therein into this Form 10-K. We also use our website to disseminate other material information to our investors (on the Home Page and in the "Investor Relations" section). Among other things, we post on our website our press releases and information about our public conference calls (including the scheduled dates, times and the methods by which investors and others can listen to those calls), and we make available for replay webcasts of those calls and other presentations for a limited time. 
 
 We also use social media channels to communicate with customers and the public about our Company, our products, services and other issues, and we use social media and the Internet to communicate with investors, including information about our stockholder meetings. Information and updates about our Annual Meetings will continue to be posted on our website at www.comtechtel.com in the "Investor Relations" section. 
 
 1 

We are incorporated in the state of Delaware and were founded in 1967. 

Corporate Strategies 
 
 We intend to manage our business with the following principal corporate strategies: 
 
 Seek leadership positions in markets where we can provide differentiated products and technology solutions; 
 
 Identify and participate in emerging technologies that enhance or expand our product portfolio; 
 
 Maximize responsiveness to our customers, including offering more integrated systems and solutions; 
 
 Expand and further penetrate our diversified and balanced customer base; and 
 
 Pursue acquisitions of complementary businesses and technologies. 

Competitive Strengths 
 
 The successful execution of our principal corporate strategies is based on our competitive strengths, including the following: 
 
 (1) We Have Significant Exposure to Large, Growing End Markets 
 
 We believe we are well positioned to capitalize on some of the most significant long-term technology trends occurring worldwide and that customers around the world will increasingly turn to us to fulfill their needs for secure wireless communications in some of the most demanding environments, including those where traditional communications are unavailable or cost-prohibitive, and in mission-critical and other scenarios where performance is crucial. These important technology trends include the expansion of 5G mobile networks and the integration of satellite communications into mobile phones, the need for public safety agencies to seamlessly integrate various networks and protocols and utilize precise location to connect individuals with first responders, the expanding breadth of High Definition ("HD") and 4K broadcasting content, and the need for governments to have more modern and mobile communications and transmission equipment to successfully complete mission-critical goals. We believe that all these long-term trends generate growth in global voice, video and data usage that, in turn, drives increased long-term demand for the secure wireless communications solutions that we provide. 
 
 We are in the process of further focusing both our research and development and marketing efforts to advance our next-generation satellite technology solution offerings that are targeted for use on new broadband satellite constellations. Thousands of new LEO, medium-earth-orbit ("MEO") and even geosynchronous equatorial orbit ("GEO") satellites are reportedly being launched over the next several years. Satellite constellations will provide internet access across the world, support increasing demand for data transmission, and will be facilitated by solutions that we provide, including ground station equipment such as Single Channel per Carrier ("SCPC") and time division multiple access TDMA modems, solid-state amplifiers and X/Y steerable antennas. In fiscal 2021, we entered into a strategic and highly valued multi-year agreement enabling a large new customer to potentially order hundreds of millions of dollars of our next-generation satellite earth station technology that can be used with the thousands of LEO satellites reportedly being launched over the next several years. Shortly after we signed this agreement, we received our first order valued at more than 13.0 million to make certain customizations on behalf of this customer. Work on these efforts commenced immediately. 

2 

(2) We Believe We Are a Market Leader in the End-Markets That We Serve 
 
 Commercial Solutions Segment 
 Satellite Ground Station Technologies - We believe we are the leading provider of satellite earth station modems, solid-state amplifiers and traveling wave tube amplifiers. Many of our key satellite earth station modems incorporate Turbo Product Code ("TPC") or Low Density Parity Check ("LDPC") forward error correction and bandwidth compression technologies, which enable our customers to optimize their satellite networks by either reducing their satellite transponder lease costs or increasing data throughput. We hold leadership positions in the market for high throughput modems used in cellular backhaul, a market that has been rapidly growing due to increased mobile phone use as well as LTE and 5G deployments. In fiscal 2021, we added to our product portfolio software-defined TDMA technology, which delivers industry-leading bandwidth-efficiency and flexibility to our customers. Our amplifier products are used to amplify signals carrying voice, video or data for air-to-satellite-to-ground communications and are vital to satellite communication applications such as traditional broadcast, direct-to-home ("DTH") broadcast and satellite newsgathering. We differentiate our amplifier product offerings by our ability to develop the most efficient size, weight and power profile. We believe that our expertise complying with regulatory and performance restrictions, particularly in challenging frequency bands such as X, Ka and Q, is a key differentiator. Demand for equipment in these challenging frequency bands is expected to grow over the coming years as new constellations are launched, such as Amazon Kuiper, SpaceX Starlink, Telesat Lightspeed and High Throughput Satellites ("HTS") from other providers. Certain of our amplifiers are DO-160 certified (an airborne quality standard) and when incorporated into an aircraft satellite communication system, can provide passengers, both commercial and military, with email, Internet access and video conferencing. 
 
 Public Safety and Location Technologies - In fiscal 2021, we were recognized by Frost Sullivan, a leading industry research firm, for registering the most significant year-over-year market share increase among all NG-911 primary contract holders, growing our market share from an estimated 17.3 in 2019 to 26.2 in 2020, as calculated by Frost Sullivan. By closing statewide contracts in Arizona, Iowa, Ohio, Pennsylvania and South Carolina, our direct NG-911 contracts now represent a population of over 60 million in the U.S., and over 25 million in Australia via Next Generation 000 contracts. As such, we believe that we are a leader in public safety communication and location technologies. We meet the ISO 27001 data security standard and believe we have significant market share in the routing of U.S. wireless 911 calls, Voice over Internet Protocol ("VoIP") 911 calls and Text to 911 messaging. We believe we are one of a limited number of companies fulfilling the Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") requirements for Enhanced 911 ("E911") call-routing to Public Safety Answering Points ("PSAPs") for wireless and VoIP network operators. E911 refers to 911 calls for both wireline and wireless telephones that are enhanced to provide the caller's location information. We are focusing our marketing and research and development efforts to meet system standards for NG-911, which refers to an Internet Protocol ("IP") based system that defines how digital information (e.g., voice, photos, videos and text messages) flows seamlessly from the public to the PSAPs, and on to emergency responders. With more than 85 global deployments of our Location Based Services LBS platform, we are a leading global provider of device location for both public safety and commercial applications. Leveraging decades of our location-based technology expertise, our solutions support the generation and distribution of location information for both indoor and outdoor environments. We have developed industry leading 2G through 5G mobile network and WiFi location functions, robust mapping, navigation and geolocation solutions incorporated by industry verticals such as public safety, automotive manufacturing, mobile network operators MNOs and retail. We provide a high-capacity, multiprotocol Short-Messaging-Service SMS platform for Person-to-Person P2P ), Application-to-Person A2P and Machine-to-Machine M2M communications. In addition, we offer Location Studio , a complete end-to-end location application platform consisting of maps, map data, geo-services, application program interfaces APIs and software development kits ("SDKs") enabling MNOs, application developers, public safety ecosystems, and enterprises to build custom and unique applications. 

3 

Government Solutions Segment 
 Tactical Communications Technologies - We are a key supplier to large governments (particularly the U.S. government) and large prime contractors for tactical communications technologies, primarily tactical satellite-based technology solutions, field support services and satellite component supply chain management. We are a prime contractor under several indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity ("IDIQ") defense contract vehicles, including the: (i) U.S. Army s Global Tactical Advanced Communications Systems ("GTACS") contract; (ii) U.S. Army s Global Tactical Advanced Communications Systems GTACS II contract; (iii) U.S. Navy s Seaport Next Generation SeaPort-Nxg contract; (iv) Complex Commercial SATCOM Solutions ("CS3") contract; (v) Communications Electronics Command ("CECOM") Responsive Strategic Sourcing for Services ("RS3") contract with the U.S. Army Contracting Command - Aberdeen Proving Ground ACC-APG and (vi) Advanced Battle Management System ("ABMS") contract for the Air Force Life Cycle Management Center. We provide field support sustainment services, centralized and deployed depot services and technology insertion services to the U.S. Army s AN/TSC-198 family of communication systems that are commonly referred to as "SNAP" (Secret Internet Protocol Router ("SIPR") and Non-secure Internet Protocol Router ("NIPR") Access Point) Very Small Aperture Terminals ("VSATs"). Our field support services include providing U.S. Department of Defense ("DoD") personnel with curriculum development and training services to support cybersecurity workforce development. We provide high reliability Electrical, Electronic and Electromechanical EEE parts for use in satellite, launch vehicle and manned space applications. We also provide services encompassing all aspects of ground station life cycle to include requirements definition and analysis; design, development and integration of turnkey systems from antenna to data processing; civil works and construction; station installation and verification; operations and maintenance; and decommissioning at end of life. We also provide to customers worldwide a line of X/Y steerable satellite tracking antenna systems ideal for LEO, MEO and GEO constellations. 
 
 High-Performance Transmission Technologies - We are a world leader in the design and supply of troposcatter equipment, and a key supplier of radio frequency ("RF") microwave solid-state, high-power amplifier and switching control technologies. We have designed, manufactured and delivered troposcatter systems (sometimes referred to as over-the-horizon ("OTH") microwave products and systems) for over fifty years and are one of the largest independent suppliers of solid-state, high-power RF microwave amplifiers and integrated transmit receive hardware, which reproduce signals with higher power, are extremely complex, and are critical to the performance of the systems into which they are incorporated. 
 
 Our CS67PLUS software defined, adaptive troposcatter radio can operate at over 200 megabits per second ("Mbps"). The radio is MIL-STD 461 EMI and MIL-STD 810G environmentally compliant. Our Modular Tactical Transmission System ("MTTS") provides a high capacity, troposcatter and beyond-line-of-sight modular communications system designed for easy and rapid deployment. Our best-in-class troposcatter solutions led to our equipment being chosen to be used on the U.S. Marine Corps next generation troposcatter system Program of Record. These dual frequency systems are designed to operate in harsh environmental conditions and are protected from Electromagnetic Interference and Electromagnetic Pulse EMI/EMP ). 
 
 Many solid-state RF microwave amplifier and switching control technologies are produced in-house by large companies; however, our expertise has created a cost-effective and technologically superior alternative to in-house sourcing. Some of the companies who have outsourced amplifier development and production to us include Rockwell Collins, Inc., European Aeronautic Defense and Space Company ("EADS"), Lockheed Martin Corporation, L3Harris Technologies, Inc., Northrop Grumman Corporation, BAE Systems Plc, the U.S. Navy and Raytheon Technologies Corporation. Our amplifiers are also used in oncology treatment systems that allow physicians to give cancer patients higher doses of radiation that are more closely focused on cancerous tissue, thereby minimizing damage to healthy tissue. 
 
 (3) We Believe We Provide Industry Leading Innovation, Capabilities and Solutions 
 
 We have established a leading position of technology innovation in our fields through internal and customer-funded research and development activities, which have yielded significant advances. Examples of our industry-leading innovation include: 
 
 Our VSAT Networking Technologies and Platforms For the past several years, we have developed and manufactured Heights TM ("Heights"). Heights TM is an advanced satellite earth station networking platform that combines our most efficient waveforms, compression engines and the ability to provide dynamic bandwidth and power management to meet the demands of customers operating on traditional fixed satellite service systems ("FSS"), while providing advantages for customers who plan to transition to HTS systems in the future. Heights TM is ideally suited for cellular backhaul, universal service obligation networks and other applications that require high performance in a hub-spoke environment. Heights TM solutions are designed to deliver the highest Internet Protocol bits per Hertz in its class. 

4 

In fiscal 2021, we introduced a TDMA technology solution which offers best-in-class support for very large networks. With an estimated 3 billion people globally who are not connected to any wireless services, this technology allows our customers to cost-effectively provide services to end-users with the quality and reassurance of the Comtech brand and service offerings. We also intend to offer a solution that combines our Heights Dynamic Network Access ("H-DNA") and TDMA technologies in a single VSAT platform so that we can deliver a solution that will deliver increased value to our customers. Additionally, at the start of our fiscal 2022, we announced a technology and business development partnership with Kymeta Corporation, a satellite communications company to broaden network offerings by combining the Kymeta TM u8 terminal with our SLM-5650B modem and UHP-200 Universal Satellite Router. This solution will enable new and existing U.S. Department of Defense and commercial customers to operate state-of-the art technologies using cost-effective and seamless VSAT router solutions. 
 
 Our Solacom Software Solutions We offer a best-in-class call handling solution marketed under the Solacom Guardian brand name, which provides an integrated text-to-and-from 911 solution on a unified platform. The solution provides a flexible user interface, adapts to varying customer environments and preferences, provides powerful call conferencing capabilities, enhanced reporting capabilities and offers geospatial 911 location call display directly from a customized map. Because of its advanced features, it allows us to offer an immediate upgrade path to existing and new customers and has expanded our presence in the public safety solutions market. We are investing in product enhancements of the Guardian software, including developing a cloud-based version so that we can offer software as a service ("SaaS") type solutions to our public safety customers. 
 
 Our Compact Over-the-horizon Mobile Expeditionary Terminal COMET TM We offer the Comtech COMET TM , the world s smallest OTH microwave troposcatter terminal. Our Comtech COMET TM is rapidly deployable, low power and highly portable. Troposcatter technology has long been associated with large antennas and high-power amplifiers that require kilowatts of prime power and large trucks to transport them to the field. The COMET TM has fundamentally changed this paradigm. The COMET TM is capable of being transported in a carrying case by a single individual and set up in under fifteen minutes. The COMET TM is ideally suited for situations where high bandwidth backhaul communications are required, extending critical services into areas where there is no communications infrastructure, or the infrastructure has been destroyed. U.S. Special Forces, as well as non-U.S. NATO forces, have already begun procuring and deploying the COMET TM for high reliability, mission essential communications. 
 
 Our "XyPoint " Mobile Location Platform Provided to MNOs globally, our virtualized LBS platform is a high availability robust solution with multiple positioning technologies, that allows authorized users to locate and track specific mobile devices and monitor specific areas of interest. MNOs can use this platform for location accuracy to support a wide variety of use cases, including public safety, location intelligence, network optimization and big data analytics. On the legacy front, our LBS platform is compatible within 2G through 4G wireless networks, as well as an enabler to the MNOs to seamlessly migrate to cloud native environments, as they start their migrations to 5G. 
 
 (4) We Have a Diverse Global Customer Base 
 
 We have established long-standing relationships with thousands of customers worldwide, including leading system and network suppliers in the global satellite (such as Intelsat S.A. and SES S.A.), mobile cellular (such as Verizon Wireless), defense, broadcast and aerospace industries, as well as the U.S. federal government (such as the U.S. Army and Navy), U.S. state and local governments, and foreign governments. Our global commercial and government customers are increasingly seeking integrated solutions to meet their operational needs. We believe that our customers recognize our ability to develop improved technologies and to meet stringent program requirements. Our ability to solve complex problems is well known and we believe we have strong relationships with our customers. We hold prime positions on several key contracts and have had a long history of servicing key programs. 

Business Segments 
 Fundamentally, we offer advanced secure wireless communications technologies with expertise in the satellite communications and cellular markets. We believe these markets are undergoing a period of significant growth and rapid technological change. We manage our business through two reportable operating segments: Commercial Solutions and Government Solutions. Our corporate senior management team supports the business segments by, among other things, actively seeking to exploit potential synergies that exist between the segments, including in areas such as manufacturing, technology, sales, marketing, customer support and finance. The diagram below summarizes our key products, systems and services by our two reportable operating segments: 

5 

Commercial Solutions Segment Technologies (approximately 61.9 of fiscal 2021 net sales) Government Solutions Segment Technologies (approximately 38.1 of fiscal 2021 net sales) Satellite Ground Station Technologies Public Safety and Location Technologies Tactical Communications Technologies High-Performance Transmission Technologies Satellite ground station technologies such as SCPC modems, TDMA modems and networking platforms that facilitate the transmission of voice, video and data over satellite links including LEO and HTS satellite constellations 
 
 Solid-state and traveling wave tube amplifiers used to amplify signals from satellite ground stations 
 
 Wireless/VolP 911 service for network operators 
 
 NextGen 911 solutions 
 
 ESInet (Emergency Services IP Network) 
 
 Call Handling applications for PSAPs 
 
 Software and equipment for location-based and messaging services for various applications, including both public safety and commercial services 
 
 Tactical satellite-based communications, field support and end-to-end integration 
 
 Satellite-based mobile communications and tracking systems, including high precision full motion fixed and mobile X/Y satellite tracking antennas, RF feeds, reflectors and radomes 
 
 Procurement and supply chain management of high reliability EEE parts for satellite, launch vehicle and manned space applications 

Over-the-horizon microwave equipment that can transmit digitized voice, video and data over distances up to 200 miles using the troposphere and diffraction, including the Comtech COMET TM 
 
 Solid-state, RF microwave high-power amplifiers and control components designed for radar, electronic warfare, jamming, medical and aviation applications 

Commercial Solutions Segment Representative Customers Government Solutions Segment Representative Customers Satellite systems integrators, wireless and other communication service providers and broadcasters Domestic and international defense customers, as well as U.S. and foreign governments, prime contractors and system suppliers, such as General Dynamics Corporation, Lockheed Martin Corporation, L3Harris Technologies, Inc., Raytheon Technologies Corporation, SED Systems (a division of Calian Ltd.), and ViaSat Inc. Satellite broadcasters, such as The DIRECTV Group and EchoStar Corporation U.S. state and local governments, such as Arizona, the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, Iowa, Maine, South Carolina and the state of Washington End-customers also include AT T Inc., BT Group plc., China Mobile Limited, CenturyLink, Inc., Claro Argentina, Comcast Corporation, Intelsat S.A., Speedcast International Limited, Nokia Corporation, QUALCOMM Incorporated, SES S.A., T-Mobile USA, Inc. and Verizon Communications Inc. U.S. Army, the U.S. Marine Corps, the U.S. Navy, prime contractors to the U.S. Armed Forces, NATO and foreign governments (i.e., ministries of defense) Domestic and international defense customers, prime contractors and system suppliers such as Lockheed Martin Corporation, L3 Harris Technologies, Inc., Northrop Grumman Corporation, Raytheon Technologies Corporation., SES S.A., and The Boeing Company Medical equipment companies, such as Varian Medical Systems, Inc., and aviation industry system integrators such as Collins Aerospace (a subsidiary of Raytheon Technologies Corporation) and Telephonics Corporation Foreign government customers in the Middle East, Europe, North Africa, Latin America and Asia Pacific and related prime contractors and systems integrators Oil companies such as Shell Oil Company and PETRONAS 
 
 Financial information about our business segments, including net sales, operating income, Adjusted EBITDA (a Non-GAAP financial measure), total assets, and our operations outside the United States, is provided in "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Note (11) Segment Information" included in "Part II - Item 8. - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." 
 
 The markets and key technologies for each segment are further described below. 

Commercial Solutions Segment 
 
 Overview 
 
 Our Commercial Solutions segment offers satellite ground station technologies (such as SCPC and TDMA modems and amplifiers) and public safety and location technologies (such as 911 call routing, 911 call handling and mapping solutions) to commercial customers and smaller government customers, such as state and local governments. This segment also serves certain large government customers (including the U.S. government) that have requirements for off-the-shelf commercial equipment. 

6 

Key Markets and Technology Solutions 
 Satellite Ground Station Technologies 
 
 We offer our customers one-stop-shopping for satellite ground station technologies, including SCPC and TDMA modems, amplifiers, frequency converters and network software for customers who utilize satellite communications. Our products are used to modulate, demodulate and amplify signals, carry voice, video and/or data over networks and are vital to satellite communication applications, including air-to-ground communications, video broadcasting and the backhaul of cellular traffic. Our Commercial Solutions segment manufactures most of the satellite ground station equipment we sell to our customers. 
 
 We believe that the overall satellite ground station equipment industry will grow over the next few years, and will be increasingly connected to existing and new cellular networks. This growth is expected to occur as a result of widespread deployment and upgrades of 4G and 5G ground-based systems, including satellite earth stations, as well as the integration of high-performance amplifiers necessary to meet long-term demand for high-performance satellite communications applications, such as satellite-based wireless backhaul, DTH, HD and 4K broadcasting and in-flight connectivity. We believe that Comtech is well positioned to capitalize on this demand through sales of our market leading satellite ground station technologies, including new next-generation satellite earth station technologies that can be used with the thousands of new LEO, MEO and large HTS satellite constellations that are reportedly being launched over the next several years. 
 
 Examples of end-market applications that are driving long-term demand for our satellite-based communication technologies include: 
 
 Satellite-Based Cellular Backhaul. Demand for satellite-based cellular backhaul services is anticipated to grow rapidly as a result of the increased penetration of smart cellular phones and network upgrades to 4G and 5G in developing regions of the world. Ultimately, as 5G services continue to be deployed, mobile data services will become more critical. As mobile data penetration expands and mobile data consumption increases, wireless carriers must invest in their mobile network infrastructure and businesses will require back-up communications. In developing regions of the world and in remote areas where terrestrial network infrastructure is lacking, wireless network operators often backhaul, or transport, their wireless data traffic using satellite-based networking technologies. Comtech is well positioned to serve the high-performance, high availability needs of satellite-based cellular backhaul through sales of our SCPC and TDMA satellite modems as well as our Heights TM and UHP networking platforms. 
 
 New LEO, MEO and HTS Satellites. There are thousands of new satellites reportedly being launched over the next several years, which believe will lead to increasingly complex satellite networks. As service providers work to offer connectivity to these high-speed, high-bandwidth satellites and expand their networks to handle the demand for new LEO, MEO and HTS applications, we believe our Heights TM and UHP networking platforms, our solid-state amplifiers and our X/Y antennas will ultimately be incorporated into many new installations and necessary upgrades of equipment. 
 
 High Definition and Ultra-High Definition Transmission. Reports indicate that in recent years, consumers have purchased millions of HD televisions and Ultra-High Definition or "4K" televisions and streaming high-definition videos over mobile devices. We believe this will require a significant amount of satellite bandwidth, which will require satellite service providers to upgrade equipment and find new ways to manage the cost and transmission efficiency of their networks. We believe that these requirements will drive increased demand for our satellite ground station technologies. 
 
 Integration of Satellite Systems into 911 Systems. 911 service is a vital part of the U.S. government's nationwide emergency response and disaster preparedness system. In recent years, the FCC has taken steps to increase public safety by encouraging and coordinating development of a nationwide, seamless communication system for emergency systems. Increasingly, satellite services are playing a more important role in the nationwide 911 network not only in rural areas but as back-up for Public Safety Answering Points ("PSAP") and individual callers. For instance, in August 2021, it was reported that Apple was developing satellite capabilities for its iPhone models that would allow users to call and/or send texts in emergency situations. We believe that satellite systems, supported by our SCPC and TDMA networking platforms, will be incorporated into 911 systems. Given our expertise in public safety and location technology solutions, we believe we are uniquely positioned to be a leader in this growing market. 

7 

Public Safety and Location Technologies 
 
 We are a leading provider of public safety and location technologies. Our next generation solutions enable rich, multimedia information to be delivered with 911 calls; our E911 call routing solutions allow cellular carriers and voice over the Internet ("VoIP") carriers to deliver emergency calls to Public Safety emergency call centers nationwide. When someone places an emergency call, our technologies can identify the call as an emergency call, access the user s location information from the wireless network and route the call to the assigned public safety jurisdiction. Today, we provide public safety and location technologies to many U.S. telecommunication carriers, the largest being Verizon for which we provide their 911 call routing via cellular service. We believe we service a significant portion of the carrier market for 911 cellular call routing applications, along with another leading competitor. 
 
 In addition to 911 call routing, we provide systems integration, satellite and location infrastructure terminals, and linkage to NG-911 Emergency Services IP Networks ("ESInet"). We also offer best-in-class 911 call handling solutions under the Solacom brand name. We believe state and local governments have a need to upgrade existing call handling systems and old networks to more modern NG-911 systems, including 911 text messaging services, advanced data, real-time photos and other types of information sharing over IP networks. 
 
 As the U.S. adopts upgraded call handling and NG-911 solutions, we believe that other countries will do so as well. Our public safety and location technology solutions have been deployed since 2006 and are utilized by domestic MNOs as well as internationally to provide reliable device location determination for public safety and commercial applications. Many of our technologies, such as positioning, mapping and text messaging, are embedded in our public safety and location offerings to help address mapping, routing and geolocations. We address the FCC mandates for emergency services as it relates to location by supporting precise location in our solutions. Our text messaging platforms are used by wireless carriers to provide SMS to their end-customers and are also used to communicate with 911 PSAPs through major network operators. 
 
 In order to maximize market growth opportunities, we have repositioned certain of our location technology solutions to increase our penetration into the public safety space and are focusing on international markets. As satellite services play a more important role in the nationwide 911 network, we believe demand for our location products will grow. 
 
 Our Location Studio TM platform enables customers, especially public safety agencies, to build their own applications with end-user functionality, such as maps, search, geocoding, routing and navigation, using their own brand. We believe that customers and prospects are increasingly looking for alternatives to mapping services that are subject to change by the provider and which meet market privacy and security requirements. The Location Studio TM platform is a complete end-to-end location application consisting of maps, map data, including our Trusted OpenStreetMap ("TOSM") geo-services, application program interfaces ("APIs") and software development kits ("SDKs") enabling public safety ecosystems and enterprises to build custom and unique mapping applications. Map data includes positioning, search, enhanced local content, custom maps, navigation, geo-fencing, tracking integrated with third party data sources like camera feeds and Internet of Things ("IoT") sensor data via cross-platform APIs and SDKs supporting all leading operating systems. We believe that as the industry moves toward digital transformation, customers will be looking for situational awareness solutions that are built on top of mapping and geo-services. Our location technology solutions enable the determination of a mobile phone's geospatial position in a variety of environments, leveraging a wide range of signals including Global Positioning System ("GPS"), Global Navigation Satellite Systems ("GNSS") and multiple cellular positioning technologies ranging from 2G through 5G mobile networks. For our installed base of systems, we provide ongoing operational support, including administration of system components, system optimization, configuration management and maintenance services, including tracking customer support issues, troubleshooting and developing and installing maintenance releases. 
 
 In fiscal 2022, we have begun marketing Smart Response TM , a newly developed cloud-based solution, that offers a common operational picture to first responders for an effective data-driven response for security agencies and first responders. This new solution can offer streaming live feeds from traffic cameras at and near incident location, access caller information like past residences, criminal history, or next-of-kin information at the tap of a button. Offering a bird-eye view of integrated data, the Smart Response TM solution empowers PSAP employees to ensure the appropriate resources are on the scene and to better serve the public in emergency situations. 

Government Solutions Segment 
 
 Overview 
 
 Our Government Solutions segment provides tactical satellite-based networks and ongoing support for complicated communications networks, troposcatter systems and solid-state, high-power amplifiers to large government end-users (including those of foreign countries), large international customers and domestic prime contractors. 
 
 8 

Key Markets and Technology Solutions 
 Tactical Communications Technologies 
 
 With persistent threats from state and non-state actors, governments around the world are increasingly seeking ways to mitigate vulnerabilities using information and more reliable communication systems to increase decision-makers situational awareness. In response to this demand, we offer a variety of mission-critical technologies, including the supply and field support of tactical satellite-based networks (including satellite modems, ruggedized routers and solid-state drives), sustainment services for the AN/TSC-198A SNAP (SIPR and NIPR Access Point) VSATs. Many of our mission-critical technologies are part of integrated communication infrastructure systems such as the U.S. Military Command, Control, Communications, Computers, Cyber Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (also known as "C5ISR") systems and similar complicated networks for international governments. We also provide a variety of in-class and on-line training services, labs and assessments to our customers to help them protect networks from cyber attacks. 
 
 We are recognized as an industry leader and global supplier of high reliability products. Our solutions include supply chain management and engineering services for high reliability EEE space parts and satellite and launch vehicle tracking solutions in support of critical National Aeronautics and Space Administration ("NASA") programs and for international space and defense agencies. Through our acquisition of CGC Technology Limited, we are also a leading, world-wide provider of high precision, full motion fixed and mobile X/Y satellite tracking antennas, reflectors, RF feeds, radomes and other ground station equipment. 
 
 High-Performance Transmission Technologies 
 
 We offer several unique high-performance transmission technologies that are used in sophisticated communication systems, such as electronic warfare, radar and identification friend or foe ("IFF"). As our customers push the envelope for mobility, speed and higher frequency, we believe that demand for high-performance transmission products will grow from current levels. 
 
 Our troposcatter technologies (sometimes referred to as over-the-horizon or "OTH" microwave systems) are extremely reliable and secure and are a cost-effective alternative or compliment to satellite communication as it does not require the leasing of expensive satellite transponder space with its attendant recurring costs. Our over-the-horizon microwave systems, which include our patented forward error correction technology, can transmit video and other broadband applications at throughputs of up to 200 Mbps. U.S. and foreign governments use our over-the-horizon microwave systems to, among other things, transmit radar tracking, run C4ISR applications and connect to remote border locations. Additionally, energy companies use our systems to enable communication links for offshore oil rigs and other remote locations, as well as for exploration activities. Our MTTS, the first truly modular, rapidly deployable transit case-based troposcatter system, has been purchased by the U.S. Army, incorporated into the SNAP family of products used by the U.S. military and designated the Tactical Transportable TROPO ("SNAP 3T") or AN/TRC 198(V3). We also recently introduced the Comtech COMET TM , a rapidly deployable OTH microwave system. The Comtech COMET TM has a medium range (up to 60 km) and high bandwidth (up to 210 Mbps) that fills a void in distances that have long been desired by tactical communications planners. The Comtech COMET TM uniquely addresses the special operations command (or SOCOM community s concern of low probability of intercept and low probability of detection LPI/LPD ), while providing high reliability, mission essential communications. 
 
 Our solid-state, high-power RF microwave amplifiers and related switching control technologies are utilized in several critical applications, including electronic warfare, communications, radar, IFF and medical applications such as oncology cancer treatment systems. In the electronic warfare marketplace, we support a variety of legacy systems and are participating in the ongoing migration to platforms that require smaller and lighter amplifiers integrated with additional signal processing functionality. Our solutions increase the flexibility of systems by providing wider bandwidth capabilities to address communication needs. We also believe that the desire for increased situational awareness of the airspace may create increased opportunities for our radar and IFF products, which are used by government and commercial customers around the world. Our high power and highly reliable Gallium Nitride ("GaN") amplifier technology is increasingly used both to update existing radar systems for improved sensitivity and range as well as for new radar installations. In addition to technologies that enhance performance of primary radars, we also supply solutions for IFF systems that provide positive identification of radar targets for secondary surveillance systems. 

9 

Acquisitions 
 
 In order to position ourselves to take advantage of additional growth opportunities and meet our strategic objectives, we have followed, and will continue to follow, a disciplined approach in identifying, executing and capitalizing on acquisitions. 
 
 Completed Acquisitions 
 
 In the past several years, we have acquired businesses and enabling technologies. 
 
 On February 23, 2016, we acquired TeleCommunication Systems Inc. ("TCS"), a leading provider of commercial solutions (such as public safety and location technologies) and government solutions (such as tactical communications technologies). The TCS acquisition had an aggregate purchase price for accounting purposes of 340.4 million (also referred to as the transaction equity value) and an enterprise value of 423.6 million. The TCS acquisition, which has been fully integrated into our business, resulted in Comtech entering complementary markets and expanding our domestic and international commercial offerings. 
 
 On February 28, 2019, we completed our acquisition of Solacom, a leading provider of NG-911 solutions for public safety agencies. The acquisition of Solacom was a significant step in our strategy of enhancing our public safety and location technologies. The Solacom acquisition had an aggregate purchase price for accounting purposes of 32.9 million and was fully integrated into our Commercial Solutions segment. 
 
 On April 29, 2019, we acquired the state and local government NG-911 business from General Dynamics Information Technology, Inc. (the "GD NG-911 business") and at the same time announced a five-year contract award in excess of 100.0 million to develop, implement and operate a NG-911 emergency communications system for a Northeastern state. The acquisition strengthened our position in the growing NG-911 solutions market. The GD NG-911 business had an aggregate purchase price for accounting purposes of 11.0 million and was fully integrated into our Commercial Solutions segment. 
 
 On January 27, 2020, we completed the acquisition of CGC Technology Limited ("CGC"), a small privately held company located in the United Kingdom. CGC is a leading provider of high precision full motion fixed and mobile X/Y satellite tracking antennas, reflectors, RF feeds, radomes and other ground station equipment around the world. The acquisition brought established relationships with several top-tier European aerospace companies and other government entities, and we expect it to allow us to participate in the anticipated growth in the number of LEO and MEO satellite constellations. The CGC business had an aggregate purchase price for accounting purposes of 23.7 million and was fully integrated into our Government Solutions segment. 
 
 On February 21, 2020, we acquired NG-911, Inc. ("NG-911"), a small privately held company based in Iowa, Illinois and Missouri. NG-911 is a pioneer in providing next generation 911 solutions, including those designed by Solacom, to public safety agencies in the Midwest. The acquisition allows us to cost-effectively expand sales of our industry leading Solacom Guardian call management solutions for public safety. The NG-911 product line had an aggregate purchase price for accounting purposes of 1.2 million and was fully integrated into our Commercial Solutions segment. 
 
 On March 2, 2021, we completed our acquisition of UHP Networks Inc. ("UHP"), a leading provider of innovative and disruptive satellite ground station technology solutions. With end-markets for high-speed satellite-based network anticipated to significantly grow, our acquisition allows us to enhance our Commercial Solutions segment's offerings with low cost TDMA satellite modems. The UHP business has a preliminary purchase price for accounting purposes of 37.5 million and was fully integrated into our Commercial Solutions segment. 

Sales, Marketing and Customer Support 
 
 Sales and marketing strategies include direct sales through sales, marketing and engineering personnel, indirect sales through independent representatives, value-added resellers, and sales through a combination of the foregoing. We devote resources to evaluating and responding to requests for proposals by governmental agencies around the world and, as needed, we employ the use of specialized consultants to develop our proposals and bids. 
 
 We intend to continue to expand international marketing efforts by engaging additional independent sales representatives, distributors and value-added resellers and by establishing additional foreign sales offices. In addition, we also leverage our relationships with larger companies (such as prime contractors to the U.S. government and large mobile wireless operators) to market our technology solutions. In fiscal 2022, we expect to significantly expand our social media and Internet presence and develop an updated marketing and branding strategy. 
 
 10 

We are pre-qualified as an approved vendor for certain government contracts. We collaborate in sales efforts under various arrangements with integrators. Our marketing efforts also include advertising, public relations, speaking engagements and attending and sponsoring industry conferences. 
 
 Our management, technical and marketing personnel establish and maintain relationships with customers. Our sales strategies include a commitment to providing ongoing customer support for our systems and equipment. This support involves providing direct access to engineering staff or trained technical representatives to resolve technical or operational issues. 
 
 Our products and services in many of our product lines have long sales cycles. Once a product is designed into a system, customers may be reluctant to change the incumbent supplier due to the extensive qualification process and potential redesign required in using alternative sources. In addition, in recent years, we have found that overall sales cycles for each of our product lines have significantly increased. 
 
 Sales by geography and customer type, as a percentage of related net sales, are as follows: 
 Fiscal Years Ended July 31, 2021 2020 2019 2021 2020 2019 2021 2020 2019 Commercial Solutions Government Solutions Consolidated U.S. government 14.7 14.8 19.2 66.8 65.0 63.8 34.6 36.2 40.1 Domestic 58.5 58.9 53.9 14.1 15.2 12.5 41.5 40.3 34.5 Total U.S. 73.2 73.7 73.1 80.9 80.2 76.3 76.1 76.5 74.6 International 26.8 26.3 26.9 19.1 19.8 23.7 23.9 23.5 25.4 Total 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 
 
 Sales to U.S. government customers include sales to the DoD, intelligence and civilian agencies, as well as sales directly to or through prime contractors. 
 
 Domestic sales include sales to commercial customers, as well as to U.S. state and local governments. Included in domestic sales are sales to Verizon Communications Inc. ("Verizon"), which represented 10.7 of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2021. Except for the U.S. government, there were no customers that represented more than 10.0 of consolidated net sales during fiscal 2020 and 2019. 
 
 International sales for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 (which include sales to U.S. domestic companies for inclusion in products that are sold to international customers) were 138.9 million, 145.1 million and 170.6 million, respectively. When we sell internationally, we denominate most of our contracts in U.S. dollars. Some of our sales to international customers are paid for by letters of credit or on an open account. From time to time, some of our international customers may require us to provide performance guarantees. 
 
 Except for the U.S., no individual country (including sales to U.S. domestic companies for inclusion in products that are sold to a foreign country) represented more than 10 of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019. 

Backlog 
 
 Our backlog as of July 31, 2021 was 658.9 million (of which 526.4 million was attributed to the Commercial Solutions segment and 132.5 million was attributed to the Government Solutions segment). We estimate that a substantial portion of the backlog as of July 31, 2021 will be recognized as sales during the next twenty-four month period, with the rest thereafter. 
 
 At July 31, 2021, 79.8 of our backlog consisted of orders for use by U.S. commercial customers, 8.9 consisted of U.S. government contracts, subcontracts and government funded programs and 11.3 consisted of orders for use by international customers (including sales to U.S. domestic companies for inclusion in products that will be sold to international customers). 

11 

Our backlog is defined as orders (sometimes also referred to herein as bookings) that we believe to be firm. Backlog that is derived from U.S. government orders relates to U.S. government contracts that have been awarded, signed and funded. Backlog for our U.S. government customers also includes amounts appropriated by Congress and allotted to the contract by the procuring government agency. Our backlog does not include the value of options that may be exercised in the future on multi-year contracts, nor does it include the value of additional purchase orders that we may receive under indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity ("IDIQ") contracts or basic ordering agreements. In some cases, such as contracts received from large U.S. based telecommunication companies, our backlog is computed by multiplying the most recent month s contract or revenue by the months remaining under the existing long-term agreements, which we consider to be the best available information for anticipating revenue under those agreements. When we acquire a company with existing contracts, we only record bookings for those contracts that meet our definition. Almost all of the contracts in our backlog (including firm orders previously received from the U.S. government) are subject to modification, cancellation at the convenience of the customer, or for default in the event that we are unable to perform under the contract. 
 
 A significant portion of the backlog from our U.S. commercial customers relates to large, multi-year contracts to provide state and local governments (and their agencies) with public safety and location technology solutions. Although the contracts themselves represent legal, binding obligations of these governments, funding is often subject to the approval of budgets (for example, on an annual or bi-annual basis). Although funding for these multi-year contracts is dependent on future budgets being approved, we include the full estimated value of these large, multi-year contracts in our backlog given the critical nature of the services being provided and the positive historical experience of our state and local government customers passing their respective budgets. 
 
 There can be no assurance that our backlog will result in actual revenue in any particular period, or at all, or that any contract included in backlog will be profitable. There is a higher degree of risk in this regard with respect to unfunded backlog. The actual amount and timing of any revenue is subject to various contingencies, many of which are beyond our control. The actual recognition of revenue on contracts included in backlog may never occur or may change because a program schedule could change, a customer may not follow up with order details (e.g., delivery instructions), fluctuations in currency exchange rates after an order is placed could cause our products to become too expensive for a foreign customer, a customer s program could be canceled, a contract could be reduced, modified or terminated early due to changes in a customer s priorities, funding may not be included in future budgets, actual indirect rates being reimbursed on U.S. government contracts may ultimately be less than those indirect rates included in our initial proposals, or an option that we had assumed would be exercised is not exercised. As a result of these contingencies, we may adjust our backlog if we determine that such orders are no longer firm and or funded. In addition to adjustments from these types of contingencies, variations in backlog from time to time are attributable, in part, to changes in sales mix, the timing of contract proposals, the timing of contract awards, delivery schedules on specific contracts and new bookings obtained through acquisitions. A large majority of the solutions in our satellite ground station technologies product line operate under short lead times. Our Government Solutions segment backlog is highly influenced by the nature and timing of orders received from the U.S. government, which is subject to unpredictable funding, deployment and technology decisions. As a result, we believe our backlog and orders, at any point in time, are not necessarily indicative of the total sales anticipated for any future period. 

Manufacturing and Service 
 
 Our manufacturing operations consist principally of the assembly and testing of electronic products that we design and build from purchased fabricated parts, printed circuits and electronic components. We consider our facilities to be well maintained and adequate for current and planned production requirements. All our manufacturing facilities, including those that serve the military market, must comply with stringent customer specifications. We employ formal quality management programs and other training programs, including the International Standard Organization s quality procedure registration programs. 
 
 To support our long-term business goals, in fiscal 2021, we commenced a 15-year lease for a new 146,000 square foot facility in Chandler, Arizona and began shifting production of our satellite earth station products from our existing Tempe, Arizona locations. We also signed a new 10-year lease in the United Kingdom to expand our Government Solutions segment's manufacturing capabilities. This facility is expected to support the production of X/Y satellite tracking antennas that can be used in connection with the thousands of new LEO, MEO and large HTS satellite constellations reportedly being launched over the next several years. COVID-19 has delayed efforts to get our new technology manufacturing centers operational and has increased our start-up costs. Although things can be further delayed, we anticipate that our new facilities will be operational by the end of our fiscal 2022 or early part of fiscal 2023. Increased usage of our high-volume technology manufacturing centers will allow us to secure volume discounts on key components, better control the quality of our manufacturing process and maximize the utilization of our manufacturing capacity. 
 
 All of our other manufacturing facilities are located in the United States. 
 
 12 

Our ability to deliver products to customers on a timely basis is dependent, in part, upon the availability and timely delivery by subcontractors and suppliers (including, at times, the U.S. government) of the components and subsystems that we use in manufacturing our products. Electronic components and raw materials used in our products are generally obtained from independent suppliers. Some components are standard items and are available from several suppliers. Others are manufactured to our specifications by subcontractors. Although we obtain certain components and subsystems from a single source or a limited number of sources, we believe that most components and equipment are available from multiple sources. Certain U.S. government contracts may require us to incorporate government furnished parts into our products. Delays in receipt of such parts can adversely impact the timing of our performance on the related contracts. While not individually material, during fiscal 2021, as a result of COVID-19, we have experienced longer lead times for certain components and raw materials from certain suppliers as well as higher freight costs due to an overwhelmed global transport network. We expect that these supply chain issues will ease during the second half of fiscal 2022. 

Research and Development 
 
 We have established a leading technology position in our fields through internal and customer-funded research and development activities. 
 
 Internal research and development expenses are reported as research and development expenses for financial reporting purposes and were 49.1 million, 52.2 million and 56.4 million in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, representing 8.4 , 8.5 and 8.4 of total consolidated net sales, respectively, for these periods. Customer-funded research and development activities relate to the adaptation of our basic technology to specialized customer requirements which is recoverable under contracts and is reflected in net sales with the related costs included in cost of sales. Certain of our government customers also contract with us from time to time to conduct research on telecommunications software, equipment and systems. During fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, we were reimbursed by customers for such activities in the amounts of 13.6 million, 11.9 million and 14.7 million, respectively. During fiscal 2021, we incurred 0.3 million of strategic emerging technology costs for next-generation satellite technology to advance our solutions offerings to be used with new broadband satellite constellations. We are evaluating this new market in relation to our long-term business strategies, and we may incur additional costs in fiscal 2022. 

Intellectual Property 
 
 We rely upon trade secrets, technical know-how, continuing technological innovation and, with respect to certain technologies, patents to develop and maintain our competitive position. The products we sell require significant engineering design and manufacturing expertise. For technological capabilities that are not protected by patents or licenses, we generally rely on the expertise of our employees and our learned experiences in both the design and manufacture of our products and the delivery of our services. 
 
 Some of our key Commercial Solutions segment technology is protected by patents that are significant to protecting our proprietary technology. We have been issued several U.S. patents relating to forward error correction technology that is utilized in our TPC-enabled satellite modems. Due to our market leadership position, we do not expect that upon expiration of these patents, our future results will be negatively impacted. 
 
 We have a portfolio of several hundred patents worldwide relating to wireless location services, text messaging, GPS ephemeris data, emergency public safety data routing, electronic commerce and other areas. To-date, our strategy has been to avoid offensive and defensive patent litigation and focus on building meaningful partnerships with other companies through direct licensing, cross licensing, and other forms of agreements. We do not believe that any single patent or group of patents, patent application or patent license agreement is material to our operations. 
 
 We have filed additional patent applications for certain apparatus and processes we believe we have invented covering key features of the location services, wireless text alerts, SMS Center, mobile-originated data and E911 network software. There is no assurance that any patent application will result in a patent being issued by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or other patent offices, nor is there any guarantee that any issued patent will be valid and enforceable. Additionally, foreign patent rights may or may not be available or pursued in any technology area for which U.S. patent applications have been filed. 
 
 Almost all the products and services we sell to the U.S. government include technology and other technical know-how that we have internally developed. In past instances where we have provided government-purpose rights, to our knowledge, the U.S. government has not exercised any of these rights. To the extent that we have provided or will provide government-purpose rights in the future, we believe that given the rapidly changing nature of our technology, our future success will depend primarily on the technical competence and creative skill of our personnel, rather than any contractual protection. 
 
 13 

Competition 
 
 Our businesses are highly competitive and are characterized by rapid technological change. Some of our competitors are substantially larger, have significantly greater financial, marketing, research and development, technological and operating resources and broader product lines than we have. Other companies are developing new technologies and the shift towards open standards such as IP-based satellite networks will likely result in increased competition. A significant technological breakthrough by others, including new companies, our existing competitors and our customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our future success depends on, among other things, our ability to keep pace with such changes and developments and to respond to the increasing variety of electronic equipment users and transmission technologies. 
 
 Some large defense-based companies, such as Northrop Grumman Corporation, have subsidiaries or divisions that compete against us in one or more business segments. In addition, new and potential competitors are always emerging. Certain of our customers, such as prime contractors who currently outsource their engineering and manufacturing requirements to us, have technological capabilities in our product areas and could choose to replace our products with products they develop. In some cases, we partner or team with companies (both large and mid-tier) to compete against other teams for large defense programs. In some cases, these same companies may be among our competitors. 
 
 Listed below, in alphabetical order, are some of our competitors in each of our two business segments: 
 
 Commercial Solutions - ACTIA Group, Advantech Co., Ltd., Agilis Satcom, AnaCom, Inc., Bandwidth.com, CalAmp Corp., Codan Limited, CPI International, Inc., Datum Systems, Inc., dB Control Corp. (a subsidiary of HEICO Corp.), 8x8, Inc., ENENSYS Technologies, ETM, Inc., Gilat Satellite Networks Ltd., Google Inc. (a subsidiary of Alphabet Inc.), Here Technologies, Honeywell Aerospace (a subsidiary of Honeywell International Inc.), Infinite Convergence Solutions, Inc., Intermap Technologies Corporation, Intrado Corporation, Iridium Communications Inc., ITS Electronics Inc., KVH Industries Inc., LM Ericsson Telephone Company, L3Harris Technologies, Inc., Mission Microwave Technologies, LLC., Motorola Solutions, Inc., ND Satcom GmbH, Nokia Networks (a subsidiary of Nokia Corporation), NOVELSAT, Novra Technologies Inc., Orbcomm Inc., Panasonic Corporation, Paradise Datacom Ltd. (a subsidiary of Teledyne Technologies Incorporated), Polarity Inc., SatixFy Israel Ltd., SatPath Systems, Inc., Spacepath Communications Limited, Speedcast International Limited, ST Engineering iDirect, Inc. (including Newtec), Telenav, Inc., Terrasat Communications Inc, TMD Technologies LLC., TomTom N.V. and ViaSat, Inc. 
 
 Government Solutions - Aethercomm Inc., AMERGINT Technologies, Inc., CACI International Inc., CalAmp Corp., CPI International, Inc., Cubic Corporation, dB Control Corp. (a subsidiary of HEICO Corp.), DXC Technology, Empower RF Systems, Inc., Envistacom, LLC, Escape Communications, Inc., General Dynamics Corporation, International Datacasting Corporation (a subsidiary of Novra Technologies Inc.), Kratos Defense Security Solutions, Inc., L3Harris Technologies, Inc., Mercury Systems, Inc., NeuStar, Inc., Northrop Grumman Corporation (including the former Orbital ATK, Inc.), Raytheon Technologies Corporation, Teledyne Technologies Incorporated, The KeyW Holding Corporation, Ultra Electronics Holdings plc. and ViaSat, Inc. 
 
 We believe that competition in all our markets is based primarily on technology innovation, product performance, reputation, delivery times, customer support and price. Due to our proprietary know-how, we believe we can develop, produce and deliver products and services on a cost-effective basis faster than many of our competitors. 

Human Capital 
 
 At July 31, 2021, we had 2,038 employees (including temporary employees and contractors), 1,238 of whom were engaged in production and production support, 420 in research and development and other engineering support, and 380 in marketing and administrative functions. None of our U.S. based employees are represented by a labor union. Of our 2,038 employees, 489 employees are based outside of the United States including 217 employees in the United Kingdom. We believe that our employee relations are good. 

14 

U.S. Government Contracts and Security Clearances 
 
 The U.S. government operates on an October-to-September fiscal year. Generally, in February of each year, the President of the United States presents to the U.S. Congress ("Congress") the proposed budget for the upcoming fiscal year and from February through September of each year, the appropriations and authorization committees of Congress review the President s budget proposals and establish the funding levels for the upcoming fiscal year. Once these levels are enacted into law, the Executive Office of the President administers the funds to the agencies. Thereafter, we can receive orders pursuant to sole-source or competitively awarded contracts, which we describe below. 
 
 The U.S. government may be unable to complete its budget process before the end of any given government fiscal year and when the fiscal budget is not approved in a timely manner, the U.S. government is required either to shut down or be funded pursuant to a so-called "continuing resolution" that authorizes agencies of the U.S. government to continue operations but does not authorize new spending initiatives, either of which could result in reduced or delayed orders or payments for products and services we provide. 
 
 Sole-source contracts are generally awarded to a single contractor without a formal competition when a single contractor is deemed to have an expertise or technology superior to that of competing contractors or when there is an urgent need by the U.S. government that cannot wait for a full competitive process. Potential suppliers compete informally through research and development and marketing efforts. Competitively-bid contracts are awarded based on a formal proposal evaluation established by the procuring agency and interested contractors prepare bids. Competitively-bid contracts are awarded after a formal bid and proposal competition among suppliers. 
 
 The U.S. government has a stated policy direction to reduce the number of sole-source contract awards across all procuring agencies. In addition, the U.S. government is increasing the use of multiple-award IDIQ contracts to increase its procurement options. IDIQ contracts allow the U.S. government to select a group of eligible contractors for the same program. When the government awards IDIQ contracts to multiple bidders under the same program, a company that has already competed to be selected as a participant in the program must subsequently compete for individual delivery orders. As a result of this U.S. government shift toward multiple award IDIQ contracts, we expect to face greater competition for future U.S. government contracts and, at the same time, greater opportunities for us to participate in program areas that we do not currently participate in. 
 
 As a U.S. government contractor and subcontractor, we are subject to a variety of rules and regulations, such as the Federal Acquisition Regulations ("FAR"). Individual agencies can also have acquisition regulations. For example, the Department of Defense implements the FAR through the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation supplement (commonly known as "DFARs"). For all Federal government entities, the FAR regulates the phases of any product or service acquisition, including: acquisition planning, competition requirements, contractor qualifications, protection of source selection and vendor information, and acquisition procedures. In addition, the FAR addresses the allowability of supplier costs, while Cost Accounting Standards address how those costs can be allocated to contracts. The FAR also subjects suppliers to audits and other government reviews. These reviews cover issues such as cost, performance and accounting practices relating to our contracts. The government may challenge a supplier's costs and fees. Suppliers are also required to comply with the National Industrial Security Program Operating Manual which relates to the handling of classified materials and programs and is administered by the Defense Counterintelligence and Security Agency DCSA ). Suppliers who do not comply with these various regulations may lose and/or become ineligible for facility security clearances and/or participation in classified programs. 
 
 Under firm fixed-price contracts, we perform for an agreed-upon price and we can derive benefits from cost savings, but bear the risk of cost overruns. Our cost-reimbursable type contracts typically provide for reimbursement of allowable costs incurred plus a negotiated fee. Cost-plus-incentive-fee orders typically provide for sharing with the U.S. government savings accrued from orders performed for less than the target costs and costs incurred in excess of targets up to a negotiated ceiling price (which is higher than the target cost), and for the supplier to carry the entire burden of costs exceeding the negotiated ceiling price. 
 
 In fiscal 2021, 201.1 million or 34.6 of our consolidated net sales were to the U.S. government (including sales to prime contractors to the U.S. government). Of this amount, firm fixed-price and cost-reimbursable type contracts (including fixed-fee, incentive-fee and time and material type contracts) accounted for approximately 121.8 million and 79.3 million, respectively. 

15 

Regulatory Matters 
 
 In addition to the rules and regulations that pertain to us as a U.S. government contractor and subcontractor, we are also subject to a variety of local, state and federal governmental regulations. 
 
 Our products that are incorporated into wireless communications systems must comply with various government regulations, including those of the FCC. Our manufacturing facilities, which may store, handle, emit, generate and dispose of hazardous substances that are used in the manufacture of our products, are subject to a variety of local, state and federal regulations, including those issued by the Environmental Protection Agency. Our products are also subject to European Union directives related to the recycling of electrical and electronic equipment. 
 
 Our international sales are subject to U.S. and foreign regulations such as the Arms Export Control Act, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act ("IEEPA"), the International Traffic in Arms Regulations ("ITAR"), the Export Administration Regulations ("EAR") and the trade sanctions laws and regulations administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), the Department of Commerce ("DoC") as well as other applicable laws relating to trade, export controls and foreign corrupt practices, the violation of which could adversely affect our operations. We must comply with all applicable export control laws and regulations of the U.S. and other countries. Certain of our products and systems may require licenses from U.S. government agencies for export from the U.S., and some of our products are not permitted to be exported. We cannot be certain that we will be able to obtain necessary export licenses, and such failure would materially adversely affect our operations. If we are unable to receive appropriate export authorizations in the future, we may be prohibited from selling our products and services internationally, which may limit our sales and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, in certain cases, U.S. export controls also severely limit unlicensed technical discussions, such as discussions with any persons who are not U.S. citizens or permanent residents. As a result, in cases where we may need an export license, our ability to compete against a non-U.S. domiciled foreign company that may not be subject to the same U.S. laws may be materially adversely affected. In addition, we are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA") and other local laws that generally bar bribes or unreasonable gifts to foreign governments or officials. Violations of these laws or regulations could result in significant sanctions, including disgorgement of profits, fines, and criminal sanctions against us, our officers, our directors, or our employees, more onerous compliance requirements, more extensive debarments from export privileges or loss of authorizations needed to conduct aspects of our international business. A violation of any of the regulations enumerated above could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, changes in regulatory requirements which could further restrict our ability to deliver services to our international customers, including the addition of a country to the list of sanctioned countries under the IEEPA or similar legislation could negatively impact our business. 
 
 In the past, we have self-reported violations of export control laws or regulations to the U.S. Department of State, Directorate of Defense Trade Controls ("DDTC"), DoC and OFAC. In addition, we have made various commitments to U.S. government agencies that oversee trade and export matters that we will maintain certain policies and procedures including maintaining a company-wide Office of Trade Compliance and conducting ongoing internal assessments and reporting any future violations to those agencies. 
 
 Our financial reporting, corporate governance, public disclosure and compliance practices are governed by laws such as the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, Dodd-Frank Act of 2010, and rules and regulations issued by the SEC. The SEC has adopted rules which require, among other things, public companies to conduct certain inquiries to determine whether or not Conflict Minerals (as that term is defined in the SEC rules) that are necessary to the functionality of their manufactured products or their product's production processes originated in a Covered Country (as that term is defined in the SEC rules) and ultimately file a report with the SEC. Conflict Minerals are widely used in many industries, including the telecommunications industry and almost all of our products include component parts purchased from third-party suppliers and we must rely heavily on information received from suppliers to determine the origin of those materials. We have implemented a due diligence program consistent with the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development guidelines to collect information concerning the country of origin of Conflict Minerals and in that regard, have adopted a policy that requires our suppliers (both public and private) to commit to a code of conduct relating to the responsible sourcing of minerals and to establish a policy to reasonably assure that the products they manufacture do not contain Conflict Minerals that originated in a Covered Country. Efforts to comply with this SEC rule have resulted in additional costs to us and, we believe, to our suppliers. As such, the availability of raw materials used in our operations could be negatively impacted and/or raw material prices could increase. Further, if we are unable to certify that our products are conflict free, we may face challenges with our customers, which could place us at a competitive disadvantage and could harm our reputation. 

16 

Laws and regulations have been enacted that affect companies conducting business on the Internet, including the European General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"). The GDPR imposes certain privacy related requirements on companies that receive or process personal data of residents of the European Union that are currently different than those in the United States and include significant penalties for non-compliance. Similarly, there are several legislative proposals in the United States, at both the federal and state level, that could impose new obligations in areas affecting our business, such as liability for personal data protection. In addition, some countries are considering or have passed legislation implementing data protection requirements or requiring local storage and processing of data or similar requirements that could increase the cost and complexity of delivering our services. Our costs to comply with the GDPR as well any other similar laws and regulations that emerge may negatively impact our business. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 The following describes major risks to our business and should be considered carefully. Any of these factors could significantly and negatively affect our business, prospects, financial condition, or operating results, which could cause the trading prices of our equity securities to decline. The risks described below are not the only risks we may face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or risks that we currently consider immaterial, could also negatively affect us. 
 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 The following is a summary of the principal risks that could significantly and negatively affect our business, prospects, financial conditions, or operating results. For a more complete discussion of the material risks facing our business, please see below: 
 
 Global Risks 
 We are unable to predict the extent to which the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and supply chain constraints will continue to adversely impact our business operations, financial performance, results of operations, financial position and the achievement of our strategic objectives. 
 
 Our fiscal 2022 business outlook is difficult to forecast and operating results are subject to significant fluctuations and are likely to be volatile. 
 
 If global economic business and political conditions deteriorate as compared to the current environment it could have a material adverse impact on our business outlook and our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 We have significant operations in locations which could be materially and adversely impacted in the event of a terrorist attack or other significant disruptions (including natural disasters). 
 
 Business Risks 
 Our backlog is subject to customer cancellation or modification. 
 
 Contract cost growth on our firm fixed-price contracts exposes us to reduced profitability and the potential loss of future business and other risks. 
 
 Our business is highly dependent on the budgetary decisions of our government customers. 
 
 Our contracts with the U.S. government are subject to unique business, commercial and government audit risks. 
 
 Our dependence on sales to international customers exposes us to unique business, commercial and export compliance audit risks. 
 
 A change in our relationship with our large wireless carrier customers could have a material adverse effect. 
 
 If our wireless carrier partners change the pricing and other terms by which they offer our products to their end-customers could have a material adversely affect. 

17 

Strategic Growth Risks 
 We face a number of risks relating to the expected long-term growth of our business. 
 
 We must service the debt and maintain compliance with various covenants under a Credit Facility that imposes restrictions on our business. 
 
 Acquisitions of companies and investments could prove difficult to integrate, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value or adversely affect operating results or the market price of our common stock. 
 
 Our investments in recorded goodwill and other intangible assets could be impaired as a result of future business conditions, a deterioration of the global economy or if we change our reporting unit structure. 
 
 Cybersecurity Risks 
 We could be negatively impacted by a system failure, breach, attack or intrusion of our IT networks or those we operate for certain customers, or third-party data center facilities, servers and related systems. 
 
 The measures we have implemented to secure information we collect and store or enable access to may be breached. 
 
 Legal, Regulatory and Litigation Risks 
 Changes in U.S. tax law could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 
 Our U.S. federal, state and foreign tax returns are subject to audit and a resulting tax assessment or settlement could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We may be subject to environmental liabilities. 
 
 The success of our business is dependent on compliance with FCC rules and regulations and similar foreign laws and regulations. 
 
 Regulation of the mobile communications industry and VoIP is evolving, and unfavorable changes or our failure to comply with existing and potential new legislation or regulations could harm our business and operating results. 
 
 Ongoing compliance with the provisions of securities laws, related regulations and financial reporting standards could unexpectedly materially increase our costs and compliance related expenses. 
 
 Indemnification provisions in our contracts could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. 
 
 We are, from time to time, and could become a party to additional litigation or subject to claims. 
 
 Protection of our intellectual property is limited and pursuing infringers of our patents and other intellectual property rights can be costly. 
 
 Third parties may claim we are infringing their intellectual property rights and we could be prevented from selling our products, or suffer significant litigation expense, even if these claims have no merit. 
 
 Competitive Risks 
 All of our business activities are subject to rapid technological change, new entrants, the introduction of other distribution models and long development and testing periods each of which may harm our competitive position. 
 
 Our business is highly competitive, we are reliant upon the success of our partners, and some of our competitors have significantly greater resources than we do, which could result in a loss of customers, market share and/or market acceptance. 
 
 We rely upon various third-party companies and their technology to provide services to our customers. 
 
 Because our software may contain defects or errors, and our hardware products may incorporate defective components, our sales could decrease if these defects or errors adversely affect our reputation or delay shipments of our products. 
 
 18 

Risks Related to our Common Stock 
 Our stock price is volatile. 
 
 Future issuances of our shares of common stock could dilute a stockholder's ownership interest in Comtech and reduce the market price of our shares of common stock. 
 
 Provisions in our corporate documents and Delaware law could delay or prevent a change in control of Comtech. 
 
 A disruption in our Common Stock dividend program could negatively impact our stock price. 
 
 Global Risks 
 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and supply chain constraints have impacted our business, operating results and financial condition, as well as the operations and financial performance of many of the customers and suppliers in industries that we serve. We are unable to predict the extent to which the pandemic, supply chain constraints and related effects will adversely impact our business operations, financial performance, results of operations, financial position and the achievement of our strategic objectives. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and related disease control measures have significantly impacted the global economy and has created significant supply chain constraints. These issues have had and could continue to have material adverse effects on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Although there has been an increase in vaccinations throughout the United States, vaccinations internationally have progressed at a slower rate and the impact of new strains of the virus are uncertain. The situation is changing rapidly and there may be additional impacts of which we are currently unaware. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business will depend on future developments, which cannot be predicted. 
 
 Poor business conditions due to the COVID-19 pandemic have resulted in the suppression of end-market demand for many of our products such as satellite ground station technologies and other short-lead time products. Because the timing, impact, severity and duration of these conditions are impossible to predict and remain ongoing, there is a risk that such conditions will have a material adverse effect on our future consolidated results of operations. The impact of the pandemic on our business has included or could in the future include: 
 
 disruptions to or restrictions on our ability to ensure the continuous manufacture and supply of our products and services, including insufficiency of our existing inventory levels; 
 
 temporary closures or reductions in operational capacity of our facilities or the facilities of our direct or indirect suppliers or customers; 
 
 permanent closures of our direct and indirect suppliers, resulting in adverse effects to our supply chain; 
 
 temporary shortages of skilled employees available to staff manufacturing, production and assembly facilities due to stay at home orders and travel restrictions within as well as into and out of countries; 
 
 increases in operational expenses and other costs related to requirements implemented to mitigate the impact of the pandemic; 
 
 supply chain disruptions, including increased freight costs; 
 
 delays or limitations on the ability of our customers to perform or make timely payments; 
 
 cancellations in our backlog; 
 
 reductions in short- and long-term demand for our products, or other disruptions in technology buying patterns; 
 
 adverse effects on economies and financial markets globally or in various markets throughout the world, potentially leading to a prolonged economic downturn or reductions in business and consumer spending, which may result in decreased net revenue, gross margins, or earnings and/or in increased expenses and difficulty in managing inventory levels; 

19 

delays to and/or lengthening of our sales or development cycles or qualification activity; 
 
 challenges for us, our direct and indirect suppliers and our customers in obtaining financing due to turmoil in financial markets; 
 
 workforce disruptions due to illness, quarantines, governmental actions, other restrictions, and/or the social distancing measures we have taken to mitigate the impact of COVID-19 at certain of our locations around the world in an effort to protect the health and well-being of our employees, customers, suppliers and of the communities in which we operate (including working from home, restricting the number of employees attending events or meetings in person, limiting the number of people in our buildings and factories at any one time, further restricting access to our facilities, suspending employee travel and inability to meet in person with customers); 
 
 increased vulnerability to cyberattacks due to the significant number of employees working remotely; and 
 
 our management team continuing to commit significant time, attention and resources to monitoring the COVID-19 pandemic and seeking to mitigate its effects on our business and workforce. 
 
 The ultimate extent of the impact of COVID-19 and supply chain constraints on our business, financial condition and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. These impacts, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Such effect may be exacerbated in the event the pandemic and the measures taken in response to it, and their effects, persist for an extended period of time, or if there are periodic resurgences of the outbreak. Under any of these circumstances, the resumption of normal business operations may be delayed or hampered by lingering effects of COVID-19 on our operations, direct and indirect suppliers, partners, and customers. 
 
 Our fiscal 2022 business outlook is difficult to forecast and operating results are subject to significant fluctuations and are likely to be volatile. 
 
 Historically, our business outlook is difficult to forecast and backlog (sometimes referred to herein as orders or bookings), net sales and operating results may vary significantly from period to period due to a number of factors including: sales mix; fluctuating market demand; start-up costs associated with the opening of our two new high-volume technology manufacturing centers; price competition; new product introductions by us or our competitors; customer bankruptcies; changing customer partnering procurement strategies; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; unexpected changes in the timing of delivery of components or subsystems; the financial performance and impact of acquisitions; new accounting standards; political instability; regulatory developments; changes in income tax rates or tax credits; the price and expected volatility of our stock (which will impact, among other items, the amount of stock-based compensation expense we may record); general global economic conditions, and the impact of natural disasters or global pandemics. 
 
 We have experienced, and will experience in the future, significant fluctuations in bookings, net sales and operating results from period to period. For example, a sudden change in global economic conditions (or a worsening of the COVID-19 pandemic as described above) could have an immediate impact on a large portion of our net sales, a large amount of which are derived from products such as satellite ground station technologies, amplifier products and mission-critical technologies that generally have short order and lead times. Similarly, sales of certain of our public safety and location technologies are subject to sudden changes in wireless carrier procurement strategies, including decisions to sole-source such solutions or to perform such solutions internally. As a result of any such conditions or changes, bookings and backlog related to these solutions are extremely sensitive to short-term fluctuations in customer demand. 
 
 In addition, a large portion of our Government Solutions segment's net sales are derived in part from large U.S. government programs or large foreign government opportunities that are subject to lengthy sales cycles (including funding requirements) and are therefore difficult to predict. 

20 

If global economic business and political conditions deteriorate as compared to the current environment it could have a material adverse impact on our business outlook and our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 In addition to the unique business risks related to COVID-19, many of the end-markets for our products and services may be significantly impacted for other issues that result in adverse global economic conditions. For example, many of our international end-customers are in emerging and developing countries that are subject to sweeping economic and political changes. Many governments around the world are under pressure to reduce their spending. In recent years, global oil and natural gas prices have been volatile and significantly impaired the ability of certain of our government customers in the oil and gas producing regions of the world to invest in telecommunications products and infrastructure. Additionally, the relative strength of the U.S. dollar against many international currencies has negatively impacted the purchasing power for many of our international end-customers because most of our sales are denominated in U.S. dollars. We generate significant sales from many emerging and developing countries. 
 
 We believe that the current global economic business environment is unstable and sudden negative changes could result in the immediate suppression of end-market demand for many of our products such as satellite ground station technologies and other short-lead time products. The timing, impact, severity and duration of these conditions are impossible to predict. 
 
 In addition, many of our international customers (including our Middle Eastern and African customers) rely on European bank financing to procure funding for large systems, many of which include our equipment. We believe that European financing has been and continues to be difficult to obtain. Volatility of financing conditions may cause our customers to be reluctant to spend funds required to purchase our equipment or projects could be postponed or canceled. 
 
 The United Kingdom ("U.K.") exited from the European Union ("E.U.") on January 31, 2020. Such exit, commonly referred to as "Brexit," has created and may continue to create economic and political uncertainties and impacts that could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations and profitability. Although the U.K. and E.U. entered a trade agreement for goods that was approved by the European Parliament in April 2021, there is no guarantee that it will remain in force as other cross-border issues remain contested. We maintain production, engineering and sales facilities in the U.K. and adverse consequences concerning Brexit could result in a deterioration in global economic conditions, instability in global financial markets, political uncertainty, volatility in currency exchange rates, or adverse changes in the cross-border agreements currently in place, any of which could have an adverse impact on our financial results in the future. 
 
 In the past, our overall business has not been immune from adverse economic conditions. If U.S. or global economic conditions deteriorate further, or political conditions become unstable, or additional economic sanctions are imposed on some of our end-customers, it could adversely impact our business in a number of ways, including: 
 
 Difficulty in forecasting our results of operations - It is difficult to accurately forecast our results of operations during periods of adverse conditions as we cannot predict the severity or the duration of such conditions or the impact it could have on our current and prospective customers. If our current or prospective customers materially postpone, reduce or even forgo purchases of our products and services to a greater extent than we anticipate, or if we are unable to secure certain parts that are currently in limited supply due to supplier constraints, our business outlook will prove to be inaccurate. 
 
 Additional reductions in telecommunications equipment and systems spending may occur - In the past, our businesses have been negatively affected by uncertain economic environments in the overall market and, more specifically, in the telecommunications sector. Our customers have reduced their budgets for spending on telecommunications equipment and systems and in some cases postponed or reduced the purchase of our products and systems. In the future, our customers may again reduce their spending on telecommunications equipment and systems which would negatively impact both of our operating segments. If this occurs, it would adversely affect our business outlook, net sales, profitability and the recoverability of our assets, including intangible assets such as goodwill. 
 
 Our customers may not be able to obtain financing - Although many of our products are relatively inexpensive when compared to the total systems or networks that they are incorporated into, our sales are affected by our customers' ability to obtain the financing they may require to build out their total systems or networks and fund ongoing operations. Many of our emerging market customers obtain financing for network buildouts from European commercial banks and/or governments. Our customers' inability to obtain adequate financing would adversely affect our net sales. In addition, if the economic environment and lack of financing results in insolvencies for our customers, it would adversely impact the recoverability of our accounts receivable which would, in turn, adversely impact our results of operations. 
 
 21 

We have significant operations in Arizona, Florida, California, Washington State, Maryland, New York and other locations which could be materially and adversely impacted in the event of a terrorist attack and government responses thereto or significant disruptions (including natural disasters) to our business. 
 
 Terrorist attacks, the U.S. and other governments' responses thereto, and threats of war could materially adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. For example, our 911 hosted location-based services and satellite teleport services operations depend on our ability to maintain our computer and equipment and systems in effective working order, and to protect our systems against damage from fire, natural disaster, power loss, telecommunications failure, sabotage, unauthorized access to our system or similar events. 
 
 Although many of our mission-critical systems and equipment are designed with built-in redundancy and security, any unanticipated interruption or delay in our operations or breach of security could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our property and business interruption insurance may not be adequate to compensate us for any losses that may occur in the event of a terrorist attack, threat, system failure or a breach of security. Insurance may not be available to us at all or, if available, may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms. 
 
 We currently, and intend to continue to, operate a high-volume technology manufacturing center located in Arizona. The COVID-19 pandemic, a terrorist attack or similar future event may disrupt our operations or those of our customers or suppliers and may affect the availability of materials needed to manufacture our products or the means to transport those materials to manufacturing facilities and finished products to customers. If a natural disaster or other business interruption occurred with respect to our high-volume technology manufacturing center, we do not have immediate access to other manufacturing facilities and, as a result, our business, results of operations and financial condition would be materially adversely affected. To support our long-term business goals for our satellite earth station product line, in fiscal 2021, we commenced a 15-year lease for a new 146,000 square foot facility in Chandler, Arizona and began shifting production of our satellite earth station products from our existing Tempe, Arizona locations. If we are unable to have a smooth transition to our new facility, production and deliveries of our products may be impacted and we may incur unexpected costs. 
 
 We design and manufacture our over-the-horizon microwave equipment and systems in Florida, where major hurricanes have occurred in the past, and amplifiers in Santa Clara, California, an area close to major earthquake fault lines, and also manufacture amplifiers in Melville, New York, an area subject to hurricanes. Additionally, certain of our Commercial Solutions segment activities are conducted in Washington State which is also near a fault line. We maintain operations in Maryland near a U.S. Navy facility which is more prone to a terrorist attack. Our operations in these and other locations (such as in our high-volume technology manufacturing center located in Tempe, Arizona and our antenna production facility in the United Kingdom), could be subject to natural disasters or other significant disruptions, including hurricanes, tornadoes, typhoons, tsunamis, floods, earthquakes, fires, water shortages, other extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics, acts of terrorism, power shortages and blackouts, telecommunications failures, and other natural and man-made disasters or disruptions. 
 
 We cannot be sure that our systems will operate appropriately if we experience hardware or software failure, intentional disruptions of service by third parties, an act of God or an act of war. A failure in our systems could cause delays in transmitting data, and as a result we may lose customers or face litigation that could involve material costs and distract management from operating our business. 
 
 In the event of any such disaster or other disruption, we could experience disruptions or interruptions to our operations or the operations of our suppliers, distributors, resellers or customers; destruction of facilities; and/or loss of life, all of which could materially increase our costs and expenses and materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 In addition, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in travel restrictions and business shutdowns both domestically and globally, including in locations in which we have significant operations. These or any further political, governmental or other actions to contain the spread or treat the impact of COVID-19, and the resulting developments, are highly uncertain and unpredictable and could result in social, economic and labor instability. These uncertainties could have a material adverse effect on the continuity of our business and our financial condition, the results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 22 

Business Risks 
 
 Our backlog is subject to customer cancellation or modification and such cancellations could result in a decline in sales and increased provisions for excess and obsolete inventory. 
 
 We currently have a backlog of orders, mostly under contracts that our customers may modify or terminate. Almost all of the contracts in our backlog (including firm orders previously received from the U.S. government) are subject to cancellation at the convenience of the customer or for default in the event that we are unable to perform under the contract. 
 
 In some cases, such as contracts received from large U.S. based telecommunication companies, our backlog is computed by multiplying the most recent month s contract or revenue by the months remaining under the existing long-term agreements, which we consider to be the best available information for anticipating revenue under those agreements. Also, a significant portion of the backlog from our U.S. commercial customers relates to large, multi-year contracts to provide state and local governments (and their agencies) with public safety and location technology solutions. Although the contracts themselves represent legal, binding obligations of these governments, funding is often subject to the approval of budgets (for example, on an annual or bi-annual basis). Although funding for these multi-year contracts are dependent on future budgets being approved, we include the full estimated value of these large, multi-year contracts in our backlog given the critical nature of the services being provided and the positive historical experience of our state and local government customers passing their respective budgets. 
 
 There can be no assurance that our backlog will result in actual revenue in any particular period, or at all, particularly during periods of macroeconomic instability. Nor can there be any assurance that any contract included in backlog will be profitable. The actual amount and timing of any revenue is subject to various contingencies, many of which are beyond our control. The actual recognition of revenue on contracts included in backlog may never occur or may change because a program schedule could change, a customer may not follow up with order details (e.g., delivery instructions), fluctuations in currency exchange rates after an order is placed could cause our products to become too expensive for a foreign customer, a customer s program could be canceled, a contract could be reduced, modified or terminated early due to changes in a customer s priorities, funding may not be included in future budgets, actual indirect rates being reimbursed on U.S. government contracts may ultimately be less than those indirect rates included in our initial proposals, or an option that we had assumed would be exercised is not exercised. 
 
 We record a provision for excess and obsolete inventory based on historical and projected usage trends and other factors, including the consideration of the amount of backlog we have on hand at any particular point in time. If orders in our backlog are canceled or modified, our estimates of future product demand may prove to be inaccurate, in which case we may have understated the provision required for excess and obsolete inventory. In the future, if we determine that our inventory is overvalued, we will be required to recognize such costs in our financial statements at the time of such determination. Any such charges could be materially adverse to our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Contract cost growth on our firm fixed-price contracts, including most of our government contracts, cost reimbursable type contracts and other contracts that cannot be justified as an increase in contract value due from customers exposes us to reduced profitability and the potential loss of future business and other risks. 
 
 A substantial portion of our products and services are sold under firm fixed-price contracts. Firm fixed-price contracts inherently have more risk than flexibly priced contracts. This means that we bear the risk of unanticipated technological, manufacturing, supply or other problems, price increases or other increases in the cost of performance. Future events could result in either upward or downward adjustments to those estimates which could negatively impact our profitability. Operating margin is materially adversely affected when contract costs that cannot be billed to the customer are incurred. This cost growth can occur if initial estimates used for calculating the contract price were incorrect, or if estimates to complete increase. To a lesser extent, we provide products and services under cost reimbursable type contracts which carry the entire burden of costs exceeding a negotiated contract ceiling price. 
 
 The cost estimation process requires significant judgment and expertise. Reasons for cost growth may include unavailability and productivity of labor, the nature and complexity of the work to be performed, the effect of change orders, the availability of materials, the effect of any delays in performance, availability and timing of funding from the customer, natural disasters, and the inability to recover any claims included in the estimates to complete. A significant change in an estimate on one or more programs could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

23 

Our business is highly dependent on the budgetary decisions of our government customers, including the U.S. government (including prime contractors to the U.S. government), and changes in the U.S. government s fiscal policies or budgetary priorities may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 During our fiscal years ended July 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, sales to the U.S. government (including sales to prime contractors to the U.S. government) were 201.1 million, 223.4 million and 269.2 million or 34.6 , 36.2 and 40.1 of our consolidated net sales, respectively. In addition, a large portion of our existing backlog consists of orders related to U.S. government contracts and our Business Outlook for Fiscal 2022 and beyond depends, in part, on significant new orders from the U.S. government, which undergoes extreme budgetary pressures from time to time. 
 
 We rely on particular levels of U.S. government spending on our communication solutions, and our receipt of future orders depends in large part on continued funding by the U.S. government for the programs in which we participate. These spending levels are not generally correlated with any specific economic cycle, but rather follow the cycle of general public policy and political support for this type of spending. Government contracts are conditioned upon the continuing availability of congressional appropriations and Congress s failure to appropriate funds, or Congress s actions to reduce or delay spending on, or reprioritize its spending away from, U.S. government programs which we participate in, could negatively affect our results of operations. Because many of the items we sell to the U.S. government are included in large programs realized over a period of several years, it is difficult, if not impossible, to determine specific amounts that are or will be appropriated for our products and services. As such, our assessments relating to the impact of changes in U.S. government spending may prove to be incorrect. 
 
 The federal debt limit continues to be actively debated as plans for long-term national fiscal policy are discussed. The outcome of these discussions could have a significant impact on defense spending broadly and programs we support in particular. The failure of Congress to approve future budgets and/or increase the debt ceiling of the U.S. on a timely basis could delay or result in the loss of contracts for the procurement of our products and services and we may be asked or required to continue to perform for some period of time on certain of our U.S. government contracts, even if the U.S. government is unable to make timely payments. A decrease in Department of Defense or Department of Homeland Security expenditures, the elimination or curtailment of a material program in which we are involved (such as the withdrawal of troops from Afghanistan or other parts of the world), or changes in payment patterns of our customers as a result of changes in U.S. government spending could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Ultimately, the U.S. government may be unable to timely complete its budget process or fully agree upon spending priorities. As such, it is possible that a shutdown of the U.S. government may occur, or interim budgets may be adopted. As such, we may experience delayed orders, delayed payments and declines in net sales, profitability and cash flows. We may experience related supply chain delays, disruptions or other problems associated with financial constraints faced by our suppliers and subcontractors. Moreover, an outbreak of a pandemic such as the COVID-19 pandemic and associated quarantines, closures and travel restrictions may cause temporary or long-term disruptions in our supply chain and distribution systems. All of the aforementioned conditions and factors could, in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, cost cutting, efficiency initiatives, reprioritization, other affordability analyses, and changes in budgetary priorities by our governmental customers, including the U.S. government, could adversely impact both of our operating segments. We are unable to predict the impact these or similar events could have on our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Our contracts with the U.S. government are subject to unique business, commercial and government audit risks. 
 
 We depend on the U.S. government for a significant portion of our revenues. Our contracts with the U.S. government are subject to unique business and commercial risks, including: 
 
 unexpected contract or project terminations or suspensions; 
 
 unpredictable order placements, reductions, accelerations, delays or cancellations; 
 
 higher than expected final costs, particularly relating to software and hardware development, for work performed under contracts where we commit to specified deliveries for a fixed-price; and 
 
 unpredictable cash collections of unbilled receivables that may be subject to acceptance of contract deliverables by the customer and contract close out procedures, including government audit and approval of final indirect rates. 

24 

Although we take steps to mitigate our risk with respect to contracts with the U.S. government, we may not be able to do so in every instance for any of the following reasons, among others: 
 
 Our U.S. government contracts can easily be terminated by the U.S. government - Our U.S. government contracts can be terminated by the U.S. government for its convenience or upon an event of default by us. Termination for convenience provisions provide us with little to no recourse related to: our potential recovery of costs incurred or costs committed, potential settlement expenses and hypothetical profit on work completed prior to termination. 
 
 Our U.S. government contracts are subject to funding by the U.S. Congress - Our U.S. government contracts are conditioned upon the continuing approval by Congress of the necessary funding. Congress usually appropriates funds for a given program on a fiscal year basis even though contract performance may take more than one year. Consequently, at the beginning of a major program, the contract may not be fully funded, and additional monies are normally committed to the contract only if, and when, appropriations are made by Congress for future fiscal years. Delays or changes in funding can impact the timing of awards or lead to changes in program content. We obtain certain of our U.S. government contracts through a competitive bidding process. There can be no assurance that we will win additional contracts or that actual contracts that are awarded will ultimately be profitable. 
 
 We can be disqualified as a supplier to the U.S. government - As a supplier to the U.S. government, we must comply with numerous regulations, including those governing security, contracting practices and classified information. Failure to comply with these regulations and practices could result in fines being imposed against us or our suspension for a period of time from eligibility for bidding on, or for award of, new government contracts. If we are disqualified as a supplier to government agencies, we would lose most, if not all, of our U.S. government customers and revenues from sales of our products would decline significantly. 
 
 Our employees may not be able to obtain and maintain the required security clearances for the facilities in which we perform sensitive government work - Certain of our U.S. Government contracts require our employees to maintain various levels of security clearances, and we are required to maintain certain facility security clearances. If we cannot maintain or obtain the required security clearances for our facilities and our employees, or obtain these clearances in a timely manner, we may be unable to perform certain U.S. Government contracts. Further, loss of a facility clearance, or an employee s failure to obtain or maintain a security clearance, could result in a U.S. Government customer terminating an existing contract or choosing not to renew a contract. Lack of required clearances could also impede our ability to bid on or win new U.S. Government contracts. This could damage our reputation and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, all of our U.S. government contracts can be audited by the Defense Contract Audit Agency ("DCAA") and other U.S. government agencies and we can be subject to penalties arising from post-award contract audits (sometimes referred to as a Truth in Negotiations Act or "TINA" audit) or cost audits in which the value of our contracts may be reduced. If costs are found to be improperly allocated to a specific contract, those costs will not be reimbursed, and any such costs already reimbursed would be required to be refunded. TCS underwent audits by the DCAA for periods prior to Comtech s fiscal 2016 acquisition of TCS. The DCAA has informed us that it is proposing retroactive contracts adjustments that, if finalized and issued, would result in the need for us to provide a refund to the U.S. government of approximately 2.4 million. We disagree with the DCAA s assessment and would vigorously protest any adjustment. We have not recorded any reserve related to these audits but ultimately an adjustment may be issued. Although we record contract revenues based upon costs we expect to realize upon final audit, we cannot predict the outcome of any such future audits and adjustments, and we may be required to materially reduce our revenues or profits upon completion and final negotiation of audits. Negative audit findings could also result in termination of a contract, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspension or debarment from U.S. government contracting or subcontracting for a period of time. 
 
 25 

Our dependence on sales to international customers exposes us to unique business, commercial and export compliance audit risks. 
 
 Sales for use by international customers (including sales to U.S. companies for inclusion in products that will be sold to international customers) represented approximately 23.9 , 23.5 and 25.4 of our consolidated net sales for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and we expect that international sales will continue to be a significant portion of our consolidated net sales for the foreseeable future. These sales expose us to certain risks, including barriers to trade, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates (which may make our products less price-competitive), political and economic instability, exposure to public health epidemics, availability of suitable export financing, tariff regulations, and other U.S. and foreign regulations that may apply to the export of our products. Although we take steps to mitigate our risk with respect to international sales, we may not be able to do so in every instance for any of the following reasons, among others: 
 
 We may not be able to continue to structure our international contracts to reduce risk - We attempt to reduce the risk of doing business in foreign countries by seeking subcontracts with large systems suppliers, contracts denominated in U.S. dollars, advance or milestone payments and irrevocable letters of credit in our favor. However, we may not be able to reduce the economic risk of doing business in foreign countries in all instances. In such cases, billed and unbilled receivables relating to international sales are subject to increased collectability risk and may result in significant write-offs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, foreign defense contracts generally contain provisions relating to termination at the convenience of the government. 
 
 We rely on a limited number of international sales agents - In some countries, we rely upon one or a small number of sales agents, exposing us to risks relating to our contracts with, and related performance of, those agents. We attempt to reduce our risk with respect to sales agents by establishing additional foreign sales offices where it is practical and by engaging, where practicable, more than one independent sales representative in a territory. It is our policy to require all sales agents to operate in compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. Violations of any of these laws, rules or regulations, and other business practices that are regarded as unethical, could interrupt the sales of our products and services, result in the cancellation of orders or the termination of customer relationships, and could damage our reputation, any of which developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We price most of our products in U.S. dollars - Today, most of our sales are denominated in U.S. dollars. Over the last few years, the U.S. dollar has strengthened significantly against many international currencies. As such, many of our international customers experienced a drop in their purchasing power as it relates to their ability to purchase our products. To date, we have not materially changed our selling prices and have experienced lower sales volumes in certain cases. If the U.S. dollar strengthens from current levels against many international currencies, our customers may reduce their spending or postpone purchases of our products and services to a greater extent than we currently anticipate which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We must comply with all applicable export control laws and regulations of the U.S. and other countries - Certain of our products and systems may require licenses from U.S. government agencies for export from the U.S., and some of our products are not permitted to be exported. In addition, in certain cases, U.S. export controls also severely limit unlicensed technical discussions, such as discussions with any persons who are not U.S. citizens or permanent residents. As a result, in cases where we may need a license, our ability to compete against a non-U.S. domiciled foreign company that may not be subject to the same U.S. laws may be materially adversely affected. U.S. laws and regulations applicable to us include the Arms Export Control Act, the IEEPA, the ITAR, the EAR and the trade sanctions laws and regulations administered by the U.S. Treasury Department's OFAC. 

26 

We must comply with the FCPA and similar laws elsewhere - We are subject to the FCPA and other foreign laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials, which generally bar bribes or unreasonable gifts to foreign governments or officials. Violations of these laws or regulations could result in significant sanctions, including disgorgement of profits, fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers, our directors, or our employees, more onerous compliance requirements, more extensive debarments from export privileges or loss of authorizations needed to conduct aspects of our international business. A violation of any of the regulations enumerated above could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, agents, or subsidiaries will not violate our policies. Additionally, changes in regulatory requirements which could restrict our ability to deliver services to our international customers, including the addition of a country to the list of sanctioned countries under the IEEPA or similar legislation could negatively impact our business. For the fiscal years ended July 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, we conducted no business with states designated as sponsors of terrorism. 
 
 We must maintain a company-wide Office of Trade Compliance - In the past, we have self-reported violations of export control laws or regulations to the U.S. Department of State, Directorate of Defense Trade Controls ("DDTC"), DoC and OFAC. In addition, we have made various commitments to U.S. government agencies that oversee trade and export matters and have committed that we will maintain certain policies and procedures including maintaining a company-wide Chief Trade Compliance Officer and Office of Trade Compliance and conducting ongoing internal assessment and reporting any future violations to those agencies. Even though we take precautions to avoid engaging in transactions that may violate U.S. export control laws or regulations, including trade sanctions, those measures may not be effective in every instance. If it is determined that we have violated U.S. export control laws or regulations or trade regulations, civil and criminal penalties could apply, and we may suffer reputational harm. 
 
 We are subject to future export compliance audits - We continue to implement policies and procedures to ensure that we comply with all applicable export control laws and regulations. We may be subject to future compliance audits that uncover improper or illegal activities that would subject us to material remediation costs, civil and criminal fines and/or penalties and/or an injunction. In addition, we could suffer serious reputational harm if allegations of impropriety were made against us. Each of these outcomes could, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The absence of comparable restrictions on competitors in other countries may adversely affect our competitive position. In addition, in order to ship our products into and implement our services in some countries, the products must satisfy the technical requirements of that particular country. If we were unable to comply with such requirements with respect to a significant quantity of our products, our sales in those countries could be restricted, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We may be affected by the future imposition of tariffs and trade restrictions - The current U.S. administration has generally not amended the trade policies and tariffs on imported products from the prior administration, and increased sanctions against Russia. Our inability to effectively manage the negative impacts of U.S. and foreign trade policies, including, in connection with our business with customers outside of the United States or with newly sanctioned entities could adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 
 A change in our relationship with our large wireless carrier customers could have a material adverse effect. 
 
 Although we have a long history of providing services to many of our wireless carrier partners, a change in purchasing or procurement strategies by a wireless carrier partner could result in the loss of business from that partner. Additionally, from time to time, we routinely perform services without a multi-period contract while we negotiate new and extended contract terms and pricing. These negotiations are complex and may take long periods of time. Even when we successfully negotiate a multi-period contract, our wireless carrier contracts, such as the ones with Verizon which accounted for 10.7 of our sales in fiscal 2021, provide for terminations with notice and provide a mechanism for the wireless carrier to renegotiate lower fees and/or change services. Fee pressure from these carriers is constant and ongoing. Thus, even when we obtain a multi-period contract term, our revenues could be suddenly and materially reduced. 

27 

Competitors offer technology that has functionality similar to ours for free, under different business models. Competition from such free offerings may reduce our revenue and harm our business. If our wireless carrier partners or our competition can offer such technology to their subscribers or customers for free, they may elect to cease their relationships with us, alter or reduce the manner or extent to which they market or offer our services or require us to substantially reduce our subscription fees or pursue other business strategies that may not prove successful for us and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 If our wireless carrier partners change the pricing and other terms by which they offer our products to their end-customers or do not continue to provide our services at all or renegotiate lower fees with us, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be suddenly and materially adversely affected. 
 
 We generate a significant portion of our revenue from customers that are wireless carriers, such as Verizon which accounted for 10.7 of our revenues in fiscal 2021. In addition, a portion of our revenue is derived from subscription fees that we receive from our wireless carrier partners for end-users who subscribe to our service on a standalone basis or in a bundle with other services. Future revenue will depend on the pricing and quality of those services and subscriber demand for those services, which may vary by market, and the level of subscriber turnover experienced by our wireless carrier partners. If subscriber turnover increases more than we anticipate, our financial results could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Poor performance in or disruptions of the services included in our advanced communication solutions could harm our reputation, delay market acceptance of our services and subject us to liabilities (including breach of contract claims brought by our customers and third-party damages claims brought by end-users). Our wireless carrier agreements and certain customers require us to meet specific requirements including operational uptime requirements or be subject to penalties. 
 
 If we are unable to meet contractual requirements with our wireless carrier partners, such as Verizon, they could terminate our agreements or we may be required to refund a portion of monthly subscriptions fees they have paid us. 
 
 Strategic Growth Risks 
 
 We face a number of risks relating to the expected long-term growth of our business. Our business and operating results may be negatively impacted if we are unable to manage this growth. 
 
 These risks include: 
 
 The loss of key technical and/or management personnel could adversely affect our business - Our future success depends on the continued contributions of key technical and management personnel. Many of our key and technical management personnel would be difficult to replace and are not subject to employment or non-competition agreements. We currently have research and development employees in areas that are located a great distance away from our U.S. headquarters and some work out of their respective homes. Managing remote product development operations is difficult and we may not be able to manage the employees in these remote centers successfully. Our expected growth and future success will depend, in large part, upon our ability to attract and retain highly qualified engineering, sales and marketing personnel. Competition for such personnel from other companies, academic institutions, government entities and other organizations is intense. Although we believe that we have been successful to-date in recruiting and retaining key personnel, we may not be successful in attracting and retaining the personnel we will need to grow and operate profitably. Also, the management skills that have been appropriate for us in the past may not continue to be appropriate if we grow and diversify. 
 
 We may not be able to improve our processes and systems to keep pace with anticipated growth - The future growth of our business may place significant demands on our managerial, operational, production and financial resources. In order to manage that growth, we must be prepared to improve and expand our management, operational and financial systems and controls, as well as our production capabilities. We also need to continue to recruit and retain personnel and train and manage our employee base. We must carefully manage research and development capabilities and production and inventory levels to meet product demand, new product introductions and product and technology transitions. Our planned moves to new high volume manufacturing facilities in Chandler, Arizona and Basingstoke, U.K. may be delayed and subject to unforeseen costs (both capital and operational), which could impede our ability to complete customer orders and thereby have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. If we are not able to timely and effectively manage our growth and maintain the quality standards required by our existing and potential customers, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 28 

Our markets are highly competitive and there can be no assurance that we can continue to compete effectively - The markets for our products are highly competitive. There can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to compete successfully on price or other terms, or that our competitors will not develop new technologies and products that are more effective than our own. We expect the Department of Defense s increased use of commercial off-the-shelf products and components in military equipment will encourage new competitors to enter the market. Also, although the implementation of advanced telecommunications services is in its early stages in many developing countries, we believe competition will continue to intensify as businesses and foreign governments realize the market potential of telecommunications services. Many of our competitors have financial, technical, marketing, sales and distribution resources greater than ours. Recently, we have seen increased requests for proposals from large wireless carriers for sole-source solutions and have responded to several such requests. In order to induce retention of existing customer contracts and obtain business on a sole-source basis, we may ultimately agree to adjust pricing on a retroactive basis. If our sole-source proposals are rejected in favor of a competitor s proposal, it could result in the termination of existing contracts, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We may not be able to obtain sufficient components to meet expected demand - Our dependence on component availability, government furnished equipment, subcontractors and key suppliers, including the core manufacturing expertise of our high-volume technology manufacturing center located in Arizona exposes us to risk. Although we obtain certain components and subsystems from a single source or a limited number of sources, we believe that most components and subsystems are available from alternative suppliers and subcontractors. During the past two years or so, partly driven by the COVID-19 pandemic and as a result of overall increased industry-wide demand, lead times for many components have increased as well as freight costs. In addition, threats of or actual tariffs could limit our ability to obtain certain parts on a cost-effective basis, or at all. A significant interruption in the delivery of such items could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Similarly, if our high-volume technology manufacturing center located in Arizona is unable to produce sufficient product or maintain quality, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our ability to maintain affordable credit insurance may become more difficult - In the normal course of our business, we purchase credit insurance to mitigate some of our domestic and international credit risk. Although credit insurance remains generally available, upon renewal, it may become more expensive to obtain or may not be available for existing or new customers in certain international markets and it might require higher deductibles than in the past. If we acquire a company with a different customer base, we may not be able to obtain credit insurance for those sales. As such, there can be no assurance that, in the future, we will be able to obtain credit insurance on a basis consistent with our past practices. 
 
 We have incurred indebtedness under a Credit Facility, and may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future, and may not be able to service that debt in the future and we must maintain compliance with various covenants that impose restrictions on our business. 
 
 On October 31, 2018, we entered into a First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the "Credit Facility") with a syndicate of lenders, replacing our prior Credit Agreement dated as of February 23, 2016. The Credit Facility provides a senior secured loan facility of up to 550.0 million consisting of: (i) a revolving loan facility with a borrowing limit of 300.0 million; (ii) an accordion feature allowing us to borrow up to an additional 250.0 million; (iii) a 35.0 million letter of credit sublimit; and (iv) a swingline loan credit sublimit of 25.0 million. The obligations under the Credit Facility are secured by substantially all of our tangible and intangible assets. 
 
 As of July 31, 2021, the amount outstanding under our Credit Facility was 201.0 million, which is reflected in the non-current portion of long-term debt on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. As of July 31, 2021, we also had 1.5 million of standby letters of credit outstanding under our Credit Facility related to guarantees of future performance on certain customer contracts. 
 
 The Credit Facility matures on October 31, 2023. If we do not have sufficient funds to repay our debt when due, it may be necessary to refinance our debt through additional debt or equity financings. If, at the time of any refinancing, prevailing interest rates or other factors result in higher interest rates on such refinancing, increases in interest expense could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our Credit Facility contains various affirmative and negative covenants that may restrict our ability to, among other things, permit liens on our property, change the nature of our business, transact business with affiliates and/or merge or consolidate with any other person or sell or convey certain of our assets to any one person. 
 
 29 

As of July 31, 2021, our Secured Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Facility) was 2.53x trailing twelve month ("TTM") Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Facility) compared to the maximum allowable Leverage Ratio of 3.75x TTM Consolidated EBITDA. Our Interest Expense Coverage Ratio as of July 31, 2021 was 13.05x TTM Adjusted EBITDA compared to the Minimum Interest Expense Coverage Ratio of 3.25x TTM Adjusted EBITDA. 
 
 We anticipate maintaining compliance with the terms and financial covenants in our Credit Facility for the foreseeable future, however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to meet these covenants. 
 
 Further, our ability to comply with covenants, terms of and conditions our facility may be affected by events beyond our control. Failure to comply with covenants could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could accelerate our repayment obligations. Our substantial debt obligations could impede, restrict or delay the implementation of our business strategy or prevent us from entering into transactions that would otherwise benefit our business. For example: 
 
 we may be required to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flows for other purposes, including business development efforts, capital expenditures, dividends or strategic acquisitions; 
 
 if we are not able to generate sufficient cash flows to meet our substantial debt service obligations or to fund our other liquidity needs, we may have to take actions such as selling assets or raising additional equity or reducing or delaying capital expenditures, strategic acquisitions, investments and joint ventures, or restructuring our debt; 
 
 we may not be able to fund future working capital, capital investments and other business activities; 
 
 we may not be able to pay dividends or make certain other distributions; 
 
 we may become more vulnerable in the event of a downturn in our business or a worsening of general economic or industry-specific conditions; and 
 
 our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and industry may be limited, thereby placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less indebtedness. 
 
 Moreover, we may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future to fund acquisitions or to fund other activities for general business purposes. If additional new debt is added to the current or planned debt levels, the related risks that we now face could intensify. A substantial increase in our indebtedness could also have a negative impact on our credit ratings. In this regard, failure to maintain our credit ratings could adversely affect the interest rate available to us in future financings, as well as our liquidity, competitive position and access to capital markets. Any decision regarding future borrowings will be based on the facts and circumstances existing at the time, including market conditions and our credit ratings. 
 
 Acquisitions of companies and investments could prove difficult to integrate, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value or adversely affect operating results or the market price of our common stock. 
 
 We expect to continue to evaluate other acquisitions and investments as part of our growth plans. Such efforts may not result in an acquisition or ultimately be beneficial to us. 
 
 Future acquisitions or investments may result in the use of significant amounts of cash, potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, incurrence of large amounts of debt, increases to amortization expense and future write-offs of the acquired intangibles. Acquisitions and investments involve risks that include failing to: 
 
 properly evaluate the technology; 
 
 accurately forecast the financial impact of the transaction, including accounting charges and transaction expenses; 
 
 integrate the technologies, products and services, research and development, sales and marketing, support and other operations; 
 
 integrate and retain key management personnel and other key employees; 
 
 retain and cross-sell to acquired customers; and 
 
 30 

combine potentially different corporate cultures. 
 
 Acquisitions and investments could also: 
 
 divert management s attention away from the operation of our businesses; 
 
 result in significant goodwill and intangibles write-offs in the event an acquisition or investment does not meet expectations; and 
 
 increase expenses, including expenses of managing the growth of such acquired businesses. 
 
 There can be no assurance that any future acquisition or investment will be successful within the anticipated time frame, or at all, will be as valuable as the amount we eventually pay to acquire it, and will not adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. In addition, if we consummate future acquisitions using our equity securities or securities convertible into our equity securities, existing stockholders may be diluted, which could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 
 
 Foreign acquisitions and investments are regularly subject to scrutiny by the U.S. government and its agencies, such as the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States CFIUS and the Defense Counterintelligence and Security Agency DCSA and our role as a U.S. federal contractor escalates such scrutiny, in particular, with respect to compliance with industrial security requirements. Failure to comply with the requirements of the U.S. government could result in fines being imposed against us or our suspension for a period of time of authority to operate under certain government programs or from eligibility for bidding on, or for award of, new government contracts, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 In connection with our fiscal 2020 acquisition of CGC Technology Limited ("CGC") and our fiscal 2021 acquisition of UHP Networks, Inc. UHP ), we now have a facility in Basingstoke, U.K. and opened a new office in Moscow, Russia. We have implemented and submitted for review by DCSA new stringent policies, protocols, procedures and organizational resolutions, including an updated Technology Control Plan, that prescribe the access controls and protective security measures necessary to preclude unauthorized access by foreign-national customers, vendors, visitors, or employees to classified information and unclassified export-controlled information. We have limited experience operating in these foreign jurisdictions and if we are unable to comply with local laws or U.S. laws related to such activity in foreign jurisdictions, or the DCSA or other U.S. government agencies directs us to implement changes, our operations could be restricted and/or we could be subject to fines and penalties, both of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our investments in recorded goodwill and other intangible assets could be impaired as a result of future business conditions, a deterioration of the global economy or if we change our reporting unit structure. 
 
 As of July 31, 2021, goodwill recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheet aggregated 347.7 million. Additionally, as of July 31, 2021, net intangibles recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheet aggregated 268.7 million. 
 
 For purposes of reviewing impairment and the recoverability of goodwill and other intangible assets, our Commercial Solutions and Government Solutions segment each constitute a reporting unit and we must make various assumptions in determining their estimated fair values. Reporting units are defined by how our Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") manages the business, which includes resource allocation decisions. We may, in the future, change our management approach which in turn may change the way we define our reporting units, as such term is defined by Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 350 " Intangibles - Goodwill and Other. " A change to our management approach may require us to perform an interim goodwill impairment test and possibly record impairment charges in a future period. 
 
 In accordance with FASB ASC 350, " Intangibles - Goodwill and Other," we perform a goodwill impairment analysis at least annually (in the first quarter of each fiscal year), unless indicators of impairment exist in interim periods. If we fail the quantitative assessment of goodwill impairment ("quantitative assessment"), we would be required to recognize an impairment loss equal to the amount that a reporting unit's carrying value exceeded its fair value; however, any loss recognized should not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. 

31 

On August 1, 2021 (the first day of our fiscal 2022), we performed our annual quantitative assessment and estimated the fair value of each of our reporting units using a combination of the income and market approaches. Based on our quantitative evaluation, we determined that our Commercial Solutions and Government Solutions reporting units had estimated fair values in excess of their carrying values of at least 22.7 and 94.1 , respectively, and concluded that our goodwill was not impaired and that neither of our two reporting units was at risk of failing the quantitative assessment. 
 
 It is possible that, during fiscal 2022 or beyond, business conditions (both in the U.S. and internationally) could deteriorate from the current state, our current or prospective customers could materially postpone, reduce or even forgo purchases of our products and services to a greater extent than we currently anticipate, or our common stock price could fluctuate. Such fluctuation could be caused by uncertainty about the severity and length of the COVID-19 pandemic, and its impact on global business activity. 
 
 A significant decline in our customers' spending that is greater than we anticipate or a shift in funding priorities may also have a negative effect on future orders, sales, income and cash flows and we might be required to perform a quantitative assessment during fiscal 2022 or beyond. If assumed net sales and cash flow projections are not achieved in future periods or our common stock price significantly declines from current levels, our Commercial Solutions and Government Solutions reporting units could be at risk of failing the quantitative assessment and goodwill and intangibles assigned to the respective reporting units could be impaired. 
 
 In any event, we are required to perform the next annual goodwill impairment analysis on August 1, 2022 (the start of our fiscal 2023). If our assumptions and related estimates change in the future, or if we change our reporting unit structure or other events and circumstances change (e.g., a sustained decrease in the price of our common stock (considered on both absolute terms and relative to peers)), we may be required to record impairment charges when we perform these tests, or in other future periods. In addition to our impairment analysis of goodwill, we also review net intangibles with finite lives when an event occurs indicating the potential for impairment. We believe that the carrying values of our net intangibles were recoverable as of July 31, 2021. Any impairment charges that we may record in the future could be material to our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Cybersecurity Risks 
 
 We could be negatively impacted by a system failure, lack of or failure of redundant system components, security breach through cyber-attack, cyber intrusion or otherwise, by other significant disruption of our IT networks or those we operate for certain customers, or third-party data center facilities, servers and related systems. If such occurs, in some cases, we may have to reimburse our customers for damages that they may have incurred, pay contract penalties, or provide refunds. 
 
 Similar to all companies in our industry, we are under constant cyber-attack and are subject to an ongoing risk of security breaches and disruptions of our IT networks and related systems, including third-party data center facilities, whether through actual breaches, cyber-attacks or cyber intrusions via the Internet, malware, computer viruses, attachments to e-mails, persons inside our organization or persons with access to systems inside our organization. Actual security breaches or disruption, particularly through cyber-attack or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, have increased in recent years and have become more complex. Our IT networks and systems, as well as third-party data center facilities, have been and, we believe, continue to be under constant attack. We face an added risk of a security breach or other significant disruption to certain of our equipment used on some of our customers' IT networks and related systems which may involve managing and protecting information relating to public safety agencies, wireless carriers as well as national security and other sensitive government functions. Many of our systems have, or are required to have, system redundancies and back-up; in some cases, we may not have sufficient redundancy and/or redundancy and/or back-ups may fail. We may incur significant costs to prevent and respond to system failures, failure of redundant system components, actual breaches, cyber-attacks and other systems disruptions. 

32 

As a communications company, and particularly as a government contractor and a provider of public safety and location technologies (including 911 hosted systems), we face a heightened risk of a security breach or disruption from actual breaches, cyber-attacks and other threats to gain unauthorized access to our and our customers' proprietary or classified information on our IT networks, third-party data center facilities and related systems and to certain of our equipment used on some of our customers' IT networks and related systems. These types of information, IT networks and related systems are critical to the operation of our business and essential to our ability to perform day-to-day operations, and, in some cases, are critical to the operations of certain of our customers. Although we make significant efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of information, IT networks and related systems, and we have implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security breach or disruption, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that actual security breaches or disruptions will not be successful or damaging. Even the most well protected information, networks, data centers, systems and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because security breaches, particularly cyber-attacks and intrusions, and disruptions have occurred and will occur again in the future. Techniques used in such breaches and cyber-attacks are constantly evolving and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, and in some cases are designed not to be detected and, in fact, may not be detected. In some cases, the resources of foreign governments may be behind such attacks. Accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, and thus it is virtually impossible for us to entirely mitigate this risk. 
 
 A security breach or other significant disruption (including as a result of a lack of redundancy and/or failure of such redundancy) involving these types of information, IT networks and related systems could: 
 
 Disrupt the proper functionality of these networks, data center facilities and systems and therefore our operations and/or those of certain of our customers; 
 
 Result in the unauthorized access to, and destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation or release of proprietary, confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information of ours or our customers, including trade secrets, which others could use to compete against us or for disruptive, destructive or otherwise harmful purposes and outcomes; 
 
 Compromise national security and other sensitive government functions; 
 
 Require significant management attention and resources to remedy the damage that results; 
 
 Make payments to our customers to reimburse them for damages, pay them penalties or provide refunds; and 
 
 Damage our reputation with our customers (particularly agencies of the U.S. government) and the public generally. 
 
 In addition, the cost of continually defending against cyber-attacks and actual breaches has increased in recent years and future costs and any or all of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

33 

The measures we have implemented to secure information we collect and store or enable access to may be breached, which could cause us to breach agreements with our partners and expose us to potential investigation and penalties by authorities and potential claims for contract breach, product liability damages, credits, penalties or termination by persons whose information was disclosed. 
 
 We take reasonable steps to protect the security, integrity and confidentiality of the information we collect and store and to prevent unauthorized access to third-party data to which we enable access through our products, but there is no guarantee that inadvertent or unauthorized disclosure will not occur or that third parties will not gain unauthorized access despite our efforts. If such unauthorized disclosure or access does occur, we may be required to notify persons whose information was disclosed or accessed under existing and proposed laws. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and are often not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. In the event of such disclosure, we also may be subject to claims of breach of contract, investigation and penalties by regulatory authorities and potential claims by persons whose information was disclosed. If there is a security breach or if there is an inappropriate disclosure of any of these types of information, we could be exposed to investigations, litigation, fines and penalties. Remediation of and liability for loss or misappropriation of end user or employee personal information could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Even if we were not held liable for such event, a security breach or inappropriate disclosure of personal, private or confidential information could harm our reputation and our relationships with current and potential customers and end users. Even the perception of a security risk could inhibit market acceptance of our products and services. We may be required to invest additional resources to protect against damage caused by any actual or perceived disruptions of our services. We may also be required to provide information about the location of an end user s mobile device to government authorities, which could result in public perception that we are providing the government with intelligence information and deter some end users from using our services. Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Legal, Regulatory and Litigation Risks 
 
 Changes in U.S. tax law could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 
 The laws, rules, and regulations dealing with U.S. federal, state, and local income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the Internal Revenue Service and the U.S. Treasury Department. Changes to tax laws (which changes may have immediate and/or retroactive application) could adversely affect us or holders of our common stock. In recent years, many changes have been made to applicable tax laws and changes are likely to continue to occur in the future. It cannot be predicted whether, when, in what form, or with what effective dates, new tax laws may be enacted, or regulations and rulings may be enacted, promulgated or issued under existing or new tax laws, which could result in an increase in our tax liability or require changes in the manner in which we operate in order to minimize or mitigate any adverse effects of changes in tax law or in the interpretation thereof. 
 
 Our U.S. federal, state and foreign tax returns are subject to audit and a resulting tax assessment or settlement could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Significant judgment is required in determining the provision for income taxes. 
 
 The final determination of tax examinations and any related litigation could be materially different than what is reflected in historical income tax provisions and accruals. 
 
 Our federal income tax returns for fiscal 2018 through 2020 are subject to potential future Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") audit. None of our state income tax returns prior to fiscal 2017 are subject to audit. In addition to income tax audits, TCS is subject to ongoing state excise tax audits by the Washington State Department of Revenue. Although adjustments relating to past audits of our federal income tax returns were immaterial, a resulting tax assessment or settlement for other periods or other jurisdictions that may be selected for future audit could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 

34 

We may be subject to environmental liabilities. 
 
 We engage in manufacturing and are subject to a variety of local, state and federal laws and regulations relating to the storage, discharge, handling, emission, generation, manufacture and disposal of toxic or other hazardous substances used to manufacture our products. We are also subject to the Restriction of Hazardous Substance ("RoHS") directive which restricts the use of lead, mercury and other substances in electrical and electronic products. The failure to comply with current or future environmental requirements could result in the imposition of substantial fines, suspension of production, alteration of our manufacturing processes or cessation of operations that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the handling, treatment or disposal of hazardous substances by us or our predecessors may have resulted, or could in the future result, in contamination requiring investigation or remediation, or lead to other liabilities, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The success of our business is dependent on compliance with FCC rules and regulations and similar foreign laws and regulations. 
 
 Many of our products are incorporated into wireless communications systems that must comply with various U.S. government regulations, including those of the FCC, as well as similar international laws and regulations. As a result, our business faces increased risks including the following: 
 
 We must obtain various licenses from the FCC - We operate FCC licensed teleports that are subject to the Communications Act of 1934, as amended, or the FCC Act, and the rules and regulations of the FCC. We cannot guarantee that the FCC will grant renewals when our existing licenses expire, nor are we assured that the FCC will not adopt new or modified technical requirements that will require us to incur expenditures to modify or upgrade our equipment as a condition of retaining our licenses. We may, in the future, be required to seek FCC or other government approval if foreign ownership of our stock exceeds certain specified criteria. Failure to comply with these policies could result in an order to divest the offending foreign ownership, fines, denial of license renewal and/or license revocation proceedings against the licensee by the FCC, or denial of certain contracts from other U.S. government agencies. 
 
 We are dependent on the allocation and availability of frequency spectrum - Adverse regulatory changes related to the allocation and availability of frequency spectrum and in the military standards and specifications that define the current satellite networking environment, could materially harm our business by: (i) restricting development efforts by us and our customers, (ii) making our current products less attractive or obsolete, or (iii) increasing the opportunity for additional competition. The increasing demand for wireless communications has exerted pressure on regulatory bodies worldwide to adopt new standards and reassign bandwidth for these products and services. The reduced number of available frequencies for other products and services and the time delays inherent in the government approval process of new products and services have caused, and may continue to cause, our customers to cancel, postpone or reschedule their installation of communications systems including their satellite, over-the-horizon microwave, or terrestrial line-of-sight microwave communication systems. This, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our sales of products to our customers. Changes in, or our failure to comply with, applicable laws and regulations could materially adversely harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 Our future growth is dependent, in part, on developing NG-911 compliant products - The FCC requires that certain location information be provided to network operators for public safety answering points when a subscriber makes a 911 call. Technical failures, greater regulation by federal, state or foreign governments or regulatory authorities, time delays or the significant costs associated with developing or installing improved location technology could slow down or stop the deployment of our mobile location products. If deployment of improved location technology is delayed, stopped or never occurs, market acceptance of our products and services may be materially adversely affected. Because we rely on some third-party location technology instead of developing all of the technology ourselves, we have little or no influence over its improvement. The technology employed with NG-911 services generally anticipates a migration to internet-protocol ("IP") based communication. Since many companies are proficient in IP-based communication protocols, the barriers to entry to providing NG-911 products and services are lower than for traditional switch-based protocols. If we are unable to develop unique and proprietary solutions that are superior to and/or more cost effective than other market offers, our 911 business could get replaced by new market entrants, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

35 

Under the FCC s mandate, our 911 business is dependent on state and local governments - Under the FCC s mandate, wireless carriers are required to provide 911 services only if state and local governments request the service. As part of a state or local government s decision to request 911, they have the authority to develop cost recovery mechanisms. However, cost recovery is no longer a condition to wireless carriers obligation to deploy the service. If state and local governments do not widely request that 911 services be provided or we become subject to significant pressures from wireless carriers with respect to pricing of 911 services, our 911 business would be harmed and future growth of our business would be reduced. 
 
 Regulation of the mobile communications industry and VoIP is evolving, and unfavorable changes or our failure to comply with existing and potential new legislation or regulations could harm our business and operating results. 
 
 As the mobile communications industry continues to evolve, we believe greater regulation by federal, state or foreign governments or regulatory authorities is likely and we face certain risks including: 
 
 We must adhere to existing and potentially new privacy rules - We believe increased regulation is likely in the area of data privacy, and laws and regulations applying to the solicitation, collection, processing or use of personal or consumer information could affect our customers ability to use and share data, potentially reducing our ability to utilize this information in the resale of certain of our products. In order for mobile location products and services to function properly, wireless carriers must locate their subscribers and store information on each subscriber s location. Although data regarding the location of the wireless user resides only on the wireless carrier s systems, users may not feel comfortable with the idea that the wireless carrier knows and can track their location. Carriers will need to obtain subscribers permission to gather and use the subscribers personal information, or they may not be able to provide customized mobile location services which those subscribers might otherwise desire. If subscribers view mobile location services as an annoyance or a threat to their privacy, that could reduce demand for our products and services and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Over the past several years, there have been a number of laws and regulations enacted that affect companies conducting business on the Internet, including the European General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"). The GDPR imposes certain privacy related requirements on companies that receive or process personal data of residents of the European Union that are currently different than those in the United States and include significant penalties for non-compliance. Similarly, there are a number of legislative proposals in the United States, at both the federal and state level, that could impose new obligations in areas affecting our business, such as liability for personal data protection. In addition, some countries are considering or have passed legislation implementing data protection requirements or requiring local storage and processing of data or similar requirements that could increase the cost and complexity of delivering our services. Our costs to comply with the GDPR as well any other similar laws and regulations that emerge may negatively impact our business. 
 
 We may face increased compliance costs in connection with health and safety requirements for mobile devices - If wireless handsets pose health and safety risks, we may be subject to new regulations and demand for our products and services may decrease. Media reports have suggested that certain radio frequency emissions from wireless handsets may be linked to various health concerns, including cancer, and may interfere with various electronic medical devices, including hearing aids and pacemakers. Concerns over radio frequency emissions may have the effect of discouraging the use of wireless handsets, which would decrease demand for our services. In recent years, the FCC and foreign regulatory agencies have updated the guidelines and methods they use for evaluating radio frequency emissions from radio equipment, including wireless handsets. In addition, interest groups have requested that the FCC investigate claims that wireless technologies pose health concerns and cause interference with airbags, hearing aids and other medical devices. There also are some safety risks associated with the use of wireless handsets while driving. Concerns over these safety risks and the effect of any legislation that may be adopted in response to these risks could limit our ability to market and sell our products and services. 
 
 The regulatory environment for VoIP services is developing - The FCC has determined that VoIP services are not subject to the same regulatory scheme as traditional wireline and wireless telephone services. If the regulatory environment for VoIP services evolves in a manner other than the way we anticipate, our 911 business would be significantly harmed and future growth of our business would be significantly reduced. For example, the regulatory scheme for wireless and wireline service providers requires those carriers to allow service providers such as us to have access to certain databases that make the delivery of a 911 call possible. No such requirements exist for VoIP service providers, so carriers could prevent us from continuing to provide VoIP 911 service by denying us access to the required databases. 
 
 36 

Ongoing compliance with the provisions of securities laws, related regulations and financial reporting standards could unexpectedly materially increase our costs and compliance related expenses. 
 
 Because we are a publicly traded company, we are required to comply with provisions of securities laws, related regulations and financial reporting standards. Because securities laws, related regulations and financial reporting standards pertaining to our business are relatively complex, our business faces increased risks including the following: 
 
 If we identify a material weakness in the future, our costs may unexpectedly increase - Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and related SEC rules, we are required to furnish a report of management s assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls as part of our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our independent registered public accountants are required to attest to and provide a separate opinion. To issue our report, we document our internal control design and the testing processes that support our evaluation and conclusion, and then we test and evaluate the results. There can be no assurance, however, that we will be able to remediate material weaknesses, if any, that may be identified in future periods, or maintain all of the controls necessary for continued compliance. There likewise can be no assurance that we will be able to retain sufficient skilled finance and accounting personnel, especially in light of the increased demand for such personnel among publicly traded companies. 
 
 Stock-based compensation accounting standards could negatively impact our stock - Since our inception, we have used stock-based awards as a fundamental component of our employee compensation packages. We believe that stock-based awards directly motivate our employees to maximize long-term stockholder value and, through the use of long-term vesting, encourage employees to remain with us. We apply the provisions of ASC 718, " Compensation - Stock Compensation, " which requires us to record compensation expense in our statement of operations for employee and director stock-based awards using a fair value method. In the first quarter of fiscal 2018, we adopted FASB ASU No. 2016-09 which modified certain aspects of ASC 718, including the requirement to recognize excess tax benefits and shortfalls in the income statement. The ongoing application of this standard will have a significant effect on our reported earnings, and could adversely impact our ability to provide accurate guidance on our future reported financial results due to the variability of the factors used to estimate the value of stock-based awards (including long-term performance shares which are subject to the achievement of three-year goals which are based on several performance metrics). The ongoing application of this standard could impact the future value of our common stock and may result in greater stock price volatility. To the extent that this accounting standard makes it less attractive to grant stock-based awards to employees, we may incur increased compensation costs, change our equity compensation strategy or find it difficult to attract, retain and motivate employees, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Also, the accounting rules and regulations that we must comply with are complex. Accounting rules and regulations are continually changing in ways that could materially impact our financial statements. As further discussed in "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Note (1) - Summary of Significant Accounting and Reporting Policies" included in "Part II - Item 8. - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data," included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we note the following: 
 
 We must maintain compliance with new complex revenue recognition rules - On August 1, 2018 (our first quarter of fiscal 2019), we adopted ASU No. 2014-09 "Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)," which replaces numerous requirements in U.S. GAAP, including industry specific requirements, and provides a single revenue recognition model for contracts with customers. The ASU applies to all open contracts existing as of August 1, 2018. We adopted this ASU using the modified retrospective method and there was no material impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We must maintain compliance with new complex lease accounting rules - In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, "Leases (Topic 842)," to revise existing lease accounting guidance. The update requires most leases to be recorded on the balance sheet as a lease liability, with a corresponding right-of-use asset. We adopted Topic 842 on August 1, 2019, the beginning of our first quarter of fiscal 2020. Except for recording a total right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability on our Consolidated Balance Sheet, which amount approximates 4.0 of our total consolidated assets at July 31, 2019, our adoption of Topic 842 did not have a material impact to our statements of operations or cash flows. 

37 

We must comply with these new rules on a go-forward basis. Because of the uncertainties of the estimates, judgments and assumptions associated with these new accounting standards, as well as with any future guidance or interpretations related to them, we may incur additional costs and cannot provide any assurances that we will be able to comply with such complex rules. 
 
 Our costs to comply with the aforementioned and other regulations continue to increase and we may have to add additional accounting staff, engage consultants or change our internal practices, standards and policies which could significantly increase our costs to comply with ongoing or future requirements. In addition, the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC ("NASDAQ") routinely changes its requirements for companies, such as us, that are listed on NASDAQ. These changes (and potential future changes) have increased and may increase our legal and financial compliance costs, including making it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance or maintain our current liability coverage. We believe that these new and proposed laws and regulations could make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our Board of Directors, particularly to serve on our Audit Committee, and qualified executive officers. 
 
 Indemnification provisions in our contracts could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, we include indemnification provisions in certain of our customer contracts. Pursuant to these agreements, we have agreed to indemnify, hold harmless and reimburse the indemnified party for losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party, including but not limited to losses related to third-party intellectual property claims. Some customers seek indemnification under their contractual arrangements with us for claims and other costs associated with defending lawsuits alleging infringement of patents through their use of our products and services, and the use of our products and services in combination with products and services of other vendors. 
 
 In some cases, we have agreed to assume the defense of the case. In others, we will negotiate with these customers in good faith because we believe our technology does not infringe the cited patents or due to specific clauses within the customer contractual arrangements that may or may not give rise to an indemnification obligation. It is not possible to determine the maximum potential amount we may spend under these agreements due to the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. 
 
 Our assessments related to indemnification provisions are based on estimates and assumptions that have been deemed reasonable by management, but that may prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, and unanticipated events and circumstances may occur that might cause us to change those estimates and assumptions. Therefore, it is possible that an unfavorable resolution of one or more of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements in a future period. 
 
 We are, from time to time, and could become a party to additional litigation or subject to claims, including product liability claims, employee claims, government investigations and other proceedings that could cause us to incur unanticipated expenses and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition . 
 
 We are, from time to time, involved in commercial disputes and civil litigation relating to our businesses. 
 
 Our agreements with customers may require us to indemnify such customers. Direct claims against us or claims against our customers may relate to defects in or non-conformance of our products, or our own acts of negligence and non-performance. Occasionally, we are called upon also to provide information in connection with litigation involving other parties or government investigations. Product liability and other forms of insurance are expensive and may not be available in the future. 
 
 We cannot be sure that we will be able to maintain or obtain insurance coverage at acceptable costs or in sufficient amounts or that our insurer will not disclaim coverage as to a future claim. In many cases, we are unable to obtain insurance and are self-insured. Any such claim could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 For additional information related to these lawsuits, see "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Note (12)(a) - Commitments and Contingencies - Legal Proceedings and Other Matters" included in "Part II - Item 8.- Financial Statements and Supplementary Data," included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

38 

Protection of our intellectual property is limited and pursuing infringers of our patents and other intellectual property rights can be costly. 
 
 Our businesses rely, in large part, upon our proprietary scientific and engineering know-how and production techniques. We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark, service mark, trade secret and unfair competition laws, restrictions in licensing agreements, confidentiality provisions and various other contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property and related proprietary rights, but these legal means provide only limited protection. Although a number of patents have been issued to us and we have obtained a number of other patents as a result of our acquisitions, we cannot assure you that our issued patents will be upheld if challenged by another party. Additionally, with respect to any patent applications which we have filed, we cannot assure you that any patents will be issued as a result of these applications. 
 
 The departure of any of our key management and technical personnel, the breach of their confidentiality and non-disclosure obligations to us or the failure to achieve our intellectual property objectives could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our ability to compete successfully and achieve future revenue growth will depend, in part, on our ability to protect our proprietary technology and operate without infringing upon the rights of others. We may fail to do so. In addition, the laws of certain countries in which our products are or may be sold may not protect our products or intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. 
 
 Our ability to protect our intellectual property rights is also subject to the terms of future government contracts. We cannot assure you that the federal government will not demand greater intellectual property rights or restrict our ability to disseminate intellectual property. We are also a member of standards-setting organizations and have agreed to license some of our intellectual property to other members on fair and reasonable terms to the extent that the license is required to develop non-infringing products. 
 
 Pursuing infringers of our proprietary rights could result in significant litigation costs, and any failure to pursue infringers could result in our competitors utilizing our technology and offering similar products, potentially resulting in loss of a competitive advantage and decreased revenues. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, existing patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws afford only limited protection. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the U.S. Protecting our know-how is difficult especially after our employees or those of our third-party contract service providers end their employment or engagement. Attempts may be made to copy or reverse-engineer aspects of our products or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. Accordingly, we may not be able to prevent the misappropriation of our technology or prevent others from developing similar technology. Furthermore, policing the unauthorized use of our products is difficult and expensive. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. The costs and diversion of resources could significantly harm our business. If we fail to protect our intellectual property, we may not receive any return on the resources expended to create the intellectual property or generate any competitive advantage based on it. 
 
 Third parties may claim we are infringing their intellectual property rights and we could be prevented from selling our products, or suffer significant litigation expense, even if these claims have no merit. 
 
 Our competitive position is driven in part by our intellectual property and other proprietary rights. Third parties, however, may claim that we, our products, operations or any products or technology we obtain from other parties are infringing their intellectual property rights, and we may be unaware of intellectual property rights of others that may impact some of our assets, technology and products. From time to time we receive letters from third parties who allege we are infringing their intellectual property and ask us to license such intellectual property. We review the merits of each such letter and respond as we deem appropriate. 

39 

From time to time our customers are parties to allegations of intellectual property infringement claims based on our customers incorporation and use of our products and services, which may lead to demands from our customers for us to indemnify them for costs in defending those allegations. Any litigation regarding patents, trademarks, copyrights or intellectual property rights, even those without merit, and the related indemnification demands of our customers, can be costly and time consuming, and divert our management and key personnel from operating our business. The complexity of the technology involved, and inherent uncertainty and cost of intellectual property litigation increases our risks. If any third party has a meritorious or successful claim that we are infringing its intellectual property rights, we may be forced to change our products or enter into licensing arrangements with third parties, which may be costly or impractical. This also may require us to stop selling our products as currently engineered, which could harm our competitive position. We also may be subject to significant damages or injunctions that prevent the further development and sale of certain of our products or services and may result in a material loss of revenue. 
 
 From time to time, there have been claims challenging the ownership of open source software against companies that incorporate open source software into their products. As a result, we could be subject to suits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software. Some open source licenses contain requirements that we make available source code for modifications or derivative works under the terms of a particular open source license or other license granting third parties certain rights of further use. If we combine our proprietary software products with open source software in a certain manner, we could under certain of the open source licenses, be required to release our proprietary source code. Open source license terms may be ambiguous and many of the risks associated with usage of open source software cannot be eliminated, and could if not properly addressed, negatively affect our business. If we were found to have inappropriately used open source software, we may be required to release our proprietary source code, re-engineer our products and client applications, discontinue the sale of our products or services in the event re-engineering cannot be accomplished on a timely basis or take other remedial action that may divert resources away from our development efforts, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 Competitive Risks 
 
 All of our business activities are subject to rapid technological change, new entrants, the introduction of other distribution models and long development and testing periods each of which may harm our competitive position, render our product or service offerings obsolete and require us to continuously develop technology and/or obtain licensed technology in order to compete successfully. 
 
 We are engaged in business activities characterized by rapid technological change, evolving industry standards, frequent new product announcements and enhancements, and changing customer demands. The introduction of products and services or future industry standards embodying new technologies, such as multi-frequency time division multiple access ("MF-TDMA") based technologies could render any of our products and services obsolete or non-competitive. The successful execution of our business strategy is contingent upon wireless network operators launching and maintaining mobile location services, our ability to maintain a technically skilled development and engineering team, our ability to create new network software products and adapt our existing products to rapidly changing technologies, industry standards and customer needs. As a result of the complexities inherent in our product offerings, new technologies may require long development and testing periods. Additionally, new products may not achieve market acceptance or our competitors could develop alternative technologies that gain broader market acceptance than our products. If we are unable to develop and introduce technologically advanced products that respond to evolving industry standards and customer needs, or if we are unable to complete the development and introduction of these products on a timely and cost effective basis, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition or could result in our technology becoming obsolete. 
 
 New entrants seeking to gain market share by introducing new technology and new products may make it more difficult for us to sell our products and services and could create increased pricing pressure, reduced profit margins, increased sales and marketing expenses, or the loss of market share or expected market share, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. For example, many companies are developing new technologies and the shift towards open standards such as IP-based satellite networks will likely result in increased competition and some of our products may become commoditized. 

40 

Our Commercial Solutions segment provides various technologies that are utilized on mobile phones. Applications from competitors for location-based or text-based messaging platforms may be preloaded on mobile devices by original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, or offered by OEMs directly. Increased competition from providers of location-based services which do not rely on a wireless carrier may result in fewer wireless carrier subscribers electing to purchase their wireless carrier s branded location-based services, which could harm our business and revenue. In addition, these location-based or text-based services may be offered for free or on a one-time fee basis, which could force us to reduce monthly subscription fees or migrate to a one-time fee model to remain competitive. We may also lose end users or face erosion in our average revenue per user if these competitors deliver their products without charge to the consumer by generating revenue from advertising or as part of other applications or services. 
 
 Our expected growth and our financial position depends on, among other things, our ability to keep pace with such changes and developments and to respond to the increasing variety of electronic equipment users and transmission technologies. We may not have the financial or technological resources to keep pace with such changes and developments or be successful in our research and development and we may not be able to identify and respond to technological improvements made by our competitors in a timely or cost-effective fashion. Any delays could result in increased costs of development or redirect resources from other projects. In addition, we cannot provide assurances that the markets for our products, systems, services or technologies will develop as we currently anticipate. The failure of our products, systems, services or technologies to gain market acceptance could significantly reduce our net sales and harm our business. 
 
 Our business is highly competitive, we are reliant upon the success of our partners, and some of our competitors have significantly greater resources than we do, which could result in a loss of customers, market share and/or market acceptance. 
 
 Our business is highly competitive. We will continue to invest in research and development for the introduction of new and enhanced products and services designed to improve capacity, data processing rates and features. We must also continue to develop new features and to improve functionality of our software. Research and development in our industry is complex, expensive and uncertain. We believe that we must continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to research and development efforts to maintain our competitive position. If we continue to expend a significant amount of resources on research and development, but our efforts do not lead to the successful introduction of product and service enhancements that are competitive in the marketplace, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Several of our potential competitors are substantially larger than we are and have greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. In particular, larger competitors have certain advantages over us which could cause us to lose customers and impede our ability to attract new customers, including: larger bases of financial, technical, marketing, personnel and other resources; more established relationships with wireless carriers and government customers; more funds to deploy products and services; and the ability to lower prices (or not charge any price) of competitive products and services because they are selling larger volumes. Furthermore, we cannot be sure that our competitors will not develop competing products, systems, services or technologies that gain market acceptance in advance of our products, systems, services or technologies, or that our competitors will not develop new products, systems, services or technologies that cause our existing products, systems, services or technologies to become non-competitive or obsolete, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Our Commercial Solutions segment provides public safety and location technologies to various state and local municipalities and to a large extent, we are reliant on the success of our wireless partners and distributors to meet our growth objectives. In some cases, our wireless partners may have different objectives, or our distributors may not be successful. We also began an evaluation and repositioning of certain of our location technology solutions within our Commercial Solutions segment in order to focus on providing higher margin solution offerings and increase our penetration into the public safety space. To date, we have ceased offering certain location technology solutions, have worked with customers to wind-down certain legacy contracts and have not renewed certain contracts. Going forward, we intend to continue to work with our partners and expand our direct and indirect sales and distribution channels in this area. If we are not successful in doing so, we may not be able to achieve our long-term business goals. 

41 

We rely upon various third-party companies and their technology to provide services to our customers and if we are unable to obtain such services at reasonable prices, or at all, our gross margins and our ability to provide the services of our wireless applications business could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Risks from our reliance with these third parties include: 
 
 The loss of mapping and third-party content - The wireless data services provided to our customers are dependent on real-time, continuous feeds from map data, points of interest data, traffic information, gas prices, theater, event and weather information from vendors and others. Any disruption of this third-party content from our satellite feeds or backup landline feeds or other disruption could result in delays in our subscribers ability to receive information. We obtain this data that we sell to our customers from companies owned by current and potential competitors, who may act in a manner that is not in our best interest. If our suppliers of this data or content were to enter into exclusive relationships with other providers of location-based services or were to discontinue providing such information and we were unable to replace them cost effectively, or at all, our ability to provide the services of our wireless applications business would be materially adversely affected. Our gross margins may also be materially adversely affected if the cost of third-party data and content increases substantially. 
 
 Third-party data centers or third-party networks may fail - Many products and services of our advanced communication solutions, in particular our public safety and location technology solutions, are provided through a combination of our servers, which are hosted at third-party data centers, and on the networks, as well as within the data centers of our wireless carrier partners. The third-party facilities are in Irvine, California, San Francisco, California, Dallas, Texas and Raleigh, North Carolina, and we may use others as required. We also use third-party data center facilities in the Phoenix, Arizona area to provide for disaster recovery. Additionally, certain non-911 products, technologies, and solutions are currently hosted in cloud-based applications operated by third parties such as Amazon Web Services and Microsoft. As such, our business relies to a significant degree on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of the third-party data centers, customer data centers, and cloud providers we use. Network failures, disruptions or capacity constraints in our third-party data center facilities or in our servers maintained at their location could affect the performance of the products and services of our wireless applications and 911 business and harm our reputation and our revenue. The ability of our subscribers to receive critical location and business information requires timely and uninterrupted connections with our wireless network carriers. Any disruption from our satellite feeds or backup landline feeds could also result in delays in our subscribers ability to receive information. 
 
 We must integrate our technologies and routinely upgrade them - We may not be able to upgrade our location services platform to support certain advanced features and functionality without obtaining technology licenses from third parties. Obtaining these licenses may be costly and may delay the introduction of such features and functionality, and these licenses may not be available on commercially favorable terms, or at all. Problems and delays in development or delivery as a result of issues with respect to design, technology, licensing and patent rights, labor, learning curve assumptions, or materials and components could prevent us from achieving contractual obligations. In addition, our products cannot be tested and proven in all situations and are otherwise subject to unforeseen problems. The inability to offer advanced features or functionality, or a delay in our ability to upgrade our location-based services platform, may materially adversely affect demand for our products and services and, consequently, have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We rely upon "open-source" software - We have incorporated some types of open-source software into our products, allowing us to enhance certain solutions without incurring substantial additional research and development costs. Thus far, we have encountered no unanticipated material problems arising from our use of open-source software. However, as the use of open-source software becomes more widespread, certain open-source technology could become competitive with our proprietary technology, which could cause sales of our products to decline or force us to reduce the fees we charge for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 42 

Because our software may contain defects or errors, and our hardware products may incorporate defective components, our sales could decrease if these defects or errors adversely affect our reputation or delay shipments of our products. 
 
 Products as complex as ours are likely to contain undetected errors or defects, especially when first introduced or when new versions are released. Software products, such as our 911 call handling software solutions, must meet stringent customer technical requirements and we must satisfy our warranty obligations to our customers. Our hardware products are also subject to warranty obligations and integrate a wide variety of components from different vendors. 
 
 Our products including software may not be error or defect free after delivery to customers, which could damage our reputation, cause revenue losses, result in the rejection of our products or services, divert development resources and increase service and warranty costs, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Risks Related to our Common Stock 
 
 Our stock price is volatile. 
 
 The stock market in general and the stock prices of technology-based companies, in particular, experience extreme volatility that often is unrelated to the operating performance of any specific public company. The market price of our common stock has fluctuated significantly in the past and is likely to fluctuate significantly in the future as well. Factors that could have a significant impact on the market price of our stock include, among others: 
 
 strategic transactions, such as acquisitions and divestures; 
 our ability to successfully integrate and manage recent acquisitions; 
 issuance of potentially dilutive equity or equity-type securities; 
 issuance of debt; 
 future announcements concerning us or our competitors; 
 receipt or non-receipt of substantial orders for products and services; 
 quality deficiencies in services or products; 
 results of technological innovations; 
 new commercial products; 
 changes in recommendations of securities analysts; 
 government regulations; 
 changes in the status or outcome of government audits; 
 proprietary rights or product or patent litigation; 
 changes in U.S. government policies; 
 changes in economic conditions generally, particularly in the telecommunications sector; 
 changes in securities market conditions, generally; 
 changes in the status of litigation and legal matters (including changes in the status of export matters); 
 cyber attacks; 
 energy blackouts; 
 acts of terrorism or war; 
 inflation or deflation; and 
 rumors or allegations regarding our financial disclosures or practices. 
 
 Shortfalls in our sales or earnings in any given period relative to the levels expected by securities analysts could immediately, significantly and adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 
 
 Future issuances of our shares of common stock could dilute a stockholder's ownership interest in Comtech and reduce the market price of our shares of common stock. 
 
 In addition to potential issuances of our shares of common stock associated with acquisitions, in the future, we may issue additional securities to raise capital. We may also acquire interests in other companies by using a combination of cash and our common stock or just our common stock. We may also issue securities convertible into our common stock. Any of these events may dilute a stockholder's ownership interest in Comtech and have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock. 

43 

Provisions in our corporate documents and Delaware law could delay or prevent a change in control of Comtech. 
 
 We have taken a number of actions that could have the effect of discouraging, delaying or preventing a merger, acquisition or divestiture involving Comtech that our stockholders may consider favorable. 
 
 For example, we currently have a classified board and the employment contract with our CEO, and agreements with other of our executive officers, provide for substantial payments in certain circumstances or in the event of a change of control of Comtech. In the future, we may adopt a stockholder rights plan which could cause substantial dilution to a stockholder, and substantially increase the cost paid by a stockholder who attempts to acquire us on terms not approved by our Board of Directors. 
 
 In addition, we are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, an anti-takeover law. In general, this statute provides that, except in certain limited circumstances, a corporation shall not engage in any "business combination" with an "interested stockholder" for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. 
 
 A "business combination" includes mergers, asset sales and other transactions resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. Subject to certain exceptions, for purposes of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, an "interested stockholder" is a person who, together with affiliates, owns, or within three years did own, 15 or more of the corporation's voting stock. This provision could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of Comtech. 
 
 A disruption in our Common Stock dividend program could negatively impact our stock price. 
 
 We have paid quarterly common stock dividends every quarter since September 2010. 
 
 Our ability to continue to pay quarterly dividends with respect to our Common Stock will depend on our ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations in the future and maintain compliance with our Credit Facility. This ability may be subject to certain economic, financial, competitive and other factors that are beyond our control. Future Common Stock dividends remain subject to compliance with financial covenants under our Credit Facility, as well as Board approval. Our Board of Directors may, at its discretion, decrease the targeted annual dividend amount or entirely discontinue the payment of dividends at any time. 
 
 Additionally, our ability to declare and pay common stock dividends and make other distributions with respect to our capital stock may also be restricted by the terms of our Credit Facility, and may be restricted by the terms of financing arrangements that we enter into in the future. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

44 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 Historically, we have not owned any material properties or facilities and have relied upon a strategy of leasing. The following table lists our primary leased facilities at July 31, 2021: 
 Location Property Type Square Footage Lease Expiration Commercial Solutions Segment Tempe, Arizona A Manufacturing and Engineering 152,000 March 2022 Chandler, Arizona A Manufacturing and Engineering 146,000 July 2036 Seattle, Washington B Network Operations, R D, Engineering and Sales 57,000 December 2022 Santa Clara, California C Manufacturing and Engineering 47,000 April 2026 Stoughton, Massachusetts D Network Operations 26,000 March 2025 Various facilities E Engineering and General Office 23,000 Various Lake Forest, California F R D and Engineering 18,000 July 2023 Gatineau, Canada G Network Operations, R D, Engineering, Sales and General Office 15,000 April 2023 Moscow, Idaho H Support, Engineering and Sales 13,000 February 2025 Annapolis, Maryland F Support, Engineering and Sales 11,000 July 2026 Germantown, Maryland I Engineering and General Office 6,000 March 2022 514,000 Government Solutions Segment Orlando, Florida J Manufacturing and Engineering 99,000 April 2026 Hampshire, UK K Manufacturing and Engineering 97,000 November 2030 Melville, New York L Manufacturing and Engineering 45,000 December 2031 Cypress, California F Support, Engineering and Sales 28,000 July 2025 Germantown, Maryland I Engineering and General Office 26,000 March 2022 Plano, Texas F R D and Engineering 12,000 August 2025 Various facilities M Support, Engineering and Sales 14,000 Various Annapolis, Maryland F Support, Engineering and Sales 6,000 July 2026 327,000 Corporate Annapolis, Maryland F General Office and Common Areas 2,000 July 2026 Melville, New York N Corporate Headquarters and General Office 9,600 August 2027 11,600 Total Square Footage 852,600 
 
 A. Although primarily used for our satellite earth station product lines, which are part of the Commercial Solutions segment, both of our business segments utilize, from time to time, our high-volume technology manufacturing facilities located in Tempe, Arizona. These manufacturing facilities utilize state-of-the-art design and production techniques, including analog, digital and RF microwave production, hardware assembly and full service engineering. Our leases for these facilities currently expire in March 2022. 
 
 To support our long-term business goals, in fiscal 2021, we commenced a 15-year lease for a new 146,000 square foot facility in Chandler, Arizona and began shifting production of our satellite earth station products from our existing Tempe, Arizona locations. 
 
 B. Our office in Seattle, Washington is used primarily for servicing and hosting our VoIP and VoWiFi E911 and NG-911 services, and related emerging technologies. 

45 

C. Our Commercial Solutions segment manufactures certain amplifiers in a leased manufacturing facility located in Santa Clara, California. Our Commercial Solutions segment also operates a small office in the United Kingdom with a lease that expires in October 2021. 
 
 D. Our Commercial Solutions segment maintains office space in Stoughton, Massachusetts used primarily for servicing certain of our state and local municipality NG-911 customers. 
 
 E. Our Commercial Solutions segment leases an additional nine facilities, one of which is located in the U.S. The 4,000 square foot U.S. facility is primarily utilized for general office use. Our Commercial Solutions segment also operates eight small offices in Brazil, Canada, China, India, Singapore, Australia and the United Kingdom, all of which aggregate 19,000 square feet and are primarily utilized for customer support, engineering and sales. 
 
 F. We have leases for facilities in Annapolis, Maryland and Lake Forest, California used primarily for the design and development of our software-based systems and applications and network operations. Major manufacturing and engineering facilities for our Government Solutions segment include Orlando, Florida, Cypress, California and Plano, Texas. 
 
 G. Our Commercial Solutions segment maintains office space in Gatineau, Canada that is utilized for network operations, R D, engineering and sales of our public safety and location technology solutions. 
 
 H. Our office in Moscow, Idaho is primarily used for research and development, engineering and sales of our satellite earth station products. 
 
 I. Our Government Solutions segment leases a 32,000 square foot facility located in Germantown, Maryland, which is primarily used to support the U.S. Army's BFT-1 sustainment activities and certain cyber training activities. Our Government Solutions segment occupies 26,000 square feet of the facility with the remainder utilized by our Commercial Solutions segment. 
 
 J. Our Government Solutions segment engineers and manufactures our over-the-horizon microwave systems and mission-critical satellite equipment in a leased facility in Orlando, Florida. 
 
 K. Our Government Solutions segment currently leases four manufacturing facilities in Hampshire, United Kingdom, three of which were assumed in connection with our acquisition of CGC in fiscal 2020. In fiscal 2021, we commenced a 10-year lease for a 56,000 square foot facility in the United Kingdom to expand our Government Solutions segment's manufacturing capabilities for our high precision full motion fixed and mobile X/Y satellite tracking antennas, RF feeds, reflectors and radomes. 
 
 L. Our Government Solutions segment manufactures certain of our solid-state, high-power amplifiers in a 45,000 square foot engineering and manufacturing facility on more than two acres of land in Melville, New York and an 8,000 square foot facility in Topsfield, Massachusetts. We lease the New York facility from a partnership controlled by our CEO and Chairman of the Board of Directors. Our Massachusetts lease is currently on a month-to-month basis and is therefore excluded from the table above. 
 
 M. Our Government Solutions segment also leases additional four facilities located in the U.S. that are primarily used for engineering, sales and software development. 
 
 N. Our corporate headquarters are located in an office building complex in Melville, New York. 
 
 The terms for all of our leased facilities are generally for multi-year periods and we believe that we will be able to renew these leases or find comparable facilities elsewhere. 
 
 46 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 Information regarding legal proceedings is incorporated herein by reference to the " Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note (12)(a) - Commitments and Contingencies Legal Proceedings and Other Matters " included in " Part II - Item 8.- Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, " included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Stock Performance Graph and Cumulative Total Return 
 
 The graph below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock with the cumulative total return on the S P s 500 Index and the NASDAQ Telecommunications Index for each of the last five fiscal years ended July 31, assuming an investment of 100 at the beginning of such period and the reinvestment of any dividends. The comparisons in the graphs below are based upon historical data and are not indicative of, nor intended to forecast, future performance of our common stock. 
 
 Our common stock trades on the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC ("NASDAQ") under the symbol "CMTL." 

47 

Dividends 
 
 Since September 2010, we have paid quarterly dividends. On September 29, 2020, December 9, 2020, March 11, 2021 and June 8, 2021, our Board of Directors declared a dividend of 0.10 per common share, which were paid on October 27, 2020, February 19, 2021, May 21, 2021 and August 20, 2021, respectively. 
 
 On October 4, 2021, our Board of Directors declared a dividend of 0.10 per common share, payable on November 12, 2021 to stockholders of record at the close of business on October 13, 2021. 
 
 The Board of Directors is currently targeting fiscal 2022 quarterly dividend payments of 0.10 per common share. 
 
 Future Common Stock dividends remain subject to compliance with financial covenants under our Credit Facility, as well as Board approval. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 None. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 
 We did not repurchase any of our equity securities during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021. On September 29, 2020, our Board of Directors authorized a new 100.0 million stock repurchase program, which replaced our prior program. The new 100.0 million stock repurchase program has no time restrictions and repurchases may be made from time to time in open-market or privately negotiated transactions, or by other means in accordance with federal securities laws. We had approximately 26.2 million of Common Stock outstanding as of July 31, 2021. 

Approximate Number of Equity Security Holders 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, there were approximately 801 holders of our common stock. Such number of record owners was determined from our stockholder records and does not include beneficial owners whose shares of our common stock are held in the name of various security holders, dealers and clearing agencies. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA 
 
 The following table shows selected historical consolidated financial data for our Company. 
 
 Detailed historical financial information is included in the audited consolidated financial statements for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019. 

48 

Fiscal Years Ended July 31, (In thousands, except per share amounts) 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Consolidated Statement of Operations Data: Net sales 581,695 616,715 671,797 570,589 550,368 Cost of sales 367,737 389,882 424,357 346,648 332,183 Gross profit 213,958 226,833 247,440 223,941 218,185 Expenses: Selling, general and administrative 111,796 117,130 128,639 113,922 116,080 Research and development 49,148 52,180 56,407 53,869 54,260 Amortization of intangibles 21,020 21,595 18,320 21,075 22,823 Settlement of intellectual property litigation (3,204) (12,020) Acquisition plan expenses 100,292 20,754 5,871 282,256 211,659 206,033 188,866 181,143 Operating (loss) income (68,298) 15,174 41,407 35,075 37,042 Other expenses (income): Interest expense 6,821 6,054 9,245 10,195 11,629 Write-off of deferred financing costs 3,217 Interest (income) and other (139) (190) 35 254 (68) (Loss) income before (benefit from) provision for income taxes (74,980) 9,310 28,910 24,626 25,481 (Benefit from) provision for income taxes (1,500) 2,290 3,869 (5,143) 9,654 Net (loss) income (73,480) 7,020 25,041 29,769 15,827 Net (loss) income per share: Basic (2.86) 0.28 1.04 1.25 0.68 Diluted (2.86) 0.28 1.03 1.24 0.67 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding basic 
 25,685 24,798 24,124 23,825 23,433 Weighted average number of common and common equivalent shares outstanding diluted 
 25,685 24,899 24,302 24,040 23,489 
 Fiscal Years Ended July 31, (In thousands) 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Other Consolidated Operating Data: Backlog at period-end 658,896 620,912 682,954 630,695 446,230 New orders 623,076 584,448 724,056 755,054 512,593 Research and development expenditures - internal and customer funded 
 62,783 64,103 71,086 70,793 81,310 Adjusted EBITDA 76,519 77,803 93,472 78,374 70,705 
 
 49 

As of July 31, (In thousands) 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Consolidated Balance Sheet Data: Total assets 993,111 929,647 887,711 845,157 832,063 Working capital 83,935 117,385 134,967 114,477 96,833 Debt, including finance leases and other obligations 201,000 149,500 165,757 167,899 195,802 Other liabilities 14,507 17,831 18,822 4,117 2,655 Stockholders equity 500,719 549,299 535,082 505,684 480,150 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Data 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains a Non-GAAP financial metric for the Company titled Adjusted EBITDA, which represents earnings (loss) before income taxes, interest (income) and other expense, write-off of deferred financing costs, interest expense, amortization of stock-based compensation, amortization of intangibles, depreciation expense, estimated contract settlement costs, settlement of intellectual property litigation, acquisition plan expenses, restructuring costs, COVID-19 related costs, strategic emerging technology costs (for next-generation satellite technology), facility exit costs, strategic alternatives analysis expenses and other. In future periods, we expect to incur expenses similar to the aforementioned items and investors should not infer from our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA that these costs are unusual, infrequent or non-recurring. These items, while periodically affecting our results, may vary significantly from period to period and may have a disproportionate effect in a given period, thereby affecting the comparability of results. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA is a Non-GAAP financial measure used by management in assessing Comtech s operating results. Although closely aligned, Comtech's definition of Adjusted EBITDA is different than the Consolidated EBITDA (as such term is defined in our Credit Facility) utilized for financial covenant calculations and also may differ from the definition of EBITDA or Adjusted EBITDA used by other companies and therefore, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. Our Adjusted EBITDA is also a measure frequently requested by Comtech s investors and analysts. We believe that investors and analysts may use Adjusted EBITDA, along with other information contained in our SEC filings, in assessing our performance and comparability of our results with other companies. 
 
 Non-GAAP financial measures have limitations as an analytical tool as they exclude the financial impact of transactions necessary to conduct our business, such as the granting of equity compensation awards, and are not intended to be an alternative to financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. Non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for or superior to, financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP. Investors are advised to carefully review the GAAP financial results that are disclosed in our SEC filings. 

50 

The following is a reconciliation of net income (loss), the most comparable GAAP measure, to Adjusted EBITDA: 
 Fiscal Years Ended July 31, (In thousands) 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Adjusted EBITDA: Net (loss) income (73,480) 7,020 25,041 29,769 15,827 (Benefit from) provision for income taxes (1,500) 2,290 3,869 (5,143) 9,654 Interest (income) and other (139) (190) 35 254 (68) Write-off of deferred financing costs 3,217 Interest expense 6,821 6,054 9,245 10,195 11,629 Amortization of stock-based compensation 9,983 9,275 11,427 8,569 8,506 Amortization of intangibles 21,020 21,595 18,320 21,075 22,823 Depreciation 9,379 10,561 11,927 13,655 14,354 Estimated contract settlement costs 444 6,351 Settlement of intellectual property litigation (3,204) (12,020) Acquisition plan expenses 100,292 20,754 5,871 Facility exit costs 1,373 Restructuring costs 2,782 Strategic emerging technology costs 315 COVID-19 related costs 1,046 Adjusted EBITDA 76,519 77,803 93,472 78,374 70,705 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 
 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Overview 
 
 We are a leading global provider of next-generation 911 emergency systems and secure wireless communications technologies to commercial and government customers around the world. Our solutions fulfill our customers' needs for secure wireless communications in some of the most demanding environments, including those where traditional communications are unavailable or cost-prohibitive, and in mission-critical and other scenarios where performance is crucial. 
 
 We manage our business through two reportable operating segments: 
 
 Commercial Solutions - offers satellite ground station technologies (such as Single Channel per Carrier ("SCPC") and time division multiple access ("TDMA") modems and amplifiers) and public safety and location technologies (such as 911 call routing, 911 call handling and mapping solutions) to commercial customers and smaller government customers, such as state and local governments. This segment also serves certain large government customers (including the U.S. government) that have requirements for off-the-shelf commercial equipment. 
 
 Government Solutions - provides tactical satellite-based networks and ongoing support for complicated communications networks, troposcatter systems and solid-state, high-power amplifiers to large government end-users (including those of foreign countries), large international customers and domestic prime contractors. 
 
 51 

Our Quarterly Financial Information 
 Quarterly and period-to-period sales and operating results may be significantly affected by either short-term or long-term contracts with our customers. In addition, our gross profit is affected by a variety of factors, including the mix of products, systems and services sold, production efficiencies, estimates of warranty expense, price competition and general economic conditions. Our gross profit may also be affected by the impact of any cumulative adjustments to contracts that are accounted for over time. 
 
 Our contracts with the U.S. government can be terminated for convenience by it at any time and orders are subject to unpredictable funding, deployment and technology decisions by the U.S. government. Some of these contracts are indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity ("IDIQ") contracts and, as such, the U.S. government is not obligated to purchase any equipment or services under these contracts. We have, in the past, experienced and we continue to expect significant fluctuations in sales and operating results from quarter-to-quarter and period-to-period. As such, comparisons between periods and our current results may not be indicative of a trend or future performance. 

Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 We consider certain accounting policies to be critical due to the estimation process involved in each. 
 
 Revenue Recognition. In accordance with FASB ASC 606 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers ("ASC 606"), we record revenue in an amount that reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for goods or services promised to customers. Under ASC 606, we follow a five-step model to: (1) identify the contract with our customer; (2) identify our performance obligations in our contract; (3) determine the transaction price for our contract; (4) allocate the transaction price to our performance obligations; and (5) recognize revenue using one of the following two methods: 
 
 Over time - We recognize revenue using the over time method when there is a continuous transfer of control to the customer over the contractual period of performance. This generally occurs when we enter into a long-term contract relating to the design, development or manufacture of complex equipment or technology platforms to a buyer s specification (or to provide services related to the performance of such contracts). Continuous transfer of control is typically supported by contract clauses which allow our customers to unilaterally terminate a contract for convenience, pay for costs incurred plus a reasonable profit and take control of work-in-process. Revenue recognized over time is generally based on the extent of progress toward completion of the related performance obligations. The selection of the method to measure progress requires judgment and is based on the nature of the products or services provided. In certain instances, typically for firm fixed-price contracts, we use the cost-to-cost measure because it best depicts the transfer of control to the customer which occurs as we incur costs on our contracts. Under the cost-to-cost measure, the extent of progress toward completion is measured based on the ratio of costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs at completion, including warranty costs. Revenues, including estimated fees or profits, are recorded proportionally as costs are incurred. Costs to fulfill generally include direct labor, materials, subcontractor costs, other direct costs and an allocation of indirect costs. When these contracts are modified, the additional goods or services are generally not distinct from those already provided. As a result, these modifications form part of an existing contract and we must update the transaction price and our measure of progress for the single performance obligation and recognize a cumulative catch-up to revenue and gross profits. 
 
 For over time contracts using a cost-to-cost measure of progress, we have an estimate at completion ("EAC") process in which management reviews the progress and execution of our performance obligations. This EAC process requires management judgment relative to assessing risks, estimating contract revenue and costs, and making assumptions for schedule and technical issues. Since certain contracts extend over a long period of time, the impact of revisions in revenue and or cost estimates during the progress of work may impact current period earnings through a cumulative adjustment. Additionally, if the EAC process indicates a loss, a provision is made for the total anticipated loss in the period that it becomes evident. Contract revenue and cost estimates for significant contracts are generally reviewed and reassessed at least quarterly. 
 
 The cost-to-cost method is principally used to account for contracts in our Government Solutions segment and, to a lesser extent, certain location-based and messaging infrastructure contracts in our public safety and location technologies product line within our Commercial Solutions segment. For service-based contracts in our public safety and location technologies product line, we also recognize revenue over time. These services are typically recognized as a series of services performed over the contract term using the straight-line method, or based on our customers actual usage of the networks and platforms which we provide. 

52 

Point in time - When a performance obligation is not satisfied over time, we must record revenue using the point in time accounting method which generally results in revenue being recognized upon shipment or delivery of a promised good or service to a customer. This generally occurs when we enter into short term contracts or purchase orders where items are provided to customers with relatively quick turn-around times. Modifications to such contracts and or purchase orders, which typically provide for additional quantities or services, are accounted for as a new contract because the pricing for these additional quantities or services are based on standalone selling prices. 
 
 Point in time accounting is principally applied to contracts in our satellite ground station technologies product line (which includes satellite modems, solid-state and traveling wave tube amplifiers) and certain contracts for our solid-state, high-power RF amplifiers in our Government Solutions segment. The contracts related to these product lines do not meet the requirements for over time revenue recognition because our customers cannot utilize the equipment for its intended purpose during any phase of our manufacturing process; customers do not simultaneously receive and or consume the benefits provided by our performance; customers do not control the asset (i.e., prior to delivery, customers cannot direct the use of the asset, sell or exchange the equipment, etc.); and, although many of our contracts have termination for convenience clauses and or an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date, our performance creates an asset with an alternative use through the point of delivery. 
 
 In determining that our equipment has alternative use, we considered the underlying manufacturing process for our products. In the early phases of manufacturing, raw materials and work in process (including subassemblies) consist of common parts that are highly fungible among many different types of products and customer applications. Finished products are either configured to our standard configuration or based on our customers specifications. Finished products, whether built to our standard specification or to a customers specification, can be sold to a variety of customers and across many different end use applications with minimal rework, if needed, and without incurring a significant economic loss. 
 
 When identifying a contract with our customer, we consider when it has approval and commitment from both parties, if the rights of the parties are identified, if the payment terms are identified, if it has commercial substance and if collectability is probable. 
 
 When identifying performance obligations, we consider whether there are multiple promises and how to account for them. In our contracts, multiple promises are separated if they are distinct, both individually and in the context of the contract. If multiple promises in a contract are highly interrelated or comprise a series of distinct services performed over time, they are combined into a single performance obligation. In some cases, we may also provide the customer with an additional service-type warranty, which we recognize as a separate performance obligation. Service-type warranties do not represent a significant portion of our consolidated net sales. When service-type warranties represent a separate performance obligation, the revenue is deferred and recognized ratably over the extended warranty period. Our contracts, from time-to-time, may also include options for additional goods and services. To date, these options have not represented material rights to the customer as the pricing for them reflects standalone selling prices. As a result, we do not consider options we offer to be performance obligations for which we must allocate a portion of the transaction price. In many cases, we provide assurance-type warranty coverage for some of our products for a period of at least one year from the date of delivery. 
 
 When identifying the transaction price, we typically utilize the contract's stated price as a starting point. The transaction price in certain arrangements may include estimated amounts of variable consideration, including award fees, incentive fees or other provisions that can either increase or decrease the transaction price. We estimate variable consideration as the amount to which we expect to be entitled, and we include estimated amounts in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the estimation uncertainty is resolved. The estimation of this variable consideration and determination of whether to include estimated amounts in the transaction price are based largely on an assessment of our anticipated performance and all information (e.g., historical, current and forecasted) that is reasonably available to us. 
 
 When allocating the contract s transaction price, we consider each distinct performance obligation. For contracts with multiple performance obligations, we allocate the contract s transaction price to each performance obligation using our best estimate of the standalone selling price of each distinct good or service in the contract. We determine standalone selling price based on the price at which the performance obligation is sold separately. If the standalone selling price is not observable through past transactions, we estimate the standalone selling price taking into account available information such as market conditions, including geographic or regional specific factors, competitive positioning, internal costs, profit objectives and internally approved pricing guidelines related to the performance obligations. 

53 

Most of our contracts with customers are denominated in U.S. dollars and typically are either firm fixed-price or cost reimbursable type contracts (including fixed-fee, incentive-fee and time-and-material type contracts). In almost all of our contracts with customers, we are the principal in the arrangement and report revenue on a gross basis. Transaction prices for contracts with U.S. domestic and international customers are usually based on specific negotiations with each customer and in the case of the U.S. government, sometimes based on estimated or actual costs of providing the goods or services in accordance with applicable regulations. 
 
 The timing of revenue recognition, billings and collections results in receivables, unbilled receivables and contract liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. Under typical payment terms for our contracts accounted for over time, amounts are billed as work progresses in accordance with agreed-upon contractual terms, either at periodic intervals (e.g., monthly) or upon achievement of contractual milestones. For certain contracts with provisions that are intended to protect customers in the event we do not satisfy our performance obligations, billings occur subsequent to revenue recognition, resulting in unbilled receivables. Under ASC 606, unbilled receivables constitute contract assets. On large long term contracts, and for contracts with international customers that do not do business with us regularly, payment terms typically require advanced payments and deposits. Under ASC 606, payments received from customers in excess of revenue recognized to date results in a contract liability. These contract liabilities are not considered to represent a significant financing component of the contract because we believe these cash advances and deposits are generally used to meet working capital demands which can be higher in the earlier stages of a contract. Also, advanced payments and deposits provide us with some measure of assurance that the customer will perform on its obligations under the contract. Under the typical payment terms for our contracts accounted for at a point in time, costs are accumulated in inventory until the time of billing, which generally coincides with revenue recognition. 
 
 We recognize the incremental costs to obtain or fulfill a contract as an expense when incurred if the amortization period of the asset is one year or less. Incremental costs to obtain or fulfill contracts with an amortization period greater than one year were not material. 
 
 As commissions payable to our internal sales and marketing employees or contractors are contingent upon multiple factors, such commissions are not considered direct costs to obtain or fulfill a contract with a customer and are expensed as incurred in selling, general and administrative expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. As for commissions payable to our third-party sales representatives related to long-term contracts, we do consider these types of commissions both direct and incremental costs to obtain and fulfill such contracts. Therefore, such types of commissions are included in total estimated costs at completion for such contracts and expensed over time through cost of sales on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Remaining performance obligations represent the transaction price of firm orders for which work has not been performed as of the end of a fiscal period. Remaining performance obligations, which we refer to as backlog, exclude unexercised contract options and potential orders under indefinite delivery / indefinite quantity ("IDIQ") contracts. 
 
 Impairment of Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets . As of July 31, 2021, total goodwill recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheet aggregated 347.7 million (of which 270.4 million relates to our Commercial Solutions segment and 77.3 million relates to our Government Solutions segment). Additionally, as of July 31, 2021, net intangibles recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheet aggregated 268.7 million (of which 222.6 million relates to our Commercial Solutions segment and 46.1 million relates to our Government Solutions segment). Each of our two operating segments constitutes a reporting unit and we must make various assumptions in determining their estimated fair values. 
 
 In accordance with FASB ASC 350, we perform a goodwill impairment analysis at least annually (in the first quarter of each fiscal year), unless indicators of impairment exist in interim periods. If we fail the quantitative assessment of goodwill impairment ("quantitative assessment"), we would be required to recognize an impairment loss equal to the amount that a reporting unit's carrying value exceeded its fair value; however, any loss recognized should not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. 
 
 On August 1, 2021 (the first day of our fiscal 2022), we performed our annual quantitative assessment using market participant assumptions to determine if the fair value of each of our reporting units with goodwill exceeded its carrying value. In making this assessment, we considered, among other things, expectations of projected net sales and cash flows, assumptions impacting the weighted average cost of capital, trends in trading multiples of comparable companies, changes in our stock price and changes in the carrying values of our reporting units with goodwill. We also considered overall business conditions. 

54 

In performing the quantitative assessment, we estimated the fair value of each of our reporting units using a combination of the income and market approaches. The income approach, also known as the discounted cash flow ("DCF") method, utilizes the present value of cash flows to estimate fair value. The future cash flows for our reporting units were projected based on our estimates, at that time, of future revenues, operating income and other factors (such as working capital and capital expenditures). For purposes of conducting our impairment analysis, we assumed revenue growth rates and cash flow projections that are below our actual long-term expectations. The discount rates used in our DCF method were based on a weighted-average cost of capital ("WACC") determined from relevant market comparisons, adjusted upward for specific reporting unit risks (primarily the uncertainty of achieving projected operating cash flows). A terminal value growth rate was applied to the final year of the projected period, which reflects our estimate of stable, perpetual growth. We then calculated a present value of the respective cash flows for each reporting unit to arrive at an estimate of fair value under the income approach. Under the market approach, we estimated a fair value based on comparable companies' market multiples of revenues and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and factored in a control premium. Finally, we compared our estimates of fair values to our August 1, 2021 total public market capitalization and assessed implied control premiums based on our common stock price of 24.97 as of August 1, 2021. 
 
 Based on our quantitative evaluation, we determined that our Commercial Solutions and Government Solutions reporting units had estimated fair values in excess of their carrying values of at least 22.7 and 94.1 , respectively, and concluded that our goodwill was not impaired and that neither of our two reporting units was at risk of failing the quantitative assessment. 
 
 It is possible that, during fiscal 2022 or beyond, business conditions (both in the U.S. and internationally) could deteriorate from the current state, our current or prospective customers could materially postpone, reduce or even forgo purchases of our products and services to a greater extent than we currently anticipate, or our common stock price could fluctuate. Such fluctuation could be caused by uncertainty about the severity and length of the COVID-19 pandemic, and its impact on global activity. 
 
 A significant decline in our customers' spending that is greater than we anticipate or a shift in funding priorities may also have a negative effect on future orders, sales, income and cash flows and we might be required to perform a quantitative assessment during fiscal 2022 or beyond. If assumed net sales and cash flow projections are not achieved in future periods or our common stock price significantly declines from current levels, our Commercial Solutions and Government Solutions reporting units could be at risk of failing the quantitative assessment and goodwill and intangibles assigned to the respective reporting units could be impaired. 
 
 In any event, we are required to perform the next annual goodwill impairment analysis on August 1, 2022 (the start of our fiscal 2023). If our assumptions and related estimates change in the future, or if we change our reporting unit structure or other events and circumstances change (e.g., a sustained decrease in the price of our common stock (considered on both absolute terms and relative to peers)), we may be required to record impairment charges when we perform these tests, or in other future periods. In addition to our impairment analysis of goodwill, we also review net intangible assets with finite lives when an event occurs indicating the potential for impairment. We believe that the carrying values of our net intangible assets were recoverable as of July 31, 2021. Any impairment charges that we may record in the future could be material to our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Provision for Warranty Obligations. We provide warranty coverage for most of our products, including products under long-term contracts, for a period of at least one year from the date of shipment. We record a liability for estimated warranty expense based on historical claims, product failure rates and other factors. Costs associated with some of our warranties that are provided under long-term contracts are incorporated into our estimates of total contract costs. There exist inherent risks and uncertainties in estimating warranty expenses, particularly on larger or longer-term contracts. If we do not accurately estimate our warranty costs, any changes to our original estimates could be material to our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Accounting for Income Taxes. Our deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and applying enacted tax rates expected to be in effect for the year in which we expect the differences to reverse. Our provision for income taxes is based on domestic (including federal and state) and international statutory income tax rates in the tax jurisdictions where we operate, permanent differences between financial reporting and tax reporting and available credits and incentives. We recognize potential interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. The U.S. federal government is our most significant income tax jurisdiction. 

55 

Significant judgment is required in determining income tax provisions and tax positions. We may be challenged upon review by the applicable taxing authority and positions taken by us may not be sustained. We recognize all or a portion of the benefit of income tax positions only when we have made a determination that it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination, based upon the technical merits of the position and other factors. For tax positions that are determined as more likely than not to be sustained upon examination, the tax benefit recognized is the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. The development of valuation allowances for deferred tax assets and reserves for income tax positions requires consideration of timing and judgments about future taxable income, tax issues and potential outcomes, and are subjective critical estimates. A portion of our deferred tax assets consist of federal research and experimentation tax credit carryforwards, some of which was acquired in connection with our acquisition of TCS. No valuation allowance has been established on these deferred tax assets based on our evaluation that our ability to realize such assets has met the criteria of "more likely than not." We continuously evaluate additional facts representing positive and negative evidence in determining our ability to realize these deferred tax assets. In certain circumstances, the ultimate outcome of exposures and risks involves significant uncertainties. If actual outcomes differ materially from these estimates, they could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our U.S. federal income tax returns for fiscal 2018 through 2020 are subject to potential future Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") audit. None of our state income tax returns prior to fiscal 2017 are subject to audit. Future tax assessments or settlements could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Research and Development Costs. We generally expense all research and development costs. Research and development expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expense, and other personnel-related expenses associated with product development. Research and development expenses also include third-party development and programming costs. Costs incurred internally in researching and developing software to be sold are charged to expense until technological feasibility has been established for the software. Judgment is required in determining when technological feasibility of a product is established. Technological feasibility for our advanced communication software solutions is generally reached after all high-risk development issues have been resolved through coding and testing. Generally, this occurs shortly before the products are released to customers and when we are able to validate the marketability of such product. Once technological feasibility is established, all software costs are capitalized until the product is available for general release to customers. To date, capitalized internally developed software costs were not material. 
 
 Provisions for Excess and Obsolete Inventory. We record a provision for excess and obsolete inventory based on historical and projected usage trends. Other factors may also influence our provision, including decisions to exit a product line, technological change and new product development. These factors could result in a change in the amount of excess and obsolete inventory on hand. Additionally, our estimates of future product demand may prove to be inaccurate, in which case we may have understated or overstated the provision required for excess and obsolete inventory. In the future, if we determine that our inventory was overvalued, we would be required to recognize such costs in our financial statements at the time of such determination. Any such charge could be material to our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts. We perform credit evaluations of our customers and adjust credit limits based upon customer payment history and current creditworthiness, as determined by our review of our customers current credit information. Generally, we will require cash in advance or payment secured by irrevocable letters of credit before an order is accepted from an international customer that we do not do business with regularly. In addition, we seek to obtain insurance for certain domestic and international customers. 
 
 We monitor collections and payments from our customers and maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon our historical experience and any specific customer collection issues that we have identified. In light of ongoing tight credit market conditions, we continue to see requests from our customers for higher credit limits and longer payment terms. Because of our strong cash position and the nominal amount of interest we are earning on our cash and cash equivalents, we have, on a limited basis, approved certain customer requests. We continue to monitor our accounts receivable credit portfolio. To-date, there has been no material changes in our credit portfolio as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic on worldwide business activities. 
 
 Although our overall credit losses have historically been within the allowances we established, we cannot accurately predict our future credit loss experience, given the current poor business environment. Measurement of credit losses requires consideration of historical loss experience, including the need to adjust for changing business conditions, and judgments about the probable effects of relevant observable data, including present economic conditions such as delinquency rates and the financial health of specific customers. Future changes to the estimated allowance for doubtful accounts could be material to our results of operations and financial condition. 

56 

Results of Operations 
 
 The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, certain income and expense items expressed as a percentage of our consolidated net sales: 
 Fiscal Years Ended July 31, 2021 2020 2019 Gross margin 36.8 36.8 36.8 Selling, general and administrative expenses 19.2 19.0 19.1 Research and development expenses 8.4 8.5 8.4 Settlement of intellectual property litigation (0.5) Acquisition plan expenses 17.2 3.4 0.9 Amortization of intangibles 3.6 3.5 2.7 Operating (loss) income (11.7) 2.5 6.2 Interest expense (income) and other 1.2 1.0 1.4 Write-off of deferred financing costs 0.5 (Loss) income before (benefit from) provision for income taxes (12.9) 1.5 4.3 Net (loss) income (12.6) 1.1 3.7 Adjusted EBITDA (a Non-GAAP measure) 13.2 12.6 13.9 
 
 For a definition and explanation of Adjusted EBITDA, see " Item 6. Selected Consolidated Financial Data - Non-GAAP Financial Data" and " Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Comparison of Fiscal 2021 and 2020 - Adjusted EBITDA." 

57 

Impact of COVID-19 and Business Outlook for Fiscal 2022 
 
 For the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021, we achieved solid operating performance and generated consolidated: 
 
 Net sales of 581.7 million; 
 
 GAAP operating loss of 68.3 million and GAAP net loss of 73.5 million (including 70.0 million paid in cash to Gilat in October 2020); 
 
 Non-GAAP operating income of 36.1 million and Non-GAAP net income of 22.4 million. These Non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures in the table included in the below section " Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Comparison of Fiscal 2021 and 2020 ;" 
 
 GAAP net cash used in operating activities of 40.6 million (including the aforementioned 70.0 million Gilat payment); and 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA (a Non-GAAP financial measure discussed below) of 76.5 million. 
 
 As of July 31, 2021, our cash and cash equivalents were 30.9 million and our total debt outstanding was 201.0 million. 
 
 We achieved a fiscal 2021 consolidated book-to-bill ratio (a measure defined as bookings divided by net sales) of 1.07 and ended the year with consolidated backlog of 658.9 million, which represent substantial improvements as compared to our fiscal 2020. During fiscal 2021, we were awarded several multi-year contracts to deploy and operate next generation 911 ("NG-911") services for the states of Arizona, Iowa, Pennsylvania and South Carolina, collectively valued over 200.0 million. In addition, in connection with a multi-year contract award, we received an initial 13.0 million order from a large new customer to customize our next-generation broadband satellite technology that can be used with the thousands of Low Earth Orbit LEO satellites reportedly being launched over the next several years. Our backlog (sometimes referred to herein as orders or bookings) are more fully defined in " Part I - Item 1. Business " included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the total value of multi-year contracts that we have received is substantially higher than our reported backlog. When adding our backlog and the total unfunded value of multi-year contracts that we have received and for which we expect future orders, our revenue visibility approximates 1.1 billion, excluding potential future orders from this large new customer that could amount to hundreds of millions of dollars. 
 
 With COVID-19 continuing to impact global markets and supply chains, reliable forecasting remains challenging. Against that background, Comtech is targeting to achieve fiscal 2022 net sales within a range of 580.0 million to 600.0 million and Adjusted EBITDA between 70.0 million and 76.0 million. These targets reflect the strength of our backlog and a strong sales pipeline, offset by the lingering impacts of COVID-19, timing considerations associated with tightening global supply chain constraints and start-up costs associated with the opening of two new high-volume technology manufacturing facilities. In addition, our fiscal 2022 financial targets reflect the impact of the recently completed withdrawal of U.S. troops from Afghanistan and other U.S. government program changes. 
 
 Our consolidated net sales in fiscal 2022 are anticipated to reflect a higher percentage of total Commercial Solutions segment sales due to strong demand for our public safety and location technology solutions, including work on our recent contracts to design, deploy and operate NG-911 services for the states of South Carolina and Pennsylvania, and a higher level of annual sales in our satellite earth station product line as compared to fiscal 2021, including incremental contributions from our recently acquired TDMA modem technologies. In addition, our consolidated net sales in fiscal 2022 are anticipated to reflect strong demand for: (i) high reliability Electrical, Electronic and Electromechanical EEE satellite-based space components and X/Y steerable antennas; (ii) ongoing sustainment services to the U.S. Army for the AN/TSC-198A SNAP terminal; (iii) Joint Cyber Analysis Course JCAC training solutions; and (iv) sustainment services for the U.S. Army s Project Manager Mission Command PM MC Blue Force Tracking BFT-1 program. Also, we expect additional orders for the newly introduced Comtech COMET TM , the world s smallest deployable troposcatter terminal, and our next generation troposcatter system used by the U.S. Marine Corps. 

58 

Our GAAP operating income in fiscal 2022 will be impacted by both start-up manufacturing expenses and restructuring costs associated with the opening of our two new high-volume technology manufacturing centers, as well as COVID-19 related costs. Global supply chain issues make the amount and timing of these expenses difficult to predict. In addition, GAAP operating income in fiscal 2022 is likely to be impacted by greater than normal proxy solicitation related costs, as well as expenses associated with the appointment of a new CEO, as further discussed below. Because the amount and timing of these costs remain largely unpredictable, we are not providing GAAP operating income, GAAP net income or any GAAP EPS guidance or a reconciliation of our projected results to the most comparable GAAP measure, as such a reconciliation cannot be prepared without unreasonable effort. For the same reasons, we are unable to address the probable significance of the unavailable information, which could be material to future results. 
 
 On October 4, 2021, we announced that our Board of Directors has appointed Michael D. Porcelain, our President and Chief Operating Officer, to be Chief Executive Officer, taking over from Fred Kornberg after a short transition period. The change of leadership is expected to occur by the end of calendar 2021, at which point Mr. Porcelain will also join our Board of Directors and continue as President. Mr. Kornberg will serve as non-executive Chairman of the Board and is expect to take on a technology advisory role. Costs associated with this leadership transition will be announced once they are finalized. 
 
 On October 4, 2021, our Board of Directors declared a dividend of 0.10 per common share, payable on November 12, 2021 to stockholders of record at the close of business on October 13, 2021. Future Common Stock dividends remain subject to compliance with financial covenants under our Credit Facility, as well as Board approval. 
 
 Additional information related to our Business Outlook for Fiscal 2022 and a definition and explanation of Adjusted EBITDA is included in the below section "Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Comparison of Fiscal 2021 and 2020." 

Comparison of Fiscal 2021 and 2020 
 
 Net Sales. Consolidated net sales were 581.7 million and 616.7 million for fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively, representing a decrease of 35.0 million, or 5.7 . The period-over-period decrease in net sales reflects lower net sales in our Government Solutions segment, partially offset by higher net sales in our Commercial Solutions segment. Net sales by operating segment are discussed below. 
 
 Commercial Solutions 
 Net sales in our Commercial Solutions segment were 360.1 million for fiscal 2021, as compared to 353.7 million for fiscal 2020, an increase of 6.4 million, or 1.8 . Our Commercial Solutions segment represented 61.9 of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2021 as compared to 57.4 for fiscal 2020. Our book-to-bill ratio (a measure defined as bookings divided by net sales) for this segment was 1.23. Period-to-period fluctuations in bookings are normal for this segment. As further discussed below, long-term demand for our Commercial Solutions segment's products and technologies appears strong and we believe fiscal 2022 net sales for this segment will be higher than the amount we achieved in fiscal 2021. 
 
 Net sales of our satellite ground station technologies for fiscal 2021 were higher than fiscal 2020. Fiscal 2021 benefited from a nominal amount of sales related to our acquisition of UHP Networks Inc. ("UHP") on March 2, 2021, which extended our product offerings to include TDMA satellite modems. We believe UHP developed revolutionary technology, which has the potential to transform the growing Very Small Aperture Terminal ("VSAT") market, as demand for high-speed satellite-based networks are projected to grow significantly. As a result of the acquisition, we believe we are well positioned for long-term growth in this market. 
 
 While our satellite ground station product line continues to be impacted by COVID-19's effect on customer demand, particularly in international markets, which historically represents a large majority of end-users for this product line, we benefited during fiscal 2021 from a number of awards, including: (i) 11.4 million in delivery orders from the U.S. Naval Information Warfare Systems Command for our latest generation SLM-5650B satellite modems and firmware; (ii) multiple contracts aggregating 6.3 million for 500W Ka-band traveling wave tube amplifiers ("TWTAs") for both military and commercial high throughput satellite systems; (iii) multiple contracts aggregating 3.6 million from a U.S. system integrator for X-band solid-state power amplifiers ("SSPAs") and block up converters for transportable satellite communication terminals; (iv) a contract valued at more than 3.0 million for QV-band TWTAs to support a new high-speed satellite network; (v) an order valued at more than 2.0 million for state-of-the-art 500W Ka-band high power amplifiers supporting a leading high throughput satellite customer; and (vi) a 2.0 million order for rugged Ka-band high power TWTAs for a U.S. military communications system, among others. 

59 

We expect sales of our satellite earth station products in fiscal 2022 to grow as compared to fiscal 2021 due to increased demand. This product line will also benefit from a full twelve months of sales of our new TDMA satellite network platform that we acquired in March 2021. At the same time, recent spikes in COVID-19 infection rates have curtailed travel and business in many parts of the world. In addition, global supply chain constraints have become more prevalent in recent months, with lead times for certain parts extending meaningfully. We believe these issues are suppressing orders from many of our satellite earth station product line customers and impacting the timing of deliveries and installations. Although we are closely monitoring our inventory needs and supplier base, these constraints represent a significant performance headwind as we enter fiscal 2022. 
 
 Net sales in fiscal 2021 of our public safety and location technology solutions were slightly higher than fiscal 2020, reflecting increased sales of our NG-911 services and location-based technology solutions, offset in part by the absence of 911 wireless call routing sales to AT T. 
 
 During fiscal 2021, we were awarded several important statewide NG-911 contracts and our strong momentum was acknowledged by Frost Sullivan, who recognized Comtech for registering the most significant year-over-year market share increase among all NG-911 primary contract holders, growing our market share from an estimated 17.3 in 2019 to 26.2 in 2020, as calculated by Frost Sullivan. 
 
 During fiscal 2021, we were awarded and began work on a statewide contract valued at up to 175.1 million to design, deploy, and operate NG-911 services for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. The total contract value includes multi-year contract extension options and was initially funded at 137.4 million, of which 111.6 million was booked in fiscal 2021. This contract was awarded to us shortly after we announced the receipt of a 54.0 million contract to design, deploy and operate NG-911 services for the State of South Carolina, for which we received over 7.5 million of additional funding in fiscal 2021. In addition to these contracts, we were awarded a multi-year statewide contract valued at 35.8 million to design, deploy and operate NG-911 services for the State of Arizona, which includes a multi-year extension option. Excluding such option, the contract is valued at 23.5 million. Also, in fiscal 2021, we were awarded a statewide contract to provide NG-911 services for the State of Iowa. This multi-year contract includes contract extension options, is valued up to 48.5 million and was initially funded 23.0 million. Lastly, although not yet funded, we have also been notified that we were selected as the winner of a multi-year NG-911 contract for the State of Ohio. We anticipate that such contract will be initially funded in fiscal 2022. 
 
 Other notable orders received for our public safety and location technology solutions during fiscal 2021 include: (i) a 9.8 million contract with a major tier-one mobile network operator ("MNO") for a broad suite of new capabilities and services centered around virtualized applications and 5G products; (ii) a 7.1 million contract for the deployment of a cellular-based Wireless Emergency Alerts ("WEA") solution with a tier-one MNO, which was our first major award for a WEA solution; (iii) a 5.0 million NG-911 modernization project for a U.S. government end customer; (iv) a contract valued at up to 4.7 million with a channel partner to supply new releases to messaging application software for a U.S. tier-one MNO; (v) a contract renewal worth 4.2 million for location and mapping technologies for a tier-one MNO; (vi) a 4.0 million maintenance agreement with a channel partner to continue providing messaging application support for a U.S. tier-one MNO; (vii) orders exceeding 3.8 million with a tier-one MNO for additional capabilities related to our Virtual Mobility Location Center platform; and (viii) multiple contracts valued over 6.5 million to provide NG-911 services, including our Solacom Guardian Intelligent 911 Workstations, to various police and fire rescue services in Canada, among others. 
 
 We are continuing to work on other opportunities and believe there is strong interest in our public safety and location technology solutions. To-date, the business impact of COVID-19 on our public safety and location technology solutions has been relatively muted and long-term demand for our products and services appears strong. Although COVID-19 has resulted in the cancellation of some key public safety trade shows and some states and municipalities have announced budget constraints, we believe that other potential customers are increasing their funding for NG-911 solutions, recognizing the critical importance of upgrading their 911 systems. Although public safety and location technology solutions have long sales cycles and are subject to difficult-to-predict changes in the overall procurement strategies of wireless carrier customers, we believe that sales of our NG-911 solutions will be higher than the amount we achieved in fiscal 2022. Further, we believe we are well positioned for long-term growth in this market. 
 
 Overall, we remain optimistic that fiscal 2022 net sales for this segment will be higher than the amount we achieved in fiscal 2021. Bookings, sales and profitability in our Commercial Solutions segment can fluctuate from period-to-period due to many factors, including changes in the general business environment. As such, period-to-period comparisons of our results may not be indicative of a trend or future performance. 

60 

Government Solutions 
 Net sales in our Government Solutions segment were 221.5 million for fiscal 2021 as compared to 263.0 million for fiscal 2020, a decrease of 41.5 million or 15.8 . Our Government Solutions segment represented 38.1 of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2021 as compared to 42.6 for fiscal 2020. Our book-to-bill ratio (a measure defined as bookings divided by net sales) in this segment for fiscal 2021 was 0.82. Period-to-period fluctuations in bookings are normal for this segment. 
 
 Fiscal 2021 net sales primarily reflect lower sales of global field support services, advanced VSAT products and other programs for the U.S. Army, offset in part by higher sales of our high reliability Electrical, Electronic and Electromechanical ("EEE") satellite-based space components (including incremental sales of X/Y antenna products that we now offer as a result of our January 2020 acquisition of CGC). Fiscal 2021 net sales also included performance on our 10-year, 211.0 million IDIQ contract awarded to us by a prime contractor to provide next-generation troposcatter systems in support of the U.S. Marine Corps. 
 
 During fiscal 2021, we were awarded 27.0 million of orders related to a new contract to provide system refurbishment, sustainment services and baseband equipment to the U.S Army. Such orders support the sustainment of the U.S. Army's AN/TSC-198 SNAP family of ground satellite terminals. This multi-year contract, valued at up to 235.7 million, includes a base year award and three one-year option periods exercisable by the U.S. Army. We expect that additional funding will be authorized over the remaining contract period. 
 
 Other notable orders awarded in fiscal 2021 include: (i) 16.3 million of orders from the U.S. government for our JCAC training solutions; (ii) a 10.4 million contract from the U.S. military for the first phase of a full-motion large aperture antenna tracking system; (iii) 7.2 million of funding to support the U.S. Army s PM MC's BFT-1 program; (iv) 5.5 million of funding on our contract to provide the U.S. Army with global field support services for military satellite communication SATCOM terminals around the world; (v) a 3.5 million contract for solid-state, high-power RF amplifiers from a major domestic medical instrumentation provider; (vi) a 3.2 million follow-on contract from the Brazilian military to supply additional satellite equipment and services for its Air Traffic Control network; (vii) a 3.0 million order from an overseas agency for maintenance of down range tracking stations; (viii) 3.0 million of additional funding for a 12-month extension on an existing contract to provide the State of Maryland s Department of Human Services with statewide information technology IT services; and (ix) 2.9 million of funding on our contract to provide ongoing sustainment services and baseband equipment, among others. 
 
 We are seeing strong interest across the board for our Comtech COMET TM terminals and other new solutions we are discussing with our customers. During fiscal 2021, we conducted successful in-field demonstrations including our industry leading troposcatter solution that we are currently providing to the U.S. Marine Corps. Other military commands have also shown strong interest and recently, in fiscal 2021, we were awarded a 1.7 million contract by a non-U.S. NATO family customer for multiple COMET TM terminals. This represents the second procurement of COMET TM terminals by a non-U.S. NATO family customer, in addition to the multiple COMET TM terminals already procured by the U.S. Special Operations Command. 
 
 In April 2021, the U.S. government announced that it intended to fully withdraw troops from Afghanistan. This change resulted in lower revenues than previously anticipated for certain programs that we currently participate in. In addition, the U.S. presidential administration released its fiscal 2022 budget request. This budget request includes less money for certain legacy programs but additional funding for modernization and new programs. We believe these budget changes will benefit us over the longer-term, but will result in a decline in overall revenues in our Government Solutions segment in fiscal 2022, as compared to fiscal 2021. Although still difficult to predict, we expect that revenues in this segment for each of the first three quarters of fiscal 2022 will be slightly lower than the 46.6 million achieved during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. Thereafter, this segment is expected to benefit from higher margin programs, including the receipt of new orders for the Comtech COMET TM and other troposcatter solutions. 
 
 Bookings, sales and profitability in our Government Solutions segment can fluctuate dramatically from period-to-period due to many factors, including unpredictable funding, deployment and technology decisions by our U.S. and international government customers. As such, period-to-period comparisons of our results may not be indicative of a trend or future performance. 

61 

Geography and Customer Type 
 Sales by geography and customer type, as a percentage of related sales, for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows: 
 Fiscal Years Ended July 31, 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 Commercial Solutions Government Solutions Consolidated U.S. government 14.7 14.8 66.8 65.0 34.6 36.2 Domestic 58.5 58.9 14.1 15.2 41.5 40.3 Total U.S. 73.2 73.7 80.9 80.2 76.1 76.5 International 26.8 26.3 19.1 19.8 23.9 23.5 Total 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 
 
 Sales to U.S. government customers include sales to the U.S. Department of Defense ("DoD"), intelligence and civilian agencies, as well as sales directly to or through prime contractors. 
 
 Domestic sales include sales to commercial customers, as well as to U.S. state and local governments. Included in domestic sales are sales to Verizon Communications Inc. ("Verizon"), which accounted for 10.7 of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2021. Except for the U.S. government, there were no customers that represented more than 10.0 of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2020. 
 
 International sales for fiscal 2021 and 2020 (which include sales to U.S. domestic companies for inclusion in products that are sold to international customers) were 138.9 million and 145.1 million, respectively. Except for the U.S., no individual country (including sales to U.S. domestic companies for inclusion in products that are sold to a foreign country) represented more than 10 of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Gross Profit. Gross profit was 214.0 million and 226.8 million for fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease of 12.8 million primarily reflects the decline in consolidated net sales, as discussed above. Gross profit as a percentage of consolidated net sales was 36.8 for both fiscal periods. Our gross profit in fiscal 2021 reflects a higher percentage of consolidated net sales generated from our Commercial Solutions segment (which historically achieves higher gross margins than our Government Solutions segment), offset by increased costs due to production delays, supply chain disruptions, lower levels of factory utilization and higher logistics and operational costs resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, our gross profit reflects start-up costs associated with the opening of our two new high-volume technology manufacturing centers. Our gross profit for fiscal 2021 also reflects a 2.0 million benefit from the refund of historical excise tax paid, which was recorded in our Unallocated segment. Gross profit, as a percentage of related segment net sales, is further discussed below. 
 
 Our Commercial Solutions segment's gross profit, as a percentage of related segment net sales, for fiscal 2021 decreased in comparison to fiscal 2020. The decrease in gross profit percentage in fiscal 2021 primarily reflects changes in products and services mix, including the cessation of sales to AT T for 911 wireless call routing services and an increase in sales related to a recently awarded statewide NG-911 deployment (which has lower margins than our 911 wireless call routing services). 
 
 Our Government Solutions segment's gross profit, as a percentage of related segment net sales, for fiscal 2021 decreased in comparison to fiscal 2020. The decrease in gross profit percentage primarily reflects lower segment net sales and changes in products and services mix, as discussed above. Also, during fiscal 2021, we incurred 1.0 million of incremental operating costs for our antenna facility in the United Kingdom due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Although operations in the United Kingdom have largely resumed, we continue to experience lingering impacts from COVID-19 and the shut-down. 
 
 Included in consolidated cost of sales for fiscal 2021 and 2020 are provisions for excess and obsolete inventory of 4.4 million and 1.6 million, respectively. As discussed in "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Critical Accounting Policies - Provisions for Excess and Obsolete Inventory," we regularly review our inventory and record a provision for excess and obsolete inventory based on historical and projected usage trends. 
 
 Our consolidated gross profit, as a percentage of consolidated net sales, depends on the volume of sales, sales mix and related gross profit for each segment, and therefore is inherently difficult to forecast. 

62 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses . Selling, general and administrative expenses were 111.8 million and 117.1 million for fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively, representing a decrease of 5.3 million, or 4.5 . As a percentage of consolidated net sales, selling, general and administrative expenses were 19.2 and 19.0 for fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 In fiscal 2021, we incurred 2.8 million of restructuring costs to streamline our operations, including 1.8 million related to the ongoing relocation of certain of our satellite earth station production facilities to a new 146,000 square foot facility in Chandler, Arizona, and 1.0 million for the consolidation of certain administrative and operating functions in our tactical communications technologies product line. In addition, we received 3.1 million of legal expense recoveries from insurance in fiscal 2021. In fiscal 2020, we incurred estimated contract settlement costs of 0.4 million principally related to the repositioning of our location technologies solutions offerings in our Commercial Solutions segment. Excluding these costs in both periods, our selling, general and administrative expenses would have been 112.1 million, or 19.3 of consolidated net sales in fiscal 2021 and 116.7 million, or 18.9 of consolidated net sales in fiscal 2020. The decrease in our selling, general and administrative expenses, in dollars, is largely attributable to the benefit from our efforts to streamline business operations in both of our segments. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses in fiscal 2022 will likely be impacted by greater than normal proxy solicitation costs as well expenses associated with the CEO change that was announced on October 4, 2021. 
 
 Amortization of stock-based compensation expenses recorded as selling, general and administrative expenses was 8.1 million in fiscal 2021 as compared to 7.5 million in fiscal 2020. Amortization of stock-based compensation is not allocated to our two reportable operating segments. 
 
 Research and Development Expenses. Research and development expenses were 49.1 million and 52.2 million for fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively, representing a decrease of 3.1 million, or 5.9 . As a percentage of consolidated net sales, research and development expenses were 8.4 and 8.5 for fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 For fiscal 2021 and 2020, research and development expenses of 41.0 million and 45.2 million, respectively, related to our Commercial Solutions segment, and 7.1 million and 6.1 million, respectively, related to our Government Solutions segment. The remaining research and development expenses of 1.0 million and 0.9 million in fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to the amortization of stock-based compensation expense. 
 
 During fiscal 2021, our Government Solutions segment incurred 0.3 million of strategic emerging technology costs for next-generation satellite technology to advance our solutions offerings to be used with new broadband satellite constellations. We are evaluating this new market in relation to our long-term business strategies, and we may incur additional costs in fiscal 2022. 
 
 Whenever possible, we seek customer funding for research and development to adapt our products to specialized customer requirements. During fiscal 2021 and 2020, customers reimbursed us 13.6 million and 11.9 million, respectively, which is not reflected in the reported research and development expenses but is included in net sales with the related costs included in cost of sales. 
 
 Amortization of Intangibles. Amortization relating to intangible assets with finite lives was 21.0 million (of which 17.1 million was for the Commercial Solutions segment and 4.0 million was for the Government Solutions segment) for fiscal 2021 and 21.6 million (of which 17.3 million was for the Commercial Solutions segment and 4.3 million was for the Government Solutions segment) for fiscal 2020. 
 
 Our Business Outlook for Fiscal 2022 assumes total annual amortization of intangible assets of approximately 21.8 million. 
 
 Acquisition Plan Expenses. During fiscal 2021 and 2020, we incurred acquisition plan expenses of 100.3 million and 20.8 million, respectively. For fiscal 2021, 88.3 million related to the previously announced litigation and merger termination with Gilat, including 70.0 million paid in cash to Gilat. The remaining costs in fiscal 2021 primarily related to the April 2021 settlement of litigation associated with our 2019 acquisition of GD NG-911 as well as the March 2021 closing of our acquisition of UHP. These expenses are primarily recorded in our Unallocated segment. 

63 

Operating (Loss) Income. Operating loss for fiscal 2021 was 68.3 million as compared to operating income of 15.2 million for fiscal 2020. Operating income (loss) by reportable segment is shown in the table below: 
 Fiscal Years Ended July 31, 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 in millions) Commercial Solutions Government Solutions Unallocated Consolidated Operating income (loss) 41.1 34.8 8.4 20.0 (117.8) (39.6) (68.3) 15.2 Percentage of related net sales 11.4 9.8 3.8 7.6 NA NA NA 2.5 
 
 The increase in our Commercial Solutions segment operating income, both in dollars and as a percentage of the related segment net sales, for fiscal 2021 was driven primarily by higher net sales, lower research and development expenses and lower amortization of intangibles, offset in part by a lower gross profit percentage and 1.8 million of restructuring costs, as discussed above. 
 
 The decrease in our Government Solutions segment operating income, both in dollars and as a percentage of related segment net sales, for fiscal 2021 was driven primarily by lower net sales, a lower gross profit percentage, higher research and development expenses and 1.0 million of restructuring costs, partially offset by lower amortization of intangibles, as discussed above. 
 
 The increase in unallocated expenses for fiscal 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020 is primarily due to acquisition plan expenses, as discussed above. Amortization of stock-based compensation was 10.0 million and 9.3 million, respectively, for fiscal 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Excluding (i) 100.3 million of acquisition plan expenses; (ii) 2.8 million of restructuring costs; (iii) 1.0 million of incremental operating costs due to the impact of COVID-19; and (iv) 0.3 million of strategic emerging technology costs, consolidated operating income for fiscal 2021 would have been 36.1 million, or 6.2 of consolidated net sales. Excluding 20.8 million of acquisition plan expenses and 0.4 million of estimated contract settlement costs, consolidated operating income for fiscal 2020 would have been 36.4 million, or 5.9 of consolidated net sales. The increase, as a percentage of consolidated net sales, was due primarily to lower selling, general and administrative expenses and lower research and development expenses, offset in part by lower consolidated net sales, as discussed above. 
 
 GAAP operating income in fiscal 2022 will be impacted by both start-up expenses and restructuring costs associated with the opening of Comtech s new high-volume technology manufacturing centers, as well as COVID-19 related costs. In addition, as discussed above, we will likely incur greater than normal proxy solicitation costs in fiscal 2022 as well expenses associated with the CEO change that was announced on October 4, 2021. 
 
 Interest Expense and Other. Interest expense was 6.8 million and 6.1 million for fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. Interest expense for fiscal 2021 includes 1.2 million of incremental interest expense related to a now terminated financing commitment letter. Excluding the 1.2 million, our effective interest rate (including amortization of deferred financing costs) in fiscal 2021 was approximately 2.8 . Our current cash borrowing rate (which excludes the amortization of deferred financing costs) under our existing Credit Facility approximates 2.4 . 
 
 Interest (Income) and Other. Interest (income) and other for both fiscal 2021 and 2020 was nominal. All of our available cash and cash equivalents are currently invested in bank deposits and money market deposit accounts which, at this time, are currently yielding an immaterial interest rate. 
 
 (Benefit from) Provision for Income Taxes. For fiscal 2021, we recorded a tax benefit of 1.5 million as compared to a tax provision of 2.3 million for fiscal 2020. Our effective tax rate for fiscal 2021 (excluding discrete tax items) was nominal, as compared to 37.0 for fiscal 2020. The decrease from 37.0 is primarily due to the exclusion of the 70.0 million of acquisition plan expense paid to Gilat during our first quarter of fiscal 2021, as such amount was considered an unusual and infrequently occurring item. In addition, given the nature of such item, no financial statement benefit was recorded for the 70.0 million payment to Gilat. 

64 

During fiscal 2021, we recorded a net discrete tax benefit of 1.6 million, primarily related to: (i) the release of valuation allowances previously established on deferred tax assets of one of our Canadian subsidiaries; (ii) the finalization of certain tax accounts in connection with the filing of our fiscal 2020 federal, state and foreign income tax returns; and (iii) the settlement of certain stock-based awards during fiscal 2021. 
 
 During fiscal 2020, we recorded a net discrete tax benefit of 1.2 million, primarily related to the finalization of certain tax accounts in connection with the filing of our fiscal 2019 federal and state income tax returns. These benefits were offset, in part, by: (i) the remeasurement of certain foreign deferred taxes resulting from the passage of legislation that increased the statutory tax rate in the United Kingdom from 17.0 to 19.0 ; and (ii) the settlement of certain stock-based awards during fiscal 2020. 
 
 Our federal income tax returns for fiscal 2018 through 2020 are subject to potential future IRS audit. None of our state income tax returns prior to fiscal 2017 are subject to audit. Future tax assessments or settlements could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Net (Loss) Income. During fiscal 2021, our consolidated net loss was 73.5 million as compared to net income of 7.0 million during fiscal 2020. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA (both in dollars and as a percentage of related net sales) for both fiscal 2021 and 2020 are shown in the table below (numbers in the table may not foot due to rounding): 
 Fiscal Years Ended July 31, 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 in millions) Commercial Solutions Government Solutions Unallocated Consolidated Net income (loss) 39.2 34.4 9.6 20.2 (122.2) (47.6) (73.5) 7.0 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 
 1.8 0.4 (1.4) (0.1) (1.9) 2.0 (1.5) 2.3 Interest (income) and other 
 0.1 0.2 (0.2) (0.4) (0.1) (0.2) Interest expense 0.1 6.8 6.0 6.8 6.1 Amortization of stock-based compensation 
 10.0 9.3 10.0 9.3 Amortization of intangibles 
 17.1 17.3 4.0 4.3 21.0 21.6 Depreciation 7.5 8.3 1.6 1.4 0.3 0.8 9.4 10.6 Estimated contract settlement costs 
 0.4 0.4 Acquisition plan expenses 
 (1.1) 0.8 101.3 20.0 100.3 20.8 Restructuring costs 1.8 1.0 2.8 COVID-19 related costs 1.0 1.0 Strategic emerging technology costs 0.3 0.3 Adjusted EBITDA 66.3 61.7 16.3 25.7 (6.1) (9.6) 76.5 77.8 Percentage of related net sales 
 18.4 17.4 7.4 9.8 NA NA 13.2 12.6 
 
 The increase in consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, as a percentage of consolidated net sales, for fiscal 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020 is primarily attributable to a higher percentage of consolidated net sales in our Commercial Solutions segment, as well as lower consolidated selling, general and administrative expenses and research and development expenses, as discussed above. 
 
 The increase in our Commercial Solutions segment's Adjusted EBITDA, both in dollars and as a percentage of related segment net sales, is due to higher segment net sales, lower research and development expense and the benefit from cost savings measures previously implemented, partially offset by a lower gross profit percentage, as discussed above. 
 
 The decrease in our Government Solutions segment's Adjusted EBITDA, both in dollars and as a percentage of related segment net sales, was driven primarily by lower segment net sales, a lower gross profit percentage and higher research and development expenses, as discussed above. 

65 

Because our consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, as a percentage of consolidated net sales, depends on the volume of sales, sales mix and related gross profit for each individual segment as well as unallocated spending, it is inherently difficult to forecast. 
 
 Reconciliations of our GAAP consolidated operating income (loss), net income (loss) and net income (loss) per diluted share for fiscal 2021 and 2020 to the corresponding non-GAAP measures are shown in the tables below (numbers and per share amounts in the table may not foot due to rounding). Non-GAAP net income and EPS reflect non-GAAP provisions for income taxes based on full year results, as adjusted for the non-GAAP reconciling items included in the tables below. We evaluate our non-GAAP effective income tax rate on an ongoing basis, and it can change from time to time. Our non-GAAP effective income tax rate can differ materially from our GAAP effective income tax rate. In addition, due to the GAAP net loss for the period, non-GAAP income per diluted share adjustments for fiscal 2021 were computed using 25,885,000 weighted average diluted shares outstanding during the respective period: 
 Fiscal 2021 in millions, except for per share amount) Operating (Loss) Income Net (Loss) Income Net (Loss) Income per Diluted Share Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Earnings: 
 GAAP measures, as reported 
 (68.3) (73.5) (2.86) Acquisition plan expenses 
 100.3 93.3 3.60 Restructuring costs 
 2.8 2.1 0.08 COVID-19 related costs 1.0 0.8 0.03 Strategic emerging technology costs 0.3 0.3 0.01 Interest expense 
 0.9 0.04 Net discrete tax benefit 
 (1.6) (0.06) Non-GAAP measures 36.1 22.4 0.86 Fiscal 2020 in millions, except for per share amount) Operating Income Net Income Net Income per Diluted Share Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Earnings: 
 GAAP measures, as reported 
 15.2 7.0 0.28 Estimated contract settlement costs 
 0.4 0.3 0.01 Acquisition plan expenses 
 20.8 13.1 0.53 Net discrete tax benefit 
 (1.2) (0.05) Non-GAAP measures 36.4 19.2 0.77 

66 

Our Adjusted EBITDA is a Non-GAAP measure that represents earnings (loss) before income taxes, interest (income) and other, write-off of deferred financing costs, interest expense, amortization of stock-based compensation, amortization of intangibles, depreciation expense, estimated contract settlement costs, settlement of intellectual property litigation, acquisition plan expenses, restructuring costs, COVID-19 related costs, strategic emerging technology costs (for next-generation satellite technology), facility exit costs, strategic alternatives analysis expenses and other. Our definition of Adjusted EBITDA may differ from the definition of EBITDA or Adjusted EBITDA used by other companies and therefore may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. Adjusted EBITDA is also a measure frequently requested by our investors and analysts. We believe that investors and analysts may use Adjusted EBITDA, along with other information contained in our SEC filings, in assessing our performance and comparability of our results with other companies. Our Non-GAAP measures for consolidated operating income, net income and net income per diluted share reflect the GAAP measures as reported, adjusted for certain items as described. These Non-GAAP financial measures have limitations as an analytical tool as they exclude the financial impact of transactions necessary to conduct our business, such as the granting of equity compensation awards, and are not intended to be an alternative to financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. These measures are adjusted as described in the reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP in the above tables, but these adjustments should not be construed as an inference that all of these adjustments or costs are unusual, infrequent or non-recurring. Non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for or superior to, financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP. Investors are advised to carefully review the GAAP financial results that are disclosed in our SEC filings. We have not quantitatively reconciled our fiscal 2022 Adjusted EBITDA target to the most directly comparable GAAP measure because items such as stock-based compensation, adjustments to the provision for income taxes, amortization of intangibles, interest expense and estimated proxy solicitation related costs, which are specific items that impact these measures, have not yet occurred, are out of our control, or cannot be predicted. For example, quantification of stock-based compensation expense requires inputs such as the number of shares granted and market price that are not currently ascertainable. Accordingly, reconciliations to the Non-GAAP forward looking metrics are not available without unreasonable effort and such unavailable reconciling items could significantly impact our financial results. 

Comparison of Fiscal 2020 and 2019 
 
 Net Sales. Consolidated net sales were 616.7 million and 671.8 million for fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively, representing a decrease of 55.1 million, or 8.2 . The period-over-period decrease in net sales reflects lower net sales in both our Government Solutions and Commercial Solutions segments. Net sales by operating segment are discussed below. 
 
 Commercial Solutions 
 Net sales in our Commercial Solutions segment were 353.7 million for fiscal 2020, as compared to 357.3 million for fiscal 2019, a decrease of 3.6 million, or 1.0 . Our Commercial Solutions segment represented 57.4 of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2020 as compared to 53.2 for fiscal 2019. Our book-to-bill ratio (a measure defined as bookings divided by net sales) for this segment was 0.91. Period-to-period fluctuations in bookings are normal for this segment. 
 
 Net sales of our satellite ground station technologies in fiscal 2020 were significantly lower than fiscal 2019, primarily due to the business impact of COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Net sales of our public safety and location technology solutions were higher in fiscal 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019. Sales in fiscal 2020 of these products included an insignificant amount of sales from our February 2020 acquisition of NG-911. During fiscal 2020, the business impact of COVID-19 on our public safety and location technology solutions was relatively muted. 
 
 Bookings, sales and profitability in our Commercial Solutions segment can fluctuate from period-to-period due to many factors, including changes in the general business environment. As such, period-to-period comparisons of our results may not be indicative of a trend or future performance. 
 
 Government Solutions 
 Net sales in our Government Solutions segment were 263.0 million for fiscal 2020 as compared to 314.5 million for fiscal 2019, a decrease of 51.5 million or 16.4 . Our Government Solutions segment represented 42.6 of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2020 as compared to 46.8 for fiscal 2019. Our book-to-bill ratio (a measure defined as bookings divided by net sales) in this segment for fiscal 2020 was 1.0. Period-to-period fluctuations in bookings are normal for this segment. 
 
 Net sales of our tactical communications technologies during fiscal 2020 were significantly lower as compared to fiscal 2019, due primarily to the timing of and performance on orders related to our 98.6 million U.S. Army global field support contract and lower sales for high reliability Electrical, Electronic and Electromechanical EEE satellite based space components. While fiscal 2020 benefited from a nominal amount of sales related to our new X/Y satellite tracking antenna product line acquired in connection with our January 2020 acquisition of CGC, it also reflected the absence of sales of our next generation MT-2025 mobile satellite transceivers. In fiscal 2019, we sold 11.7 million of such transceivers. 

67 

Net sales of our high-performance transmission technologies in fiscal 2020 were slightly lower as compared to fiscal 2019 with increased sales of solid-state, high-power amplifiers and related switching technologies being offset by lower sales of our over-the-horizon microwave system technologies. 
 
 Bookings, sales and profitability in our Government Solutions segment can fluctuate dramatically from period-to-period due to many factors, including unpredictable funding, deployment and technology decisions by our U.S. and international government customers. As such, period-to-period comparisons of our results may not be indicative of a trend or future performance. 
 
 Geography and Customer Type 
 Sales by geography and customer type, as a percentage of related sales, for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2020 and 2019 are as follows: 
 Fiscal Years Ended July 31, 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019 Commercial Solutions Government Solutions Consolidated U.S. government 14.8 19.2 65.0 63.8 36.2 40.1 Domestic 58.9 53.9 15.2 12.5 40.3 34.5 Total U.S. 73.7 73.1 80.2 76.3 76.5 74.6 International 26.3 26.9 19.8 23.7 23.5 25.4 Total 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 
 
 Sales to U.S. government customers include sales to the DoD, intelligence and civilian agencies, as well as sales directly to or through prime contractors. 
 
 Domestic sales include sales to commercial customers, as well as to U.S. state and local governments. Except for the U.S. government, there were no customers that represented more than 10.0 of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2020 and 2019. 
 
 International sales for fiscal 2020 and 2019 (which include sales to U.S. domestic companies for inclusion in products that are sold to international customers) were 145.1 million and 170.6 million, respectively. Except for the U.S., no individual country (including sales to U.S. domestic companies for inclusion in products that are sold to a foreign country) represented more than 10 of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2020 and 2019. 
 
 Gross Profit. Gross profit was 226.8 million and 247.4 million for fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively. The decrease of 20.6 million primarily reflects the decline in consolidated net sales, as discussed above. 
 
 Gross profit, as a percentage of consolidated net sales, for both fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019 was 36.8 . Our gross profit in fiscal 2020 reflects minor increases in costs due to a lower level of factory utilization and higher logistics and operational costs resulting from COVID-19. Gross profit, as a percentage of related segment net sales, is further discussed below. 
 
 Our Commercial Solutions segment's gross profit, as a percentage of related segment net sales, for fiscal 2020 decreased in comparison to fiscal 2019. The decrease in gross profit percentage in fiscal 2020 primarily reflects changes in products and services mix, primarily lower net sales of our satellite ground station technologies. 
 
 Our Government Solutions segment's gross profit, as a percentage of related segment net sales, for fiscal 2020 increased slightly in comparison to fiscal 2019. The slight increase in gross profit percentage primarily reflects a more favorable mix of mission-critical technology solutions, despite lower fiscal 2020 sales of such solutions. 
 
 Included in consolidated cost of sales for fiscal 2020 and 2019 are provisions for excess and obsolete inventory of 1.6 million and 6.0 million, respectively. As discussed in "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Critical Accounting Policies - Provisions for Excess and Obsolete Inventory," we regularly review our inventory and record a provision for excess and obsolete inventory based on historical and projected usage trends. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses . Selling, general and administrative expenses were 117.1 million and 128.6 million for fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively, representing a decrease of 11.5 million, or 8.9 . As a percentage of consolidated net sales, selling, general and administrative expenses were 19.0 and 19.1 for fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

68 

Our selling, general and administrative expenses in fiscal 2020 reflect certain cost reduction actions taken in response to lower levels of business activity resulting from COVID-19. These cost savings measures included reducing global headcount, temporarily reducing salaries, suspending merit increases and eliminating certain discretionary expenses. Severance costs related to these actions were not material. Although we incurred lower travel expenses in fiscal 2020 than we did in fiscal 2019, there was a corresponding increase in information technology costs and COVID-19 safety related expenses. 
 
 In fiscal 2020, we incurred estimated contract settlement costs of 0.4 million related to the repositioning of our location technologies solutions offerings in our Commercial Solutions segment. In fiscal 2019, we incurred 6.4 million of such costs and also incurred 1.4 million of facility exit costs in our Government Solutions segment. Excluding all of these costs in both periods, our selling, general and administrative expenses would have been 116.7 million, or 18.9 of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2020 and 120.8 million, or 18.0 of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2019. 
 
 Amortization of stock-based compensation expenses recorded as selling, general and administrative expenses was 7.5 million in fiscal 2020 as compared to 9.3 million in fiscal 2019. This year-over-year decrease largely occurred due to the temporary suspension of stock-based awards for certain employees to reduce expenses as a response to COVID-19. Amortization of stock-based compensation is not allocated to our two reportable operating segments. 
 
 Research and Development Expenses. Research and development expenses were 52.2 million and 56.4 million for fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively, representing a decrease of 4.2 million, or 7.4 . As a percentage of consolidated net sales, research and development expenses were 8.5 and 8.4 for fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 For fiscal 2020 and 2019, research and development expenses of 45.2 million and 48.2 million, respectively, related to our Commercial Solutions segment, and 6.1 million and 7.2 million, respectively, related to our Government Solutions segment. The remaining research and development expenses of 0.9 million and 1.0 million in fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively, related to the amortization of stock-based compensation expense. 
 
 Whenever possible, we seek customer funding for research and development to adapt our products to specialized customer requirements. During fiscal 2020 and 2019, customers reimbursed us 11.9 million and 14.7 million, respectively, which is not reflected in the reported research and development expenses but is included in net sales with the related costs included in cost of sales. 
 
 Amortization of Intangibles. Amortization relating to intangible assets with finite lives was 21.6 million (of which 17.3 million was for the Commercial Solutions segment and 4.3 million was for the Government Solutions segment) for fiscal 2020 and 18.3 million (of which 14.9 million was for the Commercial Solutions segment and 3.4 million was for the Government Solutions segment) for fiscal 2019. The increase of 3.3 million was primarily due to our 2019 acquisitions of Solacom and the GD NG-911 business and our 2020 acquisition of CGC. 
 
 Settlement of Intellectual Property Litigation. In fiscal 2019, we recorded a 3.2 million benefit in our Unallocated segment as a result of a favorable ruling issued by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit related to a legacy TCS intellectual property matter. There was no comparable adjustment in fiscal 2020. 
 
 Acquisition Plan Expenses. During fiscal 2020, we incurred acquisition plan expenses of 20.8 million, primarily related to the now terminated acquisition of Gilat (including significant litigation expenses) and our acquisition of UHP, which was completed in March 2021. Fiscal 2020 acquisition plan expenses also include costs associated with our completed acquisitions of CGC and NG-911. In fiscal 2019, our acquisition plan expenses of 5.9 million primarily related to our acquisitions of Solacom and the GD NG-911 business. Except for 0.8 million of fiscal 2020 costs which are reflected in our Commercial Solutions segment, all of these expenses are primarily recorded in our Unallocated segment. 

69 

Operating Income. Operating income for fiscal 2020 was 15.2 million as compared 41.4 million for fiscal 2019. Operating income by reportable segment is shown in the table below: 
 Fiscal Years Ended July 31, 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019 in millions) Commercial Solutions Government Solutions Unallocated Consolidated Operating income (loss) 34.8 36.1 20.0 29.0 (39.6) (23.6) 15.2 41.4 Percentage of related net sales 9.8 10.1 7.6 9.2 NA NA 2.5 6.2 
 
 The Commercial Solutions segment's operating income for fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019 reflects 0.4 million and 6.4 million of estimated contract settlement costs, as discussed above. The segment's operating income for fiscal 2020 also reflects 0.8 million of the total acquisition plan expenses, as discussed above. Excluding such charges, operating income in our Commercial Solutions segment would have been 36.0 million, or 10.2 of related segment net sales for fiscal 2020, and 42.5 million, or 11.9 of related segment net sales for fiscal 2019. The decrease in operating income, both in dollars and as a percentage of related segment net sales, was driven primarily by lower net sales and a lower gross profit percentage and increased amortization of intangibles, as discussed above. 
 
 The Government Solutions segment s operating income for fiscal 2019 included 1.4 million of facility exit costs, as discussed above. Excluding such facility exist costs, operating income in our Government Solutions segment for fiscal 2019 would have been 30.4 million, or 9.7 of related segment net sales as compared to fiscal 2020 operating income of 20.0 million, or 7.6 of related segment net sales. The decrease in our Government Solutions segment s operating income, both in dollars and as a percentage of related segment net sales, in fiscal 2020 was driven primarily by lower net sales and increased amortization of intangibles, as discussed above. 
 
 The increase in unallocated expenses in fiscal 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019 is primarily due to higher acquisition plan expenses and the absence of the 3.2 million benefit related to the fiscal 2019 favorable ruling issued by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit for a legacy TCS intellectual property matter, as discussed above. Amortization of stock-based compensation was 9.3 million and 11.4 million, respectively, for fiscal 2020 and 2019. 
 
 Excluding the 20.8 million of acquisition plan expenses and 0.4 million of estimated contract settlement costs, consolidated operating income for fiscal 2020 would have been 36.4 million, or 5.9 of consolidated net sales. Excluding net costs of 10.5 million, consisting of 6.4 million of estimated contract settlement costs, 1.4 million of facility exit costs, 5.9 million of acquisition plan expenses and a 3.2 million benefit related to a legacy TCS intellectual property matter (all of which are discussed above), consolidated operating income for fiscal 2019 would have been 51.8 million, or 7.7 of consolidated net sales. The decrease in dollars, and as a percentage of consolidated net sales, was due primarily to lower consolidated net sales and increased amortization of intangibles, as discussed above. 
 
 Interest Expense and Other. Interest expense was 6.1 million and 9.2 million for fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively. The decrease is attributable to lower interest rates and lower outstanding indebtedness under our existing Credit Facility. Our effective interest rate (including amortization of deferred financing costs) in fiscal 2020 was approximately 3.9 . 
 
 Write-off of Deferred Financing Costs. In connection with the establishment of a new Credit Facility in fiscal 2019, we wrote-off 3.2 million of deferred financing costs which primarily related to the term loan portion of our prior credit facility. There was no comparable charge in fiscal 2020. 
 
 Interest (Income) and Other. Interest (income) and other for both fiscal 2020 and 2019 was nominal. 
 
 Provision for Income Taxes. The provision for income taxes for fiscal 2020 and 2019 was 2.3 million and 3.9 million, respectively. Our effective tax rate (excluding discrete tax items) for fiscal 2020 and 2019 was 37.0 and 23.25 , respectively. The increase from 23.25 to 37.0 is primarily due to the decrease in fiscal 2020 consolidated net sales. 
 
 During fiscal 2020, we recorded a net discrete tax benefit of 1.2 million, primarily related to the finalization of certain tax accounts in connection with the filing of our fiscal 2019 federal and state income tax returns. These benefits were offset, in part, by (i) the remeasurement of certain foreign deferred taxes resulting from the passage of legislation that increased the statutory tax rate in the United Kingdom from 17.0 to 19.0 and (ii) the settlement of certain stock-based awards during fiscal 2020. 

70 

During fiscal 2019, we recorded a net discrete tax benefit of 2.9 million, primarily related to: (i) the favorable resolution of the IRS' audit of our fiscal 2016 federal income tax return; (ii) discrete tax benefits for stock-based awards that were settled during fiscal 2019; and (iii) the reversal of tax contingencies no longer required due to the expiration of applicable statutes of limitation. 
 
 Net Income. During fiscal 2020, consolidated net income was 7.0 million as compared to 25.0 million during fiscal 2019. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA (both in dollars and as a percentage of related net sales) for both fiscal 2020 and 2019 are shown in the table below (numbers in the table may not foot due to rounding): 
 Fiscal Years Ended July 31, 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019 in millions) Commercial Solutions Government Solutions Unallocated Consolidated Net income (loss) 34.4 35.9 20.2 29.0 (47.6) (39.9) 7.0 25.0 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 
 0.4 (0.1) 2.0 3.9 2.3 3.9 Interest (income) and other 
 0.1 (0.2) (0.2) Write-off of deferred financing costs 
 3.2 3.2 Interest expense 0.1 6.0 9.2 6.1 9.2 Amortization of stock-based compensation 
 9.3 11.4 9.3 11.4 Amortization of intangibles 
 17.3 14.9 4.3 3.4 21.6 18.3 Depreciation 8.3 9.3 1.4 1.9 0.8 0.8 10.6 11.9 Estimated contract settlement costs 
 0.4 6.4 0.4 6.4 Settlement of intellectual property litigation 
 (3.2) (3.2) Acquisition plan expenses 
 0.8 20.0 5.9 20.8 5.9 Facility exit costs 
 1.4 1.4 Adjusted EBITDA 61.7 66.6 25.7 35.6 (9.6) (8.8) 77.8 93.5 Percentage of related net sales 
 17.4 18.6 9.8 11.3 NA NA 12.6 13.9 
 
 The decrease in consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, both in dollars and as a percentage of consolidated net sales, for fiscal 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019 is primarily attributable to lower consolidated net sales, as discussed above. 
 
 The decrease in our Commercial Solutions segment's Adjusted EBITDA, both in dollars and as a percentage of related segment net sales, is due to lower net sales and a lower gross profit percentage, as discussed above. 
 
 The decrease in our Government Solutions segment's Adjusted EBITDA, both in dollars and as a percentage of related segment net sales, was primarily driven by lower net sales, as discussed above. 

71 

Reconciliations of our GAAP consolidated operating income, net income and net income per diluted share for fiscal 2020 and 2019 to the corresponding non-GAAP measures are shown in the tables below (numbers and per share amounts in the table may not foot due to rounding). Non-GAAP net income and EPS reflect non-GAAP provisions for income taxes based on full year results, as adjusted for the non-GAAP reconciling items included in the tables below. We evaluate our non-GAAP effective income tax rate on an ongoing basis, and it can change from time to time. Our non-GAAP effective income tax rate can differ materially from our GAAP effective income tax rate: 
 Fiscal 2020 in millions, except for per share amount) Operating Income Net Income Net Income per Diluted Share Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Earnings: 
 GAAP measures, as reported 
 15.2 7.0 0.28 Estimated contract settlement costs 
 0.4 0.3 0.01 Acquisition plan expenses 
 20.8 13.1 0.53 Net discrete tax benefit 
 (1.2) (0.05) Non-GAAP measures 36.4 19.2 0.77 Fiscal 2019 in millions, except for per share amount) Operating Income Net Income Net Income per Diluted Share Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Earnings: 
 GAAP measures, as reported 
 41.4 25.0 1.03 Estimated contract settlement costs 
 6.4 4.9 0.20 Settlement of intellectual property litigation 
 (3.2) (2.5) (0.10) Facility exit costs 
 1.4 1.1 0.04 Acquisition plan expenses 
 5.9 4.5 0.19 Write-off of deferred financing costs 
 2.5 0.10 Net discrete tax benefit 
 (2.9) (0.12) Non-GAAP measures 51.8 32.6 1.34 
 
 Our Adjusted EBITDA is a Non-GAAP measure that represents earnings (loss) before income taxes, interest (income) and other, write-off of deferred financing costs, interest expense, amortization of stock-based compensation, amortization of intangibles, depreciation expense, estimated contract settlement costs, settlement of intellectual property litigation, acquisition plan expenses, restructuring costs, COVID-19 related costs, strategic emerging technology costs (for next-generation satellite technology), facility exit costs, strategic alternatives analysis expenses, proxy solicitation related costs and other. Our definition of Adjusted EBITDA may differ from the definition of EBITDA or Adjusted EBITDA used by other companies and therefore may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. Adjusted EBITDA is also a measure frequently requested by our investors and analysts. We believe that investors and analysts may use Adjusted EBITDA, along with other information contained in our SEC filings, in assessing our performance and comparability of our results with other companies. Our Non-GAAP measures for consolidated operating income, net income and net income per diluted share reflect the GAAP measures as reported, adjusted for certain items as described. These Non-GAAP financial measures have limitations as an analytical tool as they exclude the financial impact of transactions necessary to conduct our business, such as the granting of equity compensation awards, and are not intended to be an alternative to financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. These measures are adjusted as described in the reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP in the above tables, but these adjustments should not be construed as an inference that all of these adjustments or costs are unusual, infrequent or non-recurring. Non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for or superior to, financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP. Investors are advised to carefully review the GAAP financial results that are disclosed in our SEC filings. 
 
 72 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Our cash and cash equivalents were 30.9 million at July 31, 2021 as compared to 47.9 million at July 31, 2020, a decrease of 17.0 million. The decrease in cash and cash equivalents during fiscal 2021 was driven by the following: 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 40.6 million for fiscal 2021 as compared to net cash provided by operating activities of 52.8 million for fiscal 2020. During fiscal 2021, in connection with an agreement to terminate our acquisition of Gilat, we made a 70.0 million payment to Gilat. Excluding such payment, net cash provided by operating activities would have been 29.4 million. The period-over-period decrease in cash flow from operating activities (excluding the 70.0 million payment to Gilat) reflects lower consolidated net sales and overall changes in net working capital requirements, principally the timing of shipments, billings and payments. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities for fiscal 2021 was 15.5 million as compared to 20.2 million for fiscal 2020. During fiscal 2021, we paid 0.8 million in connection with our acquisition of CGC Technology Limited ("CGC"). During fiscal 2020, we paid 13.0 million in connection with our acquisitions of CGC and NG-911, net of cash acquired. The remaining portion of net cash used in both periods relates to expenditures for property, plant and equipment upgrades and enhancements. Also, offsetting cash used during the most recent period is 1.3 million of net cash acquired from our acquisition of UHP, as discussed further in " Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Note (2) - Acquisitions - UHP Networks Inc. " included in " Part II - Item 8. - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data " included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 39.1 million for fiscal 2021 as compared to net cash used in financing activities of 30.3 million for fiscal 2020. During fiscal 2021, we had net borrowings under our Credit Facility of 51.5 million, primarily due to the 70.0 million payment we made to Gilat. During fiscal 2021 and 2020, we paid 10.3 million and 10.0 million, respectively, in cash dividends to our stockholders. We also made 2.8 million and 5.3 million of payments to remit employees' statutory tax withholding requirements related to the net settlement of stock-based awards during the fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The Credit Facility is discussed below and in "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Note (7) - Credit Facility" included in "Part II - Item 8. - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Our investment policy relating to our cash and cash equivalents is intended to minimize principal loss while at the same time maximize the income we receive without significantly increasing risk. To minimize risk, we generally invest our cash and cash equivalents in money market mutual funds (both government and commercial), certificates of deposit, bank deposits, and U.S. Treasury securities. Many of our money market mutual funds invest in direct obligations of the U.S. government, bank securities guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, certificates of deposit and commercial paper and other securities issued by other companies. While we cannot predict future market conditions or market liquidity, we believe our investment policies are appropriate in the current environment. Ultimately, the availability of our cash and cash equivalents is dependent on a well-functioning liquid market. 
 
 As of July 31, 2021, our material short-term cash requirements primarily consist of: (i) capital investments and tenant improvements in connection with the opening of our two new high-volume technology manufacturing centers, (ii) interest payments under our Credit Facility; (iii) payments related to lease commitments; (iv) our ongoing working capital needs, including income tax payments and other capital expenditures; and (v) payment of accrued quarterly dividends. 
 
 In addition to making fiscal 2022 capital investments for our two new high-volume manufacturing centers, we plan to make significant capital expenditures to build-out cloud-based computer networks to support our NG-911 contract wins for the states of Pennsylvania, South Carolina and Arizona. Aggregate capital investments for these and other initiatives in fiscal 2022 are expected to approximate 30.0 million. 

73 

As discussed further in " Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Note (2) - Acquisitions - UHP Networks Inc. " included in " Part II - Item 8. - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data " included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we completed our acquisition of UHP on March 2, 2021. Pursuant to the stock purchase agreement, the initial upfront payment of approximately 24.0 million was paid mostly in shares of our common stock, with a nominal amount paid in cash. In August 2021, approximately 4.0 million of the 5.0 million hold back amount previously placed into escrow at closing, was paid to the seller in shares of our common stock, as the conditions pursuant to the stock purchase agreement were met. The stock purchase agreement also provides for an earn-out payment of up to 9.0 million, also payable at our option in cash and or shares of our common stock, if specified sales milestones are reached during the eighteen-month period ending September 30, 2022. 
 
 On March 3, 2021, we filed a shelf registration statement with the SEC for the sale of 1,381,567 shares of our common stock by the selling shareholder of UHP. The shelf registration statement was declared effective by the SEC as of March 15, 2021. To-date, we issued 1,026,567 shares pursuant to this shelf registration statement to satisfy initial payment and escrow arrangements under the terms of the stock purchase agreement. 
 
 In December 2018, we filed a 400.0 million shelf registration statement with the SEC for the sale of various types of securities, including debt. The shelf registration statement was declared effective by the SEC as of December 14, 2018. 
 
 As of July 31, 2021, we were authorized to repurchase up to an additional 100.0 million of our common stock, pursuant to a 100.0 million stock repurchase program. The new 100.0 million stock repurchase program has no time restrictions and repurchases may be made from time to time in open-market or privately negotiated transactions, or by other means in accordance with federal securities laws. There were no repurchases of our common stock during fiscal 2021 and 2020. 
 
 On September 29, 2020, December 9, 2020, March 11, 2021 and June 8, 2021, our Board of Directors declared a dividend of 0.10 per common share, which was paid on October 27, 2020, February 19, 2021, May 21, 2021 and August 20, 2021, respectively. 
 
 On October 4, 2021, our Board of Directors declared a dividend of 0.10 per common share, payable on November 12, 2021 to stockholders of record at the close of business on October 13, 2021. Future Common Stock dividends remain subject to compliance with financial covenants under our Credit Facility, as well as Board approval. 
 
 Our material long-term cash requirements primarily consist of mandatory interest payments pursuant to our Credit Facility and lease commitments. 
 
 We have historically met both our short-term and long-term cash requirements with funds provided by a combination of cash and cash equivalent balances, cash generated from operating activities and cash generated from financing transactions. Based on our anticipated level of future sales and operating income, we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalent balances, our cash generated from operating activities and amounts potentially available under our Credit Facility will be sufficient to meet both our currently anticipated short-term and long-term operating cash requirements. 
 
 Although it is difficult to predict the terms and conditions of financing that may be available in the future, should our short-term or long-term cash requirements increase beyond our current expectations, we believe that we would have sufficient access to credit from financial institutions and/or financing from public and private debt and equity markets. 
 
 Credit Facility 
 On October 31, 2018, we entered into a First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the "Credit Facility") with a syndicate of lenders. 
 
 The Credit Facility provides a senior secured loan facility of up to 550.0 million consisting of: (i) a revolving loan facility ("Revolving Loan Facility") with a borrowing limit of 300.0 million; (ii) an accordion feature allowing us to borrow up to an additional 250.0 million; (iii) a 35.0 million letter of credit sublimit; and (iv) a swingline loan credit sublimit of 25.0 million. 
 
 The Credit Facility matures on October 31, 2023 (the "Revolving Maturity Date"). If we issue new unsecured debt in excess of 5.0 million with a maturity date that is less than 91 days from October 31, 2023, the Revolving Maturity Date would automatically accelerate so that it would be 91 days earlier than the maturity date of the new unsecured debt. 

74 

As of July 31, 2021, the amount outstanding under our Credit Facility was 201.0 million, which is reflected in the non-current portion of long-term debt on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. At July 31, 2021, we had 1.5 million of standby letters of credit outstanding under our Credit Facility related to our guarantees of future performance on certain customer contracts and no outstanding commercial letters of credit. During fiscal 2021, we had outstanding balances under the Credit Facility ranging from 125.0 million to 219.0 million. 
 
 Borrowings under the Credit Facility shall be either: (i) Alternate Base Rate borrowings, which bear interest from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to (x) the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate (as defined) in effect on such day, (b) the Federal Funds Effective Rate (as defined) in effect on such day plus 1/2 of 1.00 per annum and (c) the Adjusted LIBO Rate (as defined) on such day (or, if such day is not a business day, the immediately preceding business day) plus 1.00 per annum, plus (y) the Applicable Rate (as defined), or (ii) Eurodollar borrowings, which bear interest from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to (x) the Adjusted LIBO Rate for such interest period plus (y) the Applicable Rate. Determination of the Applicable Rate is based on a pricing grid that is dependent upon our Secured Leverage Ratio (as defined) as of the end of each fiscal quarter for which consolidated financial statements have been most recently delivered. 
 
 The Credit Facility contains customary representations, warranties and affirmative covenants. The Credit Facility also contains customary negative covenants, subject to negotiated exceptions, including but not limited to: (i) liens, (ii) investments, (iii) indebtedness, (iv) significant corporate changes, including mergers and acquisitions, (v) dispositions, (vi) restricted payments, including stockholder dividends, and (vii) certain other restrictive agreements. The Credit Facility also contains certain financial covenants and customary events of default (subject to grace periods, as appropriate), such as payment defaults, cross-defaults to other material indebtedness, bankruptcy and insolvency, the occurrence of a defined change in control and the failure to observe the negative covenants and other covenants related to the operation of our business. In addition, under certain circumstances, we may be required to enter into amendments to the Credit Facility in connection with any further syndication of the Credit Facility. 
 
 The Credit Facility provides for, among other things: (i) no scheduled payments of principal until maturity; (ii) a maximum Secured Leverage Ratio of 3.75x trailing twelve months ("TTM") Adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization ("Adjusted EBITDA") and a Maximum Total Leverage Ratio of 4.50x TTM Adjusted EBITDA, each with no step downs; and (iii) a Minimum Interest Expense Coverage Ratio of 3.25x TTM Adjusted EBITDA. 
 
 As of July 31, 2021, our Secured Leverage Ratio was 2.53x TTM Adjusted EBITDA compared to the maximum allowable Secured Leverage Ratio of 3.75x TTM Adjusted EBITDA. Our Interest Expense Coverage Ratio as of July 31, 2021 was 13.05x TTM Adjusted EBITDA compared to the Minimum Interest Expense Coverage Ratio of 3.25x TTM Adjusted EBITDA. 
 
 The obligations under the Credit Facility are guaranteed by certain of our domestic and foreign subsidiaries (the "Guarantors"). As collateral security under the Credit Facility and the guarantees thereof, we and the Guarantors have granted to the administrative agent, for the benefit of the lenders, a lien on, and first priority security interest in, substantially all of our tangible and intangible assets. 
 
 Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meanings set forth for such terms in the Credit Facility and the Prior Credit Facility, which have been documented and filed with the SEC. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of July 31, 2021, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements within the meaning of Item 303 of Regulation S-K. 

75 

Commitments 
 In the normal course of business, other than as discussed below, we routinely enter into binding and non-binding purchase obligations primarily covering anticipated purchases of inventory and equipment. We do not expect that these commitments, as of July 31, 2021, will materially adversely affect our liquidity. 
 
 At July 31, 2021, cash payments due under long-term obligations (including estimated interest expense on our Credit Facility), excluding purchase orders that we entered into in our normal course of business, are as follows: 
 
 Obligations Due by Fiscal Years or Maturity Date (in thousands) 
 Total 
 2022 2023 and 2024 2025 and 2026 After 2026 Credit Facility - principal payments 201,000 201,000 Credit Facility - interest payments 11,537 5,133 6,404 Operating and finance lease obligations 56,705 10,408 14,689 10,798 20,810 Contractual cash obligations 269,242 15,541 222,093 10,798 20,810 
 
 As discussed further in " Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Note (7) - Credit Facility " included in " Part II - Item 8. - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, " included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Credit Facility provides a senior secured loan facility of up to 550.0 million consisting of: (i) a revolving loan facility ("Revolving Loan Facility") with a borrowing limit of 300.0 million; (ii) an accordion feature allowing us to borrow up to an additional 250.0 million; (iii) a 35.0 million letter of credit sublimit; and (iv) a swingline loan credit sublimit of 25.0 million. The Credit Facility matures on October 31, 2023 (the "Revolving Maturity Date"). In addition, if we issue new unsecured debt in excess of 5.0 million with a maturity date that is less than 91 days from October 31, 2023, the Revolving Maturity Date would automatically accelerate so that it would be 91 days earlier than the maturity date of the new unsecured debt. At July 31, 2021, we have approximately 1.5 million of standby letters of credit outstanding under our Credit Facility related to our guarantees of future performance on certain customer contracts. Such amounts are not included in the above table. 
 
 As discussed further in " Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Note (15) - Stockholders Equity " included in " Part II - Item 8. - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, " included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, on October 4, 2021, our Board of Directors declared a dividend of 0.10 per common share, payable on November 12, 2021 to stockholders of record at the close of business on October 13, 2021. Future Common Stock dividends remain subject to compliance with financial covenants under our Credit Facility, as well as Board approval. 
 
 As discussed further in " Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Note (2) - Acquisitions - UHP Networks Inc. " included in " Part II - Item 8. - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data " included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we completed our acquisition of UHP on March 2, 2021. Pursuant to the stock purchase agreement, the initial upfront payment of approximately 24.0 million was paid mostly in shares of our common stock, with a nominal amount paid in cash. In August 2021, approximately 4.0 million of the 5.0 million hold back amount previously placed into escrow at closing, was paid to the seller in shares of our common stock, as the conditions pursuant to the stock purchase agreement were met. The stock purchase agreement also provides for an earn-out payment of up to 9.0 million, also payable at our option in cash and or shares of our common stock, if specified sales milestones are reached during the eighteen-month period ending September 30, 2022. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, we include indemnification provisions in certain of our customer contracts. Pursuant to these agreements, we have agreed to indemnify, hold harmless and reimburse the indemnified party for certain losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party, including but not limited to losses related to third-party intellectual property claims. It is not possible to determine the maximum potential amount under these agreements due to a history of nominal claims in the Comtech legacy business and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. 
 
 As discussed further in " Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Note (12) - Commitments and Contingencies, " included in " Part II - Item 8.- Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ," included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we are subject to a number of indemnification demands and we are incurring ongoing legal expenses in connection with these matters. Our insurance policies may not cover the cost of defending indemnification claims or providing indemnification. As a result, pending or future claims asserted against us by a party that we have agreed to indemnify could result in legal costs and damages that could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 

76 

We have change in control agreements, severance agreements and indemnification agreements with certain of our executive officers and certain key employees. All of these agreements may require payments by us, in certain circumstances, including, but not limited to, a change in control of our Company or an involuntary termination of employment without cause. These costs are not included in the above table. 
 
 Our Consolidated Balance Sheet at July 31, 2021 includes total liabilities of 9.2 million for uncertain tax positions, including interest, any or all of which may result in a cash payment. The future payments related to uncertain tax positions have not been presented in the table above due to the uncertainty of the amounts and timing of any potential cash settlement with the taxing authorities. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 We are required to prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") which is the source for all authoritative U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, which is commonly referred to as "GAAP." The FASB ASC is subject to updates by the FASB, which are known as Accounting Standards Updates ("ASUs"). 
 
 As further discussed in " Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note (1)(n) - Adoption of Accounting Standards and Updates " included in " Part II - Item 8. - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, " included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, during fiscal 2021, we adopted: 
 
 FASB ASU No. 2016-13, which requires companies to utilize an impairment model (current expected credit loss ("CECL")) for most financial assets measured at amortized cost and certain other financial instruments, which include, but are not limited to trade receivables and contract assets. This accounting standard replaced the incurred loss model with a model that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to estimate those losses. On August 1, 2020, we adopted this ASU on a modified-retrospective basis and recorded a 0.2 million decrease to opening retained earnings. 
 
 FASB ASU No. 2018-13, which modifies the disclosure requirements for fair value measurements in Topic 820. On August 1, 2020, we adopted this ASU. Our adoption of this ASU did not have any impact on our consolidated financial statements or disclosures. 
 
 FASB ASU No. 2018-15, which aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal use software (and hosting arrangements that include an internal use software license). The accounting for the service element of a hosting arrangement that is a service contract is not affected by the amendments in this ASU. On August 1, 2020, we adopted this ASU. Our adoption of this ASU did not have any impact on our consolidated financial statements or disclosures. 
 
 FASB ASU No. 2018-17, which requires entities to consider indirect interests held through related parties under common control on a proportional basis, rather than as the equivalent of a direct interest in its entirety, when determining whether a decision-making fee is a variable interest. On August 1, 2020, we adopted this ASU. Our adoption of this ASU did not have any impact on our consolidated financial statements or disclosures. 
 
 FASB ASU No. 2018-18, which clarifies when certain transactions between collaborative arrangement participants should be accounted for under ASC 606 and incorporates unit-of-account guidance consistent with ASC 606 to aid in this determination. The ASU also precludes entities from presenting consideration from transactions with a collaborator that is not a customer together with revenue recognized from contracts with customers. On August 1, 2020, we adopted this ASU. Our adoption of this ASU did not have any impact on our consolidated financial statements or disclosures. 
 
 FASB ASU No. 2019-08, which requires that an entity measure and classify share-based payment awards granted to a customer by applying the guidance in Topic 718. The amount recorded as a reduction of the transaction price is required to be measured on the basis of the grant-date fair value of the share-based payment award. On August 1, 2020, we adopted this ASU. Our adoption of this ASU did not have any impact on our consolidated financial statements or disclosures. 

77 

In addition, the following FASB ASUs have been issued and incorporated into the FASB ASC and have not yet been adopted by us as of July 31, 2021: 
 
 FASB ASU No. 2019-12, issued in December 2019 is intended to simplify various aspects related to accounting for income taxes. ASU 2019-12 removes certain exceptions to the general principles in Topic 740 and also clarifies and amends existing guidance to improve consistent application. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020. Our adoption of this ASU on August 1, 2021 did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements or disclosures. 
 
 FASB ASU No. 2020-01, issued in January 2020, clarifies the interactions between Topics 321, 323 and 815. This ASU clarifies that an entity should consider observable transactions that require it to either apply or discontinue the equity method of accounting for the purposes of applying the measurement alternative in accordance with Topic 321 immediately before applying or upon discontinuing the equity method. In addition, the amendments clarify the accounting for certain forward contracts and purchased options accounted for under Topic 815. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020. Our adoption of this ASU on August 1, 2021 did not impact our consolidated financial statements or disclosures. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Our earnings and cash flows are subject to fluctuations due to changes in interest rates primarily from borrowings under our Credit Facility. Based on the amount of outstanding debt under our Credit Facility, a hypothetical change in interest rates by 10 would change interest expense by approximately 0.5 million over a one-year period. Although we do not currently use interest rate derivative instruments to manage exposure to interest rate changes, we may choose to do so in the future in connection with our Credit Facility. 
 
 Our earnings and cash flows are also subject to fluctuations due to changes in interest rates on our investment of available cash balances. As of July 31, 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents of 30.9 million, which consisted of cash and highly-liquid money market deposit accounts. Many of these investments are subject to fluctuations in interest rates, which could impact our results. Based on our investment portfolio balance as of July 31, 2021, a hypothetical change in interest rates of 10 would have a nominal impact on interest income over a one-year period. Ultimately, the availability of our cash and cash equivalents is dependent on a well-functioning liquid market. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, Consolidated Financial Statements, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and Related Financial Schedule are listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedule annexed hereto. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON 
 ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 
 
 78 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures was carried out by us under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman and Chief Financial Officer. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by the report to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to management, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. A system of controls, no matter how well designed and operated, cannot provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the system of controls are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2021. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO") in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on our assessment, we determined that, as of July 31, 2021, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. 
 
 Deloitte and Touche LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, has performed an audit of our internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2021 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. This audit is required to be performed in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Our independent auditors were given unrestricted access to all financial records and related data. Deloitte s audit reports appear on pages F-2 and F-3 of this annual report. 
 
 Changes In Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act that occurred during our fiscal quarter ended July 31, 2021, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 As described in the supplement to the Company s Proxy Statement for Fiscal 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed with the SEC on December 1, 2020, on November 30, 2020, our Executive Compensation Committee approved amending all existing change-in-control agreements to reflect feedback and recommendations of Institutional Shareholder Services regarding payments and benefits provided under such agreements (the 2020 Amendments ). In addition to the changes previously disclosed, the 2020 Amendments also provided that, for our executive officers who are parties to Tier 1 change-in-control agreements (including Messrs. Fred Kornberg, Michael Porcelain and Michael Bondi) (such agreements, the Amended CIC Agreements ), in the event that the officer s employment is terminated by us without cause or terminated by the officer for "good reason" or "modified good reason" (as defined in the agreement), the "performance awards" (as defined in the agreement) will vest at the maximum level of performance. 
 
 The foregoing description of the Amended CIC Agreements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is a summary of, and is qualified in its entirety by, the terms of the Amended CIC Agreement. A copy of the form of the Amended CIC Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.(l)(1) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 79 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Certain information concerning directors and officers is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "Proxy Statement") which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no more than 120 days after the close of our fiscal year. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Information regarding executive compensation is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no more than 120 days after the close of our fiscal year. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS 
 AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Information regarding securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans and certain information regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no more than 120 days after the close of our fiscal year. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, 
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Information regarding certain relationships and related transactions is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no more than 120 days after the close of our fiscal year. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Information regarding principal accountant fees and services is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no more than 120 days after the close of our fiscal year. 
 
 80 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) (1) The Registrant s financial statements together with a separate index are annexed hereto. 
 (2) The Financial Statement Schedule listed in a separate index is annexed hereto. 
 (3) Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K are listed below. 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 Incorporated By 
 Reference to Exhibit 
 3(a)(i) 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 

Exhibit 3(a)(i) to the Registrant s 2006 Form 10-K 

3(a)(ii) 
 Third Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Registrant, as of September 26, 2017 

Exhibit 3(a)(ii) to the Registrant s 2017 Form 10-K 

4 (a) vi 
 Description of Comtech Telecommunication Corp.'s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act 

10(a)(1) 
 Seventh Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated March 4, 2020, between the Registrant and Fred Kornberg 

Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed March 4, 2020 

10(a)(2) 
 Lease agreement, dated September 23, 2011, on the Melville, New York Facility 
 Exhibit 10(s) to the Registrant's 2011 Form 10-K 10(b) 
 Second Amended and Restated 2001 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 Exhibit A to the Registrant s Proxy Statement, filed November 16, 2018 10(c) 
 2000 Stock Incentive Plan, Amended and Restated, Effective November 15, 2019, as amended effective August 4, 2020, as further amended August 10, 2021 

10(d)(1) 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the 2000 Stock Incentive Plan 

Exhibit 10(f)(7) to the Registrant s 2005 Form 10-K 

10(d)( 2 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement for Non-employee Directors pursuant to the 2000 Stock Incentive Plan - 2020 

Exhibit 10(d)(3) to the Registrant's Form 2020 Form 10-K 10(e) 
 Form of Performance Share Agreement pursuant to the 2000 Stock Incentive Plan 

Exhibit 10(s) to the Registrant s 2012 Form 10-K 
 10(f)( 1 
 Form of Long-Term Performance Share Award Agreement pursuant to the 2000 Stock Incentive Plan - 2018 
 Exhibit 10(f)(2) to the Registrant's 2019 Form 10-K 
 10(g)(1) 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Employees pursuant to the 2000 Stock Incentive Plan 

Exhibit 10(y) to the Registrant s 2016 Form 10-K 

10(g)(2) 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Non-employee Directors pursuant to the 2000 Stock Incentive Plan 

Exhibit 10(ab) to the Registrant s 2016 Form 10-K 

10(g)(3) 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (eligible for dividend equivalents) for Non-employee Directors pursuant to the 2000 Stock Incentive Plan - 2019 

Exhibit 10(g)(3) to the Registrant's 2019 Form 10-K 
 
 10(h)(1) 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Employees pursuant to the 2000 Stock Incentive Plan - 2017 

Exhibit 10(h)(1) to the Registrant s 2017 Form 10-K 

10(h)(2) 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Employees pursuant to the 2000 Stock Incentive Plan - 2016 

Exhibit 10(z) to the Registrant s 2016 Form 10-K 

10(h)( 3 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Non-employee Directors pursuant to the 2000 Stock Incentive Plan 

Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q, filed June 7, 2012 
 10(h)( 4 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (eligible for dividend equivalents) for Non-employee Directors pursuant to the 2000 Stock Incentive Plan 

Exhibit 10(aa) to the Registrant s 2016 Form 10-K 

10(h)( 5 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (eligible for dividend equivalents) for Non-employee Directors pursuant to the 2000 Stock Incentive Plan - 2013 

Exhibit 10(x) to the Registrant's 2013 Form 10-K 

81 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 Incorporated By 
 Reference to Exhibit 
 10(h)( 6 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (eligible for dividend equivalents) for Non-employee Directors pursuant to the 2000 Stock Incentive Plan - 2020 

Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q, filed June 3, 2020 10(i)(1) 
 Form of Stock Unit Agreement for Non-employee Directors pursuant to the 2000 Stock Incentive Plan 

Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q, filed June 7, 2012 
 10(i)(2) 
 Form of Stock Unit Agreement (eligible for dividend equivalents) for Non-employee Directors pursuant to the 2000 Stock Incentive Plan 

Exhibit 10(v) to the Registrant's 2013 Form 10-K 
 10(j)(1) 
 Form of Share Unit Agreement (eligible for dividend equivalents) for Employees pursuant to the 2000 Stock Incentive Plan 
 Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q, filed December 9, 2013 

10(j)(2) 
 Form of Share Unit Agreement (eligible for dividend equivalents) for Employees pursuant to the 2000 Stock Incentive Plan - 2018 

Exhibit 10(j)(2) to the Registrant's 2018 Form 10-K 
 10(k) 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and the Named Executive Officers and Certain Other Executive Officers 

Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on March 8, 2007 

10(l)(1) 
 Form of Change - in - Control Agreement (Tier 1) 

10(l)(2) 
 Form of Change-in-Control Agreement (Tier 2) between the Registrant and Certain Named Executive Officers (other than the CEO) and Certain Other Executive Officers 

10(l)(3) 
 Form of Change-in-Control Agreement (Tier 2) between the Registrant and Certain Named Executive Officers (other than the CEO) and Certain Other Executive Officers (California Employees) 

Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed June 7, 2017 

10(l)(4) 
 Form of Change-in-Control Agreement (Tier 2) between the Registrant and Certain Named Executive Officers (other than the CEO) and Certain Other Executive Officers (Divisional/Subsidiary Presidents) 
 Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed June 7, 2017 

10(l)(5) 
 Form of Change-in-Control Agreement (Tier 2) between the Registrant and Certain Named Executive Officers (other than the CEO) and Certain Other Executive Officers (California Divisional/Subsidiary Presidents) 

Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed June 7, 2017 

10(l)(6) 
 Form of Change-in-Control Agreement (Tier 3) between the Registrant and Certain Non-Executive Officers 

Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed June 7, 2017 

10(m) 
 Retirement and Transition Agreement 

Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q, filed December 4, 2019 

10( n 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 22, 2015, among Comtech Telecommunications Corp., Typhoon Acquisition Corp. and TeleCommunication Systems, Inc. 

Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed November 23, 2015 
 10( o 
 First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2018, among Comtech Telecommunications Corp., the lenders party thereto and Citibank N.A., as administrative agent, issuing bank and swingline lender. 

Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed November 5, 2018 

21 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

82 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 Incorporated By 
 Reference to Exhibit 
 31.1 
 Certification of CEO and Chairman pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 Certification of CEO and Chairman pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS The following financial statements from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021, formatted in inline XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity, (iv) Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows, and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 
 83 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. October 4, 2021 By: /s/Fred Kornberg (Date) Fred Kornberg, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title October 4, 2021 /s/Fred Kornberg Chairman of the Board (Date) Fred Kornberg Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) October 4, 2021 /s/Michael A. Bondi Chief Financial Officer (Date) Michael A. Bondi (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) October 4, 2021 /s/Judy Chambers Director (Date) Judy Chambers October 4, 2021 /s/Edwin Kantor Director (Date) Edwin Kantor October 4, 2021 /s/Ira S. Kaplan Director (Date) Ira S. Kaplan October 4, 2021 /s/Lisa Lesavoy Director (Date) Lisa Lesavoy October 4, 2021 /s/Robert G. Paul Director (Date) Robert G. Paul October 4, 2021 /s/Dr. Yacov A. Shamash Director (Date) Dr. Yacov A. Shamash October 4, 2021 /s/Lawrence J. Waldman Director (Date) Lawrence J. Waldman 

84 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedule 
 Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Financial Statements: Balance Sheets as of July 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 5 
 Statements of Operations for each of the years in the three-year period ended July 31, 2021 
 F- 6 
 Statements of Stockholders' Equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended July 31, 2021 
 F- 7 
 Statements of Cash Flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended July 31, 2021 
 F- 8 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 10 
 Additional Financial Information Pursuant to the Requirements of Form 10-K: Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves 
 S- 1 
 Schedules not listed above have been omitted because they are either not applicable or the required information has been provided elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 F - 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of 
 Comtech Telecommunications Corp. 
 Melville, New York 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Comtech Telecommunications Corp. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of July 31, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended July 31, 2021, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of July 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended July 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework 2013 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated October 4, 2021 , expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Net Sales Over Time Accounting Using the Cost-to-Cost Measure for Specific Identified Material Contracts Refer to Note 1 to the financial statements . 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company s determination of revenue recognition for specific identified material contracts accounted for over time involves estimating the total costs needed to complete the specific identified contracts and updating those estimates throughout the life of those specific identified contracts. This requires management to make significant estimates related to forecasts of future costs for the identified specific contracts. Changes in these estimates for the identified specific contracts could have a significant impact on the Company's results of operations. 
 
 Given the significant judgment and estimates used in management s projections, auditing the Company s estimates at completion and estimates to completion involved especially subjective judgment. 
 
 F - 2 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the Company s determination of revenue recognition for specific identified material contracts accounted for over time included the following, among others: 
 
 We tested the design and operating effectiveness of the controls over the development of the initial contract cost to complete estimate and monitoring of estimates at completion and estimates to completion. 
 
 For each specific identified material contract selected, we performed the following: 
 
 Evaluated whether the contract was properly included in management s calculation of overtime revenue based on the terms and conditions of each contract, including whether continuous transfer of control to the customer occurred as progress was made toward fulfilling the performance obligation. 
 
 Compared the transaction prices to the consideration expected to be received based on current rights and obligations under the contracts and any modifications that were agreed upon with the customers. 
 
 Tested management s identification of distinct performance obligations by evaluating whether the underlying goods, services, or both were highly interdependent and interrelated. 
 
 Evaluated the estimates of total cost and profit for the performance obligation by: 
 
 Performing a retrospective review by comparing the estimated margins at contract inception to the actual margins as of year-end in order to assess management s ability to accurately estimate costs. 
 
 Inquiring and corroborating the estimates to complete and the estimates at completion with the Project Manager (i.e., someone outside of Finance/Accounting) to understand significant variances in costs and completeness of the estimates at completion and estimates to completion. 
 
 Testing the estimates to complete through a combination of tests of details, in which we selected individual costs within the estimate to complete and obtained supporting documentation, and where we developed an expectation of the estimate to complete and compared it to the recorded balance. 
 
 Tested the accuracy and completeness of costs incurred during the current fiscal year. This testing included agreeing labor costs to employee timesheets and agreeing the labor rate to either rates agreed upon with the customer in the contract or rates from the Company's payroll records. 
 
 Tested the mathematical accuracy of management s calculation of revenue for the performance obligation. 

/s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 
 Jericho, New York 
 October 4, 2021 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 
 F - 3 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of 
 Comtech Telecommunications Corp. 
 Melville, New York 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Comtech Telecommunications Corp. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of July 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework 2013 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework 2013 issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule as of and for the year ended July 31, 2021, of the Company and our report dated October 4, 2021 , expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements and financial statement schedule. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 
 Jericho, New York 
 October 4, 2021 
 F - 4 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 As of July 31, 2021 and 2020 
 Assets 2021 2020 Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Goodwill Intangibles with finite lives, net Deferred financing costs, net Other assets, net Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Operating lease liabilities, current Dividends payable Contract liabilities Interest payable Total current liabilities Non-current portion of long-term debt, net Operating lease liabilities, non-current Income taxes payable Deferred tax liability, net Long-term contract liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (See Note 12) Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value per share; shares authorized and unissued 
 Common stock, par value per share; authorized shares; issued shares and shares at July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Less: Treasury stock, at cost shares at July 31, 2021 and 2020) 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F - 5 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 Fiscal Years Ended July 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 2021 2020 2019 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Expenses: Selling, general and administrative Research and development Amortization of intangibles Settlement of intellectual property litigation ) Acquisition plan expenses Operating (loss) income ) Other expenses (income): Interest expense Write-off of deferred financing costs Interest (income) and other ) ) (Loss) income before (benefit from) provision for income taxes ) (Benefit from) provision for income taxes ) Net (loss) income ) Net (loss) income per share: Basic ) Diluted ) Weighted average number of common shares outstanding basic Weighted average number of common and common equivalent shares outstanding diluted 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F - 6 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 Fiscal Years Ended July 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of July 31, 2018 ) Equity-classified stock award compensation 
 Proceeds from exercises of stock options 
 Proceeds from issuance of employee stock purchase plan shares 
 Issuance of restricted stock 
 ) Net settlement of stock-based awards 
 ) ) Common stock issued for acquisition of Solacom Technologies, Inc. ("Solacom") 
 Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Accrual of dividend equivalents, net of reversal per share) 
 ) ) Net income 
 Balance as of July 31, 2019 ) Equity-classified stock award compensation 
 Proceeds from exercises of stock options 
 Proceeds from issuance of employee stock purchase plan shares 
 Issuance of restricted stock 
 Net settlement of stock-based awards 
 ) ) Common stock issued for acquisition of CGC Technology Limited ("CGC") 
 Cash dividends declared, net per share) 
 ) ) Accrual of dividend equivalents, net of reversal per share) 
 ) ) Net income 
 Balance as of July 31, 2020 ) Equity-classified stock award compensation 
 Proceeds from issuance of employee stock purchase plan shares 
 Issuance of restricted stock, net of forfeiture ) Net settlement of stock-based awards 
 ) ) Common stock issued for acquisition of UHP Networks Inc. ("UHP") Cash dividends declared, net per share) 
 ) ) Accrual of dividend equivalents, net of reversal per share) 
 ) ) Adoption of current expected credit loss standard ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance as of July 31, 2021 ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F - 7 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Fiscal Years Ended July 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

 2021 2020 2019 Cash flows from operating activities: Net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization of property, plant and equipment Amortization of intangible assets with finite lives Amortization of stock-based compensation Amortization of deferred financing costs Estimated contract settlement costs Write-off of deferred financing costs Settlement of intellectual property litigation ) Changes in other liabilities ) ) ) Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment (Benefit from) provision for allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Provision for excess and obsolete inventory Deferred income tax (benefit) expense ) Other ) Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of business acquisitions: 
 Accounts receivable ) Inventories ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Contract liabilities ) ) Other liabilities, non-current ) Interest payable ) Income taxes payable ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Net cash acquired from acquisition of UHP Payment for acquisition of CGC, net of cash acquired ) ) Payment for acquisition of Solacom, net of cash acquired ) Payment for acquisition of the GD NG-911 business ) ) Payment for acquisition of NG-911 Inc. ) Purchases of property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net borrowings (payments) of long-term debt under Credit Facility ) Net payments under Revolving Loan portion of Prior Credit Facility ) Repayment of debt under Term Loan portion of Prior Credit Facility ) Remittance of employees' statutory tax withholding for stock awards ) ) ) Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Repayment of principal amounts under finance lease and other obligations ) ) ) Payment of deferred financing costs ) ) Proceeds from issuance of employee stock purchase plan shares Proceeds from exercises of stock options Payment of shelf registration costs ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) (Continued) 

F - 8 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (continued) 
 Fiscal Years Ended July 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

 2021 2020 2019 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year Supplemental cash flow disclosure Cash paid (received) during the year for: Interest Income taxes, net ) Non-cash investing and financing activities: Reclass of finance lease right-of-use assets to property, plant and equipment Accrued remittance of employees' statutory tax withholdings for fully-vested share units Cash dividends declared but unpaid (including accrual of dividend equivalents) Accrued additions to property, plant and equipment Issuance of restricted stock Common stock issued for acquisitions Fair value of UHP acquisition contingent earn-out consideration Accrued deferred financing costs Accruals related to acquisitions 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F - 9 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(1) 

(a) 

(b) 
 
 reportable operating segments: Commercial Solutions and Government Solutions. 
 
 Our business is highly competitive and characterized by rapid technological change. Our growth and financial position depends on our ability to keep pace with such changes and developments and to respond to the sophisticated requirements of an increasing variety of secure wireless communications technology users, among other things. Many of our competitors are substantially larger, and have significantly greater financial, marketing and operating resources and broader product lines than our own. A significant technological or sales breakthrough by others, including smaller competitors or new companies, could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, certain of our customers have technological capabilities in our product areas and could choose to replace our products with their own. 
 
 International sales expose us to certain risks, including barriers to trade, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates (which may make our products less price competitive), political and economic instability, availability of suitable export financing, export license requirements, tariff regulations, and other United States ("U.S.") and foreign regulations that may apply to the export of our products, as well as the generally greater difficulties of doing business abroad. We attempt to reduce the risk of doing business in foreign countries by seeking contracts denominated in U.S. dollars, advance or milestone payments, credit insurance and irrevocable letters of credit in our favor. 
 
 On October 4, 2021, we announced that our Board of Directors has appointed Michael D. Porcelain, our President and Chief Operating Officer, to be Chief Executive Officer, taking over from Fred Kornberg after a short transition period. The change of leadership is expected to occur by the end of calendar 2021, at which point Mr. Porcelain will also join our Board of Directors and continue as President. Mr. Kornberg will serve as non-executive Chairman of the Board and is expect to take on a technology advisory role. Costs associated with this leadership transition will be announced once they are finalized. 
 
 F - 10 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

(c) 

F - 11 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

F - 12 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

Domestic Total United States International Total 
 
 Included in domestic sales are sales to Verizon Communications Inc. ("Verizon"). Sales to Verizon were of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2021. Except for the U.S. government, there were no customers that represented more than 10.0 of consolidated net sales during fiscal 2020 and 2019. International sales for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 (which include sales to U.S. domestic companies for inclusion in products that are sold to international customers) were , and , respectively. Except for the U.S., no individual country (including sales to U.S. domestic companies for inclusion in products that are sold to a foreign country) represented more than 10.0 of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 
 Domestic Total United States International Total Contract type Firm fixed-price Cost reimbursable Total Transfer of control Point in time Over time Total 
 F - 13 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

Domestic Total United States International Total Contract type Firm fixed-price Cost reimbursable Total Transfer of control Point in time Over time Total 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2019 Commercial Solutions Government Solutions Total Geographical region and customer type U.S. government Domestic Total United States International Total Contract type Firm fixed-price Cost reimbursable Total Transfer of control Point in time Over time Total 
 F - 14 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

and was recognized as revenue during fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. In fiscal 2021 and 2020, contract liabilities increased and , respectively, due to business combinations discussed in Note (2) - " Acquisitions ." 
 
 We recognize the incremental costs to obtain or fulfill a contract as an expense when incurred if the amortization period of the asset is one year or less. Incremental costs to obtain or fulfill contracts with an amortization period greater than one year were not material. 
 
 As commissions payable to our internal sales and marketing employees or contractors are contingent upon multiple factors, such commissions are not considered direct costs to obtain or fulfill a contract with a customer and are expensed as incurred in selling, general and administrative expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. As for commissions payable to our third-party sales representatives related to large long-term contracts, we do consider these types of commissions both direct and incremental costs to obtain and fulfill such contracts. Therefore, such commissions are included in total estimated costs at completion for such contracts and expensed over time through cost of sales on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 As of July 31, 2021, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations was (which represents the amount of our consolidated backlog). We estimate that a substantial portion of our remaining performance obligations at July 31, 2021 will be completed and recognized as revenue during the next twenty-four month period, with the rest thereafter. During fiscal 2021, revenue recognized from performance obligations satisfied, or partially satisfied, in previous periods (for example due to changes in the transaction price) was not material. 

(d) 
 
 and , respectively, and primarily consist of bank deposits and money market deposit accounts insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Cash equivalents are carried at cost, which approximates fair value. 
 
 F - 15 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

(e) 

(f) under the straight-line method. Capitalized values of properties and leasehold improvements under leases are amortized over the life of the lease or the estimated life of the asset, whichever is less. 
 
 Goodwill represents the excess cost of a business acquisition over the fair value of the net assets acquired. In accordance with FASB ASC 350 " Intangibles - Goodwill and Other " goodwill is not amortized. We periodically, at least on an annual basis in the first quarter of each fiscal year, review goodwill, considering factors such as projected cash flows and revenue and earnings multiples, to determine whether the carrying value of the goodwill is impaired. If we fail the quantitative assessment of goodwill impairment ("quantitative assessment"), we would be required to recognize an impairment loss equal to the amount that a reporting unit's carrying value exceeded its fair value; however, any loss recognized should not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. We define our reporting units to be the same as our operating segments. 
 
 We performed our annual goodwill impairment assessment for fiscal 2022 on August 1, 2021 (the first day of our fiscal 2022). See Note (13) - " Goodwill " for more information. Unless there are future indicators that the fair value of a reporting unit is more likely than not less than its carrying value, such as a significant adverse change in our future financial performance, our next impairment assessment for goodwill will be performed and completed in the first quarter of fiscal 2023. Any impairment charges that we may record in the future could be material to our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We assess the recoverability of the carrying value of our other long-lived assets, including identifiable intangible assets with finite useful lives, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. We evaluate the recoverability of such assets based upon the expectations of undiscounted cash flows from such assets. If the sum of the expected future undiscounted cash flows were less than the carrying amount of the asset, a loss would be recognized for the difference between the fair value and the carrying amount. 

(g) 
 
 , and , respectively. These amounts are not reflected in the reported research and development expenses in each of the respective periods but are included in net sales with the related costs included in cost of sales in each of the respective periods. 
 
 F - 16 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

(h) 

(i) 
 
 repurchases of our common stock during the fiscal years ended July 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019. See Note (15) - " Stockholders Equity " for more information. 
 
 Weighted average stock options, RSUs and restricted stock outstanding of , and shares for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, were not included in our diluted EPS calculation because their effect would have been anti-dilutive. 
 
 Our EPS calculations exclude , and weighted average performance shares outstanding for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, as the performance conditions have not yet been satisfied. However, net income (loss) (the numerator) for EPS calculations for each respective period, is reduced by the compensation expense related to these awards. 
 
 F - 17 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
 Numerator for diluted calculation ) Denominator: Denominator for basic calculation Effect of dilutive securities: Stock-based awards Denominator for diluted calculation 

(j) 

(k) 

(l) 

(m) 

F - 18 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

(n) 
 
 decrease to opening retained earnings. 
 
 FASB ASU No. 2018-13, which modifies the disclosure requirements for fair value measurements in Topic 820. On August 1, 2020, we adopted this ASU. Our adoption of this ASU did not have any impact on our consolidated financial statements or disclosures. 
 
 FASB ASU No. 2018-15, which aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal use software (and hosting arrangements that include an internal use software license). The accounting for the service element of a hosting arrangement that is a service contract is not affected by the amendments in this ASU. On August 1, 2020, we adopted this ASU. Our adoption of this ASU did not have any impact on our consolidated financial statements or disclosures. 
 
 FASB ASU No. 2018-17, which requires entities to consider indirect interests held through related parties under common control on a proportional basis, rather than as the equivalent of a direct interest in its entirety, when determining whether a decision-making fee is a variable interest. On August 1, 2020, we adopted this ASU. Our adoption of this ASU did not have any impact on our consolidated financial statements or disclosures. 
 
 FASB ASU No. 2018-18, which clarifies when certain transactions between collaborative arrangement participants should be accounted for under ASC 606 and incorporates unit-of-account guidance consistent with ASC 606 to aid in this determination. The ASU also precludes entities from presenting consideration from transactions with a collaborator that is not a customer together with revenue recognized from contracts with customers. On August 1, 2020, we adopted this ASU. Our adoption of this ASU did not have any impact on our consolidated financial statements or disclosures. 
 
 FASB ASU No. 2019-08, which requires that an entity measure and classify share-based payment awards granted to a customer by applying the guidance in Topic 718. The amount recorded as a reduction of the transaction price is required to be measured based on the grant-date fair value of the share-based payment award. On August 1, 2020, we adopted this ASU. Our adoption of this ASU did not have any impact on our consolidated financial statements or disclosures. 

(2) 
 
 F - 19 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

. Pursuant to the stock purchase agreement, during fiscal 2021, the initial upfront payment of approximately was paid mostly in shares of our common stock, with paid in cash. In August 2021, of the hold back amount previously placed into escrow at closing was paid to the seller in shares of our Common Stock, as the conditions pursuant to the stock purchase agreement were met. The stock purchase agreement also provides for an earn-out payment of up to , also payable at our option in cash and or shares of our common stock, if specified sales milestones are reached during the eighteen-month period ending September 30, 2022. The preliminary estimated fair value of such contingent earn-out consideration at the acquisition date was . 
 
 Of the paid at closing, was placed into escrow to be released ratably over upon settlement of potential indemnification obligations of the seller. 
 
 We issued shares of our common stock at closing, based on a volume weighted average stock price of approximately per share, in satisfaction of initial payment and escrow arrangements under the terms of the stock purchase agreement. 
 
 We are accounting for the acquisition under the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with FASB ASC 805, "Business Combinations" ("ASC 805"). The purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, based on their preliminary fair value as of March 2, 2021 pursuant to the business combination accounting rules. Acquisition plan expenses were not included as a component of consideration transferred and were expensed in the period incurred. Our consolidated statements of operations for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021 include a nominal amount of revenue contribution from the acquisition. Pro forma financial information is not disclosed, as the acquisition is not material. 
 
 Hold back amount ) Contingent earn-out consideration Preliminary purchase price at fair value Preliminary allocation of aggregate purchase price: Cash and cash equivalents Current assets Property, plant and equipment Deferred tax assets Contract liabilities ) ) Accrued warranty obligations ) ) Other current liabilities ) ) ) Non-current liabilities ) ) Net tangible assets at preliminary fair value Identifiable intangibles, deferred taxes and goodwill: Estimated 
 Useful Lives 
 Technology years Customer relationships years Trade name years Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Goodwill ) Indefinite Preliminary allocation of aggregate purchase price 
 
 (1) As reported in the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended April 30, 2021. 
 
 F - 20 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

, of which was paid in cash and was paid by the issuance of shares of our common stock at a volume weighted average stock price of . The fair value of consideration transferred in connection with this acquisition was , which was net of of cash acquired. We accounted for the acquisition of CGC under the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with FASB ASC 805. The purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, based on their fair value as of January 27, 2020, pursuant to the business combination accounting rules. Acquisition plan expenses were not included as a component of consideration transferred and were expensed in the period incurred. Pro forma financial information is not disclosed, as the acquisition was not material. 
 
 Acquisition Plan Expenses 
 
 During fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, we incurred acquisition plan expenses of , and , respectively. Of the amount recorded in fiscal 2021, related to the previously announced litigation and merger termination with Gilat Satellite Networks, Ltd. ("Gilat"), including paid in cash to Gilat. The remaining costs primarily related to the April 2021 settlement of litigation associated with the 2019 acquisition of GD NG-911 as well as our acquisition of UHP, which closed in March 2021. Additionally, we recorded of incremental interest expenses in fiscal 2021 related to a now terminated financing commitment letter. 
 
 F - 21 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

(3) 
 
 Unbilled receivables from commercial and international customers Receivables from the U.S. government and its agencies Unbilled receivables from the U.S. government and its agencies Total accounts receivable Less allowance for doubtful accounts Accounts receivable, net 
 
 Unbilled receivables as of July 31, 2021 relate to contracts-in-progress for which revenue has been recognized, but for which we have not yet earned the right to bill the customer for work performed to-date. Under ASC 606, unbilled receivables constitute contract assets. Management estimates that a substantial portion of the amounts not yet billed at July 31, 2021 will be billed and collected within one year. 
 
 As of July 31, 2021, , and of total accounts receivable related to U.S. government and its agencies, AT T, Inc. and Verizon Communications Inc., respectively. Except for the U.S. government and its agencies, which represented , respectively, no other customers accounted for greater than 10.0 of total accounts receivable as of July 31, 2020. 

(4) 
 
 Work-in-process and finished goods Total inventories Less reserve for excess and obsolete inventories Inventories, net 
 
 As of July 31, 2021 and 2020, the amount of inventory directly related to long-term contracts (including contracts-in-progress) was and , respectively, and the amount of inventory related to contracts from third-party commercial customers who outsource their manufacturing to us was and , respectively. 

(5) 
 
 Leasehold improvements Less accumulated depreciation and amortization Property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense on property, plant and equipment amounted to , and for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 F - 22 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

(6) 
 
 Accrued warranty obligations Accrued contract costs Accrued acquisition-related costs Accrued commissions and royalties Accrued legal costs Other Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 
 Accrued contract costs represent direct and indirect costs on contracts as well as estimates of amounts owed for invoices not yet received from vendors or reflected in accounts payable. 
 
 Accrued acquisition-related costs as of July 31, 2021 include of contingent earn-out consideration related to our acquisition of UHP. See Note (2) - Acquisitions - UHP Networks Inc. for further discussion. 
 
 Accrued warranty obligations as of July 31, 2021 relate to estimated liabilities for assurance type warranty coverage that we provide to our customers. We generally provide warranty coverage for some of our products for a period of at least from the date of delivery. We record a liability for estimated warranty expense based on historical claims, product failure rates, consideration of contractual obligations, future costs to resolve software issues and other factors. Some of our product warranties are provided under long-term contracts, the costs of which are incorporated into our estimates of total contract costs. 
 
 Provision for warranty obligations Additions (in connection with acquisitions) Charges incurred ) ) Reclassification of non-current liabilities Balance at end of year 

(7) 
 
 consisting of: (i) a revolving loan facility ("Revolving Loan Facility") with a borrowing limit of ; (ii) an accordion feature allowing us to borrow up to an additional ; (iii) a letter of credit sublimit; and (iv) a swingline loan credit sublimit of . 
 
 F - 23 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

with a maturity date that is less than days from October 31, 2023, the Revolving Maturity Date would automatically accelerate so that it would be days earlier than the maturity date of the new unsecured debt. 
 
 As of July 31, 2021, the amount outstanding under our Credit Facility was which is reflected in the non-current portion of long-term debt on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. At July 31, 2021, we had of standby letters of credit outstanding under our Credit Facility related to guarantees of future performance on certain customer contracts and no outstanding commercial letters of credit. During the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021, we had outstanding balances under the Credit Facility ranging from to . 
 
 As of July 31, 2021, total net deferred financing costs related to the Credit Facility were and are being amortized over the term of our Credit Facility through October 31, 2023. In fiscal 2019, we wrote off of deferred financing costs primarily related to the Term Loan Facility of our Prior Credit Facility. 
 
 Interest expense related to our Credit Facility, including amortization of deferred financing costs, recorded during the fiscal years ended July 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 was , and , respectively. The amount for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2019 relates to both our Prior Credit Facility and our existing Credit Facility. Our blended interest rate approximated , and , respectively, for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 
 Borrowings under the Credit Facility shall be either: (i) Alternate Base Rate borrowings, which bear interest from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to (x) the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate (as defined) in effect on such day, (b) the Federal Funds Effective Rate (as defined) in effect on such day plus 1/2 of 1.00 per annum and (c) the Adjusted LIBO Rate (as defined) on such day (or, if such day is not a business day, the immediately preceding business day) plus per annum, plus (y) the Applicable Rate (as defined), or (ii) Eurodollar borrowings, which bear interest from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to (x) the Adjusted LIBO Rate for such interest period plus (y) the Applicable Rate. Determination of the Applicable Rate is based on a pricing grid that is dependent upon our Secured Leverage Ratio (as defined) as of the end of each fiscal quarter for which consolidated financial statements have been most recently delivered. 
 
 The Credit Facility contains customary representations, warranties and affirmative covenants. The Credit Facility also contains customary negative covenants, subject to negotiated exceptions, including but not limited to: (i) liens, (ii) investments, (iii) indebtedness, (iv) significant corporate changes, including mergers and acquisitions, (v) dispositions, (vi) restricted payments, including stockholder dividends, and (vii) certain other restrictive agreements. The Credit Facility also contains certain financial covenants and customary events of default (subject to grace periods, as appropriate), such as payment defaults, cross-defaults to other material indebtedness, bankruptcy and insolvency, the occurrence of a defined change in control and the failure to observe the negative covenants and other covenants related to the operation of our business. In addition, under certain circumstances, we may be required to enter into amendments to the Credit Facility in connection with any further syndication of the Credit Facility. 
 
 The Credit Facility provides for, among other things: (i) no scheduled payments of principal until maturity; (ii) a maximum Secured Leverage Ratio of x trailing twelve months ("TTM") Adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization ("Adjusted EBITDA") and a Maximum Total Leverage Ratio of x TTM Adjusted EBITDA, each with no step downs; and (iii) a Minimum Interest Expense Coverage Ratio of x TTM Adjusted EBITDA. 
 
 As of July 31, 2021, our Secured Leverage Ratio was x TTM Adjusted EBITDA compared to the maximum allowable Secured Leverage Ratio of x TTM Adjusted EBITDA. Our Interest Expense Coverage Ratio as of July 31, 2021 was x TTM Adjusted EBITDA compared to the Minimum Interest Expense Coverage Ratio of x TTM Adjusted EBITDA. Given our expected future business performance, we anticipate maintaining compliance with the terms and financial covenants in our Credit Facility for the foreseeable future. 
 
 The obligations under the Credit Facility are guaranteed by certain of our domestic and foreign subsidiaries (the "Guarantors"). As collateral security under the Credit Facility and the guarantees thereof, we and the Guarantors have granted to the administrative agent, for the benefit of the lenders, a lien on, and first priority security interest in, substantially all of our tangible and intangible assets. 
 F - 24 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

(8) 
 
 F - 25 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

Interest on lease liabilities Operating lease expense Short-term lease expense Variable lease expense Sublease income ) ) Total lease expense 
 
 Additional information related to leases is as follows: 
 Fiscal years ended July 31, 2021 2020 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating leases - Operating cash outflows Finance leases - Operating cash outflows Finance leases - Financing cash outflows ROU assets obtained in the exchange for lease liabilities (non-cash): Operating leases 
 
 Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2024 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Thereafter Total future undiscounted cash flows Less: Present value discount Lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease terms (in years) Weighted-average discount rate 
 F - 26 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

-year operating lease for a facility in Chandler, Arizona and a -year operating lease for a facility in the United Kingdom. Accordingly, amounts related to both leases are reflected as an operating lease right-of-use asset or related operating lease liability in our Consolidated Balance Sheet as of July 31, 2021. 
 
 We lease our Melville, New York production facility from a partnership controlled by our CEO and Chairman. Lease payments made during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021 and 2020 were and , respectively. The current lease provides for our use of the premises as they exist through December 2031. The annual rent of the facility for calendar year 2022 is and is subject to customary adjustments. We have a right of first refusal in the event of a sale of the facility. 
 
 As of July 31, 2021, we do not have any rental commitments that have not commenced. 

(9) Foreign ) ) 
 
 ) Federal deferred ) State and local current State and local deferred ) ) ) Foreign current Foreign deferred ) ) (Benefit from) provision for income taxes ) 
 
 F - 27 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
 Increase (reduction) in income taxes resulting from: 
 State and local income taxes, net of federal benefit ) ) ) Stock-based compensation ) ) ) Research and experimentation credits ) ) ) ) ) Foreign-derived intangible income deduction ) ) ) ) ) Nondeductible transaction costs ) Nondeductible executive compensation ) Fines and penalties Audit settlements ) ) Change in the beginning of the year valuation allowance for deferred tax assets ) Change in valuation allowance ) Remeasurement of deferred taxes ) ) ) Foreign income taxes ) Other, net ) ) (Benefit from) provision for income taxes ) 
 F - 28 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

Compensation and commissions Federal, state and foreign research and experimentation credits Stock-based compensation Foreign scientific research and experimental development expenditures Federal, state and foreign net operating losses Federal and state capital losses Lease liabilities Other Less: valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Plant and equipment ) ) Lease right-of-use assets ) ) Intangibles ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 
 At July 31, 2021, our net deferred tax liability of includes of foreign net deferred tax assets that were recorded as other assets, net in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. At July 31, 2020, our net deferred tax liability of includes of foreign net deferred tax assets that were recorded as other assets, net in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 We provide for income taxes under the provisions of ASC 740 which requires an asset and liability based approach in accounting for income taxes. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of them will not be realized. If management determines that it is more likely than not that some or all of its deferred tax assets will not be realized, a valuation allowance will be recorded against such deferred tax assets. 
 
 At July 31, 2021, we have federal research and experimentation credits of that will begin to expire in 2028. The timing and manner in which we may utilize tax credits in future tax years will be limited by the amounts and timing of future taxable income and by the application of the ownership change rules under Section 383 of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 
 F - 29 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

, which expire through 2040, utilization of which will be limited by the amounts and timing of future taxable income and by the application of the ownership change rules under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. We believe that it is more likely than not that the benefit from certain state net operating loss carryforwards will not be realized. In recognition of this risk, we have provided a valuation allowance of on the deferred tax assets relating to these state net operating loss carryforwards. We have state research and experimentation credit carryforwards of , which expire through 2040. We believe that it is more likely than not that the benefit from certain state research and experimentation credits will not be realized. In recognition of this risk, we have provided a valuation allowance of on the deferred tax assets relating to these state credits. We have federal and state capital loss carryforwards of , which begin to expire in 2026. We believe that it is more likely than not that the benefit from these capital losses will not be realized. In recognition of this risk, we have provided a valuation allowance of on the deferred tax assets relating to these capital losses. 
 
 At July 31, 2021, we had foreign deferred tax assets relating to net operating loss carryforwards of , which will begin to expire in 2032. We believe that it is more likely than not that certain net operating loss carryforwards may not be realized. In recognition of this risk, we have provided a valuation allowance of on the deferred tax assets relating to these net operating loss carryforwards. We have foreign deferred tax assets relating to research and experimentation credits of , which will begin to expire in 2024. Our foreign earnings and profits are insignificant and, as such, we have not recorded any deferred tax liability on unremitted foreign earnings. 
 
 We must generate of taxable income in the future to fully utilize our net deferred tax assets as of July 31, 2021. Management believes it is more likely than not that the results of future operations will generate sufficient taxable income to realize the net deferred tax assets. 
 
 At July 31, 2021 and 2020, total unrecognized tax benefits were and , respectively, including interest of and , respectively. At July 31, 2021 and 2020, and , respectively, of our unrecognized tax benefits were recorded as non-current income taxes payable on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The remaining unrecognized tax benefits of and at July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, were presented as an offset to the associated non-current deferred tax assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Of the total unrecognized tax benefits, and at July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, net of the reversal of the federal benefit recognized as a deferred tax asset relating to state reserves, would favorably impact our effective tax rate, if recognized. Unrecognized tax benefits result from income tax positions taken or expected to be taken on our income tax returns for which a tax benefit has not been recorded in our consolidated financial statements. We do not expect that there will be any significant changes to our total unrecognized tax benefits within the next twelve months. 
 
 Our policy is to recognize potential interest and penalties relating to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. 
 Increase related to current period Increase related to prior periods Expiration of statute of limitations ) ) ) Decrease related to prior periods ) ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 Our U.S. federal income tax returns for fiscal 2018 through 2020 are subject to potential future Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") audit. None of our state income tax returns prior to fiscal 2017 are subject to audit. Future tax assessments or settlements could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 F - 30 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

(10) 
 
 . Stock options granted may not have a term exceeding or, in the case of an incentive stock award granted to a stockholder who owns stock representing more than of the voting power, no more than . We expect to settle all outstanding awards under the Plan and employee purchases under the ESPP with the issuance of new shares of our common stock. 
 
 As of July 31, 2021, we had granted stock-based awards pursuant to the Plan representing the right to purchase and/or acquire an aggregate of shares (net of expired and canceled awards), of which an aggregate of have been exercised or settled. 
 
 Performance shares RSUs and restricted stock Share units Total 
 
 Our ESPP provides for the issuance of up to shares of our common stock. Our ESPP is intended to provide our eligible employees the opportunity to acquire our common stock at of fair market value at the date of issuance. Through July 31, 2021, we have cumulatively issued shares of our common stock to participating employees in connection with our ESPP. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses Research and development expenses Stock-based compensation expense before income tax benefit 
 Estimated income tax benefit ) ) ) Net stock-based compensation expense 
 
 F - 31 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

, net of estimated forfeitures of , is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. Total stock-based compensation capitalized and included in ending inventory at both July 31, 2021 and 2020 was . There are liability-classified stock-based awards outstanding as of July 31, 2021 or 2020. 

Performance shares RSUs and restricted stock ESPP Share units Stock-based compensation expense before income tax benefit 
 Estimated income tax benefit ) ) ) Net stock-based compensation expense 
 
 ESPP stock-based compensation expense primarily relates to the discount offered to participants in the ESPP. 
 
 During the fiscal years ended July 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 we recorded benefits of , and respectively, which primarily represents the recoupment of certain share units. 
 
 The estimated income tax benefit as shown in the above table was computed using income tax rates expected to apply when the awards are settled. Such deferred tax asset was recorded net as part of our non-current deferred tax liability on our Consolidated Balance Sheet as of July 31, 2021 and 2020. The actual income tax benefit recognized for tax reporting is based on the fair market value of our common stock at the time of settlement and can significantly differ from the estimated income tax benefit recorded for financial reporting. 
 
 F - 32 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

Expired/canceled ) Exercised ) Outstanding at July 31, 2019 Granted Expired/canceled ) Exercised ) Outstanding at July 31, 2020 Expired/canceled ) Outstanding at July 31, 2021 Exercisable at July 31, 2021 Vested and expected to vest at July 31, 2021 
 
 Stock options outstanding as of July 31, 2021 have exercise prices ranging from - , representing the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant, a contractual term of and a vesting period of . The total intrinsic value relating to stock options exercised during the fiscal years ended July 31 2020 and 2019 was and , respectively. There were stock options exercised during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021. 
 
 During fiscal 2020 and 2019, at the election of certain holders of vested stock options, and , respectively, of stock options were net settled upon exercise. As a result, and shares of our common stock were issued during the fiscal years ended July 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, net of shares retained to satisfy the exercise price and minimum statutory tax withholding requirements. 
 
 There were stock options granted during fiscal years ended July 31, 2021 or 2019. The estimated per-share weighted average grant-date fair value of stock options granted during fiscal 2020 was , which was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, and included weighted average assumptions as follows: (i) expected dividend yield of , (ii) expected volatility of , (iii) risk-free interest rate of , and (iv) expected life of years. 
 
 Expected dividend yield is the expected annual dividend as a percentage of the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant, based on our Board's annual dividend target at the time of grant. We estimate expected volatility by considering the historical volatility of our stock and the implied volatility of publicly-traded call options on our stock. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for an instrument which closely approximates the expected term. The expected term is the number of years we estimate that awards will be outstanding prior to exercise and is determined by employee groups with sufficiently distinct behavior patterns. Assumptions used in computing the fair value of stock-based awards reflect our best estimates, but involve uncertainties relating to market and other conditions, many of which are outside of our control. Estimates of fair value are not intended to predict actual future events or the value ultimately realized by recipients of stock-based awards. 
 F - 33 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

Granted Settled ) Canceled/Forfeited ) Outstanding at July 31, 2019 Granted Settled ) Canceled/Forfeited ) Outstanding at July 31, 2020 Granted Settled ) Canceled/Forfeited ) Outstanding at July 31, 2021 Vested at July 31, 2021 Vested and expected to vest at July 31, 2021 
 
 The total intrinsic value relating to fully-vested awards settled during the fiscal years ended July 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 was , and respectively. 
 
 The performance shares granted to employees principally vest over a performance period, if pre-established performance goals are attained, or as specified pursuant to the Plan and related agreements. As of July 31, 2021, the number of outstanding performance shares included in the above table, and the related compensation expense prior to consideration of estimated pre-vesting forfeitures, assume achievement of the pre-established goals at a target level. 
 
 RSUs and restricted stock granted to non-employee directors prior to July 31, 2019 have a vesting period of and are convertible into shares of our common stock generally at the time of termination, on a -for-one basis for no cash consideration, or earlier under certain circumstances. RSUs and restricted stock granted to non-employee directors after July 31, 2019 have a vesting period of . RSUs granted to employees have a vesting period of and are convertible into shares of our common stock generally at the time of vesting, on a -for-one basis for no cash consideration. 
 
 Share units granted prior to July 31, 2017 were vested when issued and are convertible into shares of our common stock, generally at the time of termination, on a -for-one basis for no cash consideration, or earlier under certain circumstances. Share units granted on or after July 31, 2017 were granted to certain employees in lieu of non-equity incentive compensation and are convertible into shares of our common stock on the anniversary of the respective grant date. 
 
 On July 31, 2021, fully vested share units were granted to certain employees in lieu of fiscal 2021 non-equity incentive compensation. Also, on July 31, 2021, fully vested share units (previously granted in lieu of fiscal 2020 non-equity incentive compensation) were settled by delivery of shares of our common stock after reduction of share units retained to satisfy employees statutory tax withholding requirements. Cumulatively, through July 31, 2021, share units granted have been settled. 
 
 F - 34 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

, and , respectively, of dividend equivalents (net of forfeitures) and paid out , and , respectively. Accrued dividend equivalents were recorded as a reduction to retained earnings. As of July 31, 2021 and 2020, accrued dividend equivalents were and , respectively. 
 With respect to the actual settlement of stock-based awards for income tax reporting, during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021, we recorded an income tax benefit of , and during the fiscal years ended July 31, 2020 and 2019 we recorded an income tax expense of and an income tax benefit of , respectively. 
 
 Subsequent Events 
 
 In the first quarter of fiscal 2022, our Board of Directors authorized the issuance of stock-based awards with a total unrecognized compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, of approximately . 

(11) 
 
 F - 35 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

Operating income (loss) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) ) ) Interest (income) and other ) ) Interest expense Amortization of stock-based compensation Amortization of intangibles Depreciation Acquisition plan expenses ) Restructuring costs COVID-19 related costs Strategic emerging technology costs Adjusted EBITDA ) Purchases of property, plant and equipment Long-lived assets acquired in connection with acquisitions Total assets at July 31, 2021 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2020 Commercial Solutions Government Solutions Unallocated Total Net sales Operating income (loss) ) Net income (loss) ) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) Interest (income) and other ) ) ) Interest expense Amortization of stock-based compensation Amortization of intangibles Depreciation Estimated contract settlement costs Acquisition plan expenses Adjusted EBITDA ) Purchases of property, plant and equipment Long-lived assets acquired in connection with acquisitions Total assets at July 31, 2020 
 
 F - 36 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

Operating income (loss) ) Net income (loss) ) Provision for income taxes Interest (income) and other ) Write-off of deferred financing costs Interest expense Amortization of stock-based compensation Amortization of intangibles Depreciation Estimated contract settlement costs Settlement of intellectual property litigation ) ) Acquisition plan expenses Facility exit costs Adjusted EBITDA ) Purchases of property, plant and equipment Long-lived assets acquired in connection with acquisitions Total assets at July 31, 2019 
 
 Unallocated expenses result from corporate expenses such as executive compensation, accounting, legal and other regulatory compliance related costs and also includes all of our amortization of stock-based compensation. During fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, we recorded , and of acquisition plan expenses, respectively, most of which were recorded primarily in our unallocated expenses. See Note (2) -" Acquisitions " for further information. In addition, offsetting unallocated expenses in fiscal 2019 is a benefit as a result of a favorable ruling issued by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit related to a legacy TCS intellectual property matter. 
 
 During fiscal 2021, our Commercial Solutions segment recorded of restructuring costs incurred to shift production of our key satellite earth station products to a new square foot facility in Chandler, Arizona. There were such charges recorded in fiscal 2020 or 2019. 
 
 During fiscal 2021, our Government Solutions segment recorded of restructuring costs incurred to consolidate certain administrative and operating functions in our tactical communications technologies product line. In addition, during fiscal 2021, this segment also recorded of incremental operating costs related to our antenna facility located in the United Kingdom due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which resulted in a temporary but complete shut-down of this facility. There were such charges recorded in fiscal 2020 or 2019. 
 
 Interest expense in the tables above primarily relates to our Credit Facility, and includes the amortization of deferred financing costs. See Note (7) - " Credit Facility " for further discussion. In addition, interest expense for fiscal 2021 includes of incremental interest expense related to a now terminated financing commitment letter, as discussed in more detail in Note (2) - " Acquisitions ." During fiscal 2019, we recorded a loss from the write-off of deferred financing costs primarily related to the Term Loan Facility portion of our Prior Credit Facility. See Note (7) - " Credit Facility " for further discussion. 
 
 F - 37 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

, and , respectively. There were nominal sales by the Government Solutions segment to the Commercial Solutions segment for these fiscal periods. All intersegment sales are eliminated in consolidation and are excluded from the tables above. 
 
 Unallocated assets at July 31, 2021 consist principally of cash and cash equivalents, income taxes receivable, corporate property, plant and equipment and deferred financing costs. The large majority of our long-lived assets are located in the U.S. 

(12) 

transactions, it was determined that for (3) separate transactions between December 2015 and March 2017, Xicom engaged in conduct prohibited by the Export Administration Regulations (the Regulations when it exported items subject to the Regulations from the United States to Russia, the United Arab Emirates, and Brazil without obtaining the necessary BIS authorizations required for exports to each of these countries. The exports were valued at . Upon discovery of this issue, we implemented additional controls and procedures and increased awareness of these specific export requirements throughout Comtech to help avoid similar occurrences in the future. Pursuant to the agreement with BIS, Xicom made a payment to BIS of in April 2021. No other actions are to be taken by BIS or required of Xicom or Comtech in connection with this matter and we now considered the matter closed. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, we include indemnification provisions in certain of our customer contracts to indemnify, hold harmless and reimburse such customers for certain losses, including but not limited to losses related to third-party claims of intellectual property infringement arising from the customer s use of our products or services. We may also, from time to time, receive indemnification requests from customers related to third-party claims that 911 calls were improperly routed during an emergency. We evaluate such claims as and when they arise. We do not always agree with customers that they are entitled to indemnification and in such cases reject their claims. Despite maintaining that we have properly carried out our duties, we may seek coverage under our various insurance policies; however, we cannot be sure that we will be able to maintain or obtain insurance coverage at acceptable costs or in sufficient amounts or that our insurer will not disclaim coverage as to such claims. Accordingly, pending or future claims asserted against us by a party that we agree to indemnify could result in legal costs and damages that could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 There are certain other pending and threatened legal actions which arise in the normal course of business. Although the ultimate outcome of litigation is difficult to accurately predict, we believe that the outcome of these other pending and threatened actions will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

F - 38 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

(13) 
 
 Changes related to CGC acquisition Changes related to Solacom Technologies Inc. ("Solacom") UHP acquisition Balance as of July 31, 2021 
 
 During fiscal 2021, we recorded an adjustment to Solacom's goodwill to correct an immaterial item. 
 
 In accordance with FASB ASC 350, we perform a goodwill impairment analysis at least annually (in the first quarter of each fiscal year), unless indicators of impairment exist in interim periods. If we fail the quantitative assessment of goodwill impairment ("quantitative assessment"), we would be required to recognize an impairment loss equal to the amount that a reporting unit's carrying value exceeded its fair value; however, any loss recognized should not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. 
 
 On August 1, 2021 (the first day of our fiscal 2022), we performed our annual quantitative assessment using market participant assumptions to determine if the fair value of each of our reporting units with goodwill exceeded its carrying value. In making this assessment, we considered, among other things, expectations of projected net sales and cash flows, assumptions impacting the weighted average cost of capital, trends in trading multiples of comparable companies, changes in our stock price and changes in the carrying values of our reporting units with goodwill. We also considered overall business conditions. 
 
 In performing the quantitative assessment, we estimated the fair value of each of our reporting units using a combination of the income and market approaches. The income approach, also known as the discounted cash flow ("DCF") method, utilizes the present value of cash flows to estimate fair value. The future cash flows for our reporting units were projected based on our estimates, at that time, of future revenues, operating income and other factors (such as working capital and capital expenditures). For purposes of conducting our impairment analysis, we assumed revenue growth rates and cash flow projections that are below our actual long-term expectations. The discount rates used in our DCF method were based on a weighted-average cost of capital ("WACC") determined from relevant market comparisons, adjusted upward for specific reporting unit risks (primarily the uncertainty of achieving projected operating cash flows). A terminal value growth rate was applied to the final year of the projected period, which reflects our estimate of stable, perpetual growth. We then calculated a present value of the respective cash flows for each reporting unit to arrive at an estimate of fair value under the income approach. Under the market approach, we estimated a fair value based on comparable companies' market multiples of revenues and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and factored in a control premium. Finally, we compared our estimates of fair values to our August 1, 2021 total public market capitalization and assessed implied control premiums based on our common stock price of as of August 1, 2021. 
 
 Based on our quantitative evaluation, we determined that our Commercial Solutions and Government Solutions reporting units had estimated fair values in excess of their carrying values of at least and , respectively, and concluded that our goodwill was not impaired and that neither of our reporting units was at risk of failing the quantitative assessment. 
 
 It is possible that, during fiscal 2022 or beyond, business conditions (both in the U.S. and internationally) could deteriorate from the current state, our current or prospective customers could materially postpone, reduce or even forgo purchases of our products and services to a greater extent than we currently anticipate, or our common stock price could fluctuate. Such fluctuation could be caused by uncertainty about the severity and length of the COVID-19 pandemic, and its impact on global activity. 
 F - 39 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

(14) 
 
 Technologies Trademarks and other Total 
 
 July 31, 2020 Weighted Average Amortization Period Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Amount Customer relationships Technologies Trademarks and other Total 
 
 The weighted average amortization period in the above table excludes fully amortized intangible assets. 
 
 Amortization expense for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 was , and , respectively. 
 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 
 
 We review net intangible assets with finite lives for impairment when an event occurs indicating the potential for impairment. Based on our last assessment, we believe that the carrying values of our net intangible assets were recoverable as of July 31, 2021. However, if business conditions deteriorate, we may be required to record impairment losses, and or increase the amortization of intangibles in the future. Any impairment charges that we may record in the future could be material to our results of operations and financial condition. 
 F - 40 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

(15) 
 
 shelf registration statement with the SEC for the sale of various types of securities, including debt. The shelf registration was declared effective by the SEC as of December 14, 2018. To-date, we have not issued any securities pursuant to our shelf registration statement. 
 
 On March 3, 2021, in connection with our acquisition of UHP, we filed a shelf registration statement with the SEC for the sale by the selling stockholder of UHP of up to shares of our common stock. See Note (2) - " Acquisitions - UHP Networks Inc. " for further information. 
 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 On September 29, 2020, our Board of Directors authorized a new stock repurchase program, which replaced our prior program. The new stock repurchase program has no time restrictions and repurchases may be made from time to time in open-market or privately negotiated transactions, or by other means in accordance with federal securities laws. There were repurchases made during the fiscal years ended July 31, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 Dividends 
 Since September 2010, we have paid quarterly dividends pursuant to an annual targeted dividend amount that was established by our Board of Directors. On September 29, 2020, December 9, 2020, March 11, 2021 and June 8, 2021, our Board of Directors declared a dividend of per common share, which were paid on October 27, 2020, February 19, 2021, May 21, 2021 and August 20, 2021, respectively. 
 
 On October 4, 2021, our Board of Directors declared a dividend of per common share, payable on November 12, 2021 to stockholders of record at the close of business on October 13, 2021. Future Common Stock dividends remain subject to compliance with financial covenants under our Credit Facility, as well as Board approval. 

F - 41 

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

(16) 
 
 Gross profit Net (loss) income ) ) Diluted (loss) income per share ) ) 
 Fiscal 2020 First Quarter Second Quarter Third Quarter Fourth Quarter Total Net sales Gross profit Net income (loss) ) Diluted income (loss) per share ) 
 Fiscal 2019 First Quarter Second Quarter Third Quarter Fourth Quarter Total Net sales Gross profit Net income Diluted income per share 
 
 The per share information is computed independently for each quarter and the full year based on the respective weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Therefore, income per share information for the full fiscal year may not equal the total of the quarters within the year. 
 F - 42 

) (A) (B) ) (C) 2020 (A) ) (C) 2019 (A) ) (C) Inventory reserves: Year ended July 31, 2021 (D) ) (E) 2020 (D) ) (E) 2019 (D) ) (E) Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets: 
 Year ended July 31, 2021 (F) ) (F) 2020 (F) ) (F) 2019 (F) (G) 
 
 (A) Provision for doubtful accounts. 
 (B) Increase due to our adoption FASB ASU No. 2016-13 ("CECL ). See Note (1)(n) "Summary of Significant Accounting and Reporting Policies" for further discussion 
 (C) Write-off of uncollectible receivables. 
 (D) Provision for excess and obsolete inventory. 
 (E) Write-off of inventory. 
 (F) Change in valuation allowance. See Note (9) - "Income Taxes" for further discussion. 
 (G) Acquisition related valuation allowance charged to goodwill. 

S - 1 

<EX-4.(A)(VI)>
 2
 exhibit4aivdescriptionofse.htm
 EX-4.(A)(VI)

Document 

Exhibit 4(a)(iv) 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Comtech Telecommunications Corp. we, our, or the Company has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act our common stock, par value 0.10 per share common stock ). 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK 
 
 The following description of our common stock is intended as a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our Restated Certificate of Incorporation (which we refer to as our charter ), our Third Amended and Restated By-Laws (the Bylaws ), and to the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ). Each of the charter and the Bylaws are included as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit is a part. Because the following is only a summary, it does not contain all of the information that may be important to you. For a complete description, you should refer to the charter and the Bylaws. 
 
 General 
 
 Our charter authorizes 100,000,000 shares of common stock and 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.10 per value per share. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Common Stock Outstanding. As of July 31, 2021, we had 26,248,495 shares of our common stock outstanding. 
 
 Voting Rights. Each holder of common stock is entitled to one vote for each share of common stock on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. 
 
 Dividend Rights. Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive, as and when declared by our board of directors (the Board ), dividends payable either in cash or in property, including securities, out of assets of the Company that are legally available therefor. 
 
 Rights upon Liquidation. Holders of common stock are entitled to share pro rata, upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, in all remaining assets available for distribution to stockholders after payment of or provision for the Company s liabilities and the liquidation preference of any of our outstanding preferred stock. 
 
 Preemptive Rights. Holders of common stock have no preemptive rights to purchase, subscribe for or otherwise acquire any unissued or treasury shares or other securities. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Preferred Stock. As of July 31, 2021, no shares of the Company s preferred stock were issued and outstanding. The Company has designated 200,000 shares of our preferred stock as Series A Junior Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock, none of which are outstanding. 

Blank Check Preferred Stock. Under our restated certificate of incorporation, our board of directors has the authority, without stockholder approval, to designate one or more series of preferred stock, to issue shares of preferred stock in such series up to the maximum number of shares of the relevant series of preferred stock authorized, and to determine the preferences, rights, privileges, qualifications, restrictions and limitations of any such series, including the number of shares constituting any such series and the designation of such series, dividend rights, voting rights, the rights and terms of conversion, the rights and terms of redemption, the terms of any sinking fund, retirement fund or purchase fund to be provided with such series and liquidation preferences. Acting under this authority, our board of directors could designate and issue a series of preferred stock with preferences, rights, privileges, qualifications, restrictions or limitations, and adopt a stockholder rights plan, having the effect of discriminating against an existing or prospective holder of securities as a result of such stockholder beneficially owning or commencing a tender offer for a substantial amount of our common stock. One of the effects of authorized, but unissued and unreserved shares of capital stock may be to render more difficult or discourage an attempt by a potential acquirer to obtain control of our Company by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise, and thereby protect the continuity of the Company s management. The issuance of such shares of capital stock may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of the Company without any further action by our stockholders. We have no present intention to adopt a stockholder rights plan, but could do so without stockholder approval at any future time. 
 
 Our Board 
 
 Our Board is divided into three classes, with each class holding office for staggered three-year terms. The classification of directors may have the effect of making it more difficult for our stockholders to change the composition of the Board in a relatively short period of time. In addition, the classified board provision could have the effect of discouraging a third party from attempting to gain control of the Company, even though such an attempt might be beneficial to the Company and its stockholders. Accordingly, the classified board provision, if effective, could delay, defer or prevent a change in control of the Company. 
 
 Certain Provisions of Delaware Law 
 
 We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL, an anti-takeover law. In general, this statute provides that, except in certain limited circumstances, a corporation shall not engage in any business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. A business combination includes mergers, asset sales and other transactions resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. Subject to certain exceptions, for purposes of Section 203 of the DGCL, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates, owns, or within three years did own, 15 or more of the corporation s voting stock. This provision could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company. 
 
 Liability of Directors and Officers 
 
 As permitted by Delaware law, our charter contains a provision that eliminates the personal liability of the directors to Company and its stockholders for monetary damages for breaches of fiduciary duties as directors, except that such provision does not apply to any breach that involves 
 
 a breach of a director s duty of loyalty to the Company 
 
 any act or omission not in good faith or which involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law 
 
 a transaction from which the director derives an improper personal benefit or 
 
 the payment of dividends or the approval of stock repurchases or redemptions that are unlawful under the DGCL. 

The Bylaws provide that the Company shall indemnify (a) any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Company) by reason of the fact that he or she is or was one of the Company s directors, officers or employees, or is or was serving at the Company s request as a director, officer or employee of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement, actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with such action, suit or proceeding, provided such person acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the Company s best interests, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was illegal, and (b) any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by the Company or in its name to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he or she is or was one of the Company s directors, officers or employees, or is or was serving at the Company s request as a director, officer or employee of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if he or she acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the Company s best interests and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable for negligence or misconduct in the performance of his or her duty to the Company unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery of Delaware or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. 
 
 Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the federal securities laws may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the issuer pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the Company has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the federal securities laws, and is, therefore, unenforceable. 

</EX-4.(A)(VI)>

<EX-10.(C)>
 3
 exhibit10c-2000stockincent.htm
 EX-10.(C)

Document 

Exhibit 10(c) 

THE COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. 2000 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN AMENDED AND RESTATED EFFECTIVE NOVEMBER 15, 2019, 
 AS AMENDED EFFECTIVE AUGUST 4, 2020, 
 AS FURTHER AMENDED AUGUST 10, 2021 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page ARTICLE I PURPOSE 1 ARTICLE II DEFINITIONS 1 2.1 Acquisition Event 1 2.2 Affiliate 1 2.3 Award 2 2.4 Board 2 2.5 Cause 2 2.6 Change in Control 2 2.7 Code 2 2.8 Committee 3 2.9 Common Stock 3 2.10 Company 3 2.11 Consultant 3 2.12 Detrimental Activity 4 2.13 Disparagement 4 2.14 Disability 5 2.15 Effective Date 5 2.16 Eligible Employee 5 2.17 Exchange Act 5 2.18 Family Member 5 2.19 Fair Market Value 6 2.20 Foreign Jurisdiction 6 2.21 Incentive Stock Option 6 2.22 Limited Stock Appreciation Right 6 2.23 Non-Employee Director 6 2.24 Non-Qualified Stock Option 7 2.25 Non-Tandem Stock Appreciation Right 7 2.26 Other Stock-Based Award 7 2.27 Ownership Guidelines 7 2.28 Parent 7 2.29 Participant 7 2.30 Performance Criteria 7 2.31 Performance Cycle 7 2.32 Performance Goal 7 2.33 Performance Period 7 2.34 Performance Share 7 2.35 Performance Unit 7 2.36 Performance Unit Cycle 8 2.37 Plan 8 2.38 Reference Stock Option 8 
 
 i 

2.39 Restricted Stock 8 2.40 Restricted Stock Unit or RSU 8 2.41 Restriction Period 8 2.42 Retirement 8 2.43 Rule 16b-3 8 2.44 Section 162(m) of the Code 8 2.45 Section 409A of the Code 8 2.46 Securities Act 8 2.47 Stock Appreciation Right or SAR 8 2.48 Stock Option or Option 9 2.49 Stock Unit 9 2.50 Subsidiary 9 2.51 Tandem Stock Appreciation Right 9 2.52 Ten Percent Stockholder 9 2.53 Termination 9 2.54 Termination of Consultancy 9 2.55 Termination of Directorship 9 2.56 Termination of Employment 10 2.57 Transfer 10 2.58 Treasury Rate 10 ARTICLE III ADMINISTRATION 10 3.1 The Committee 10 3.2 Grants of Awards 10 3.3 Guidelines 12 3.4 Decisions Final 12 3.5 Reliance on Counsel 12 3.6 Procedures 12 3.7 Designation of Consultants Liability 13 ARTICLE IV SHARE AND OTHER LIMITATIONS 14 4.1 Shares 14 4.2 Changes 16 4.3 Minimum Purchase Price 18 4.4 Assumption of Awards 18 4.5 Minimum Restriction and Vesting Period 19 4.6 Dividends and Dividend Equivalents 19 ARTICLE V ELIGIBILITY 20 5.1 General Eligibility 20 5.2 Incentive Stock Options 20 5.3 Non-Employee Directors 20 5.4 Service Recipient Stock 20 ARTICLE VI STOCK OPTIONS 21 6.1 Stock Options 21 6.2 Grants 21 6.3 Terms of Stock Options 21 ARTICLE VII STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS 24 7.1 Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights 24 

ii 

7.2 Terms and Conditions of Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights 24 7.3 Non-Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights 25 7.4 Terms and Conditions of Non-Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights 25 7.5 Limited Stock Appreciation Rights 26 ARTICLE VIII RESTRICTED STOCK 27 8.1 Awards of Restricted Stock 27 8.2 Awards and Certificates 27 8.3 Restrictions and Conditions on Restricted Stock Awards 28 ARTICLE IX PERFORMANCE SHARES 29 9.1 Award of Performance Shares 29 9.2 Terms and Conditions 30 ARTICLE X CASH INCENTIVE AWARDS AND PERFORMANCE UNITS 31 10.1 Cash Incentive Awards 31 10.2 Awards of Performance Units 32 10.3 Terms and Conditions 32 ARTICLE XI OTHER STOCK-BASED AWARDS 35 11.1 Other Awards 35 11.2 Terms and Conditions 35 ARTICLE XII NON-TRANSFERABILITY AND TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT CONSULTANCY 36 12.1 Non-Transferability 36 12.2 Termination of Employment or Termination of Consultancy 38 ARTICLE XIII NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR GRANTS 40 13.1 Awards 40 13.2 Stock Option Grants 40 13.3 Non-Qualified Stock Option 41 13.4 Terms of Stock Options 41 13.5 Terms of Restricted Stock Units 45 13.6 Terms of Restricted Stock Awards 48 13.7 Terms of Stock Units 52 13.8 Changes 54 ARTICLE XIV CHANGE IN CONTROL PROVISIONS 55 14.1 Benefits 55 14.2 Change in Control 57 ARTICLE XV TERMINATION OR AMENDMENT OF PLAN 58 ARTICLE XVI UNFUNDED PLAN 59 16.1 Unfunded Status of Plan 59 ARTICLE XVII GENERAL PROVISIONS 59 17.1 Legend 59 17.2 Other Plans 59 17.3 Right to Employment Directorship Consultancy 59 17.4 Withholding of Taxes 60 17.5 Listing and Other Conditions 60 17.6 Governing Law 61 17.7 Construction 61 17.8 Other Benefits 61 
 iii 

17.9 Costs 61 17.10 No Right to Same Benefits 61 17.11 Death Disability 61 17.12 Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act 61 17.13 Section 409A of the Code 62 17.14 Severability of Provisions 63 17.15 Headings and Captions 63 17.16 Electronic Communications 63 ARTICLE XVIII EFFECTIVE DATE OF PLAN 63 ARTICLE XIX TERM OF PLAN 65 
 
 iv 

THE COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. 
 2000 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED EFFECTIVE NOVEMBER 15, 2019 
 ARTICLE I 
 PURPOSE 
 The purpose of The Comtech Telecommunications Corp. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan is to enhance the profitability and value of the Company for the benefit of its stockholders by enabling the Company (i) to offer employees of, and Consultants to, the Company and its Affiliates stock-based incentives and other equity interests in the Company and cash-based incentive Awards, thereby creating a means to attract, retain, motivate and reward such individuals and, through awards with a value based on the value of Company stock, to strengthen the mutuality of interests between such individuals and the Company's stockholders and (ii) to make equity based awards to Non-Employee Directors, thereby creating a means to attract, retain and reward such Non-Employee Directors and strengthen the mutuality of interests between Non-Employee Directors and the Company's stockholders. 
 ARTICLE II 
 DEFINITIONS 
 For purposes of this Plan, the following terms shall have the following meanings 
 2.1 Acquisition Event has the meaning set forth in Section 4.2(d). 
 2.2 Affiliate means each of the following (i) any Subsidiary (ii) any Parent (iii) any corporation, trade or business (including, without limitation, a partnership or limited liability company) which is directly or indirectly controlled 50 or more (whether by ownership of stock, assets or an equivalent ownership interest or voting interest) by the Company or one of its Affiliates and (iv) any other entity in which the Company or any of its Affiliates has a material equity interest and which is designated as an Affiliate by resolution of the Committee. 
 1 

2.3 Award means any award under this Plan of any (i) Stock Option (ii) Stock Appreciation Right (iii) Restricted Stock (iv) Performance Share (v) Performance Unit (vi) Restricted Stock Unit (vii), Stock Unit, (viii) Other Stock-Based Award (ix) other award providing benefits similar to (i) through (viii) designed to meet the requirements of a Foreign Jurisdiction or (x) cash incentive Award awarded under Section 10.1. An Award other than a cash incentive Award is referred to as an Equity Award. 
 2.4 Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 2.5 Cause means, with respect to a Participant's Termination of Employment or Termination of Consultancy (i) in the case where there is no employment agreement, consulting agreement, change in control agreement or similar agreement in effect between the Company or an Affiliate and the Participant at the time of the grant of the Award (or where there is such an agreement but it does not define cause (or words of like import)), termination due to a Participant's commission of a fraud or a felony in connection with his or her duties as an employee of the Company or an Affiliate, willful misconduct or any act of disloyalty, dishonesty, fraud, breach of trust or confidentiality as to the Company or an Affiliate or any other act which is intended to cause or may reasonably be expected to cause economic or reputational injury to the Company or an Affiliate or (ii) in the case where there is an employment agreement, consulting agreement, change in control agreement or similar agreement in effect between the Company or an Affiliate and the Participant at the time of the grant of the Award that defines cause (or words of like import), as defined under such agreement provided, however, that with regard to any agreement that conditions cause on occurrence of a change in control, such definition of cause shall not apply until a change in control actually takes place and then only with regard to a termination thereafter. With respect to a Participant's Termination of Directorship, cause shall mean an act or failure to act that constitutes cause for removal of a director under applicable Delaware law. 
 2.6 Change in Control has the meaning set forth in Article XIV. 
 2.7 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Any reference to any section of the Code shall also be a reference to any successor provision. 
 2 

2.8 Committee means (a) with respect to the application of this Plan to Eligible Employees and Consultants, a committee or subcommittee of the Board appointed from time to time by the Board, which committee or subcommittee shall consist of two or more Non-Employee Directors, each of whom is intended to be, (i) to the extent required by Rule 16b-3, a non-employee director as defined in Rule 16b-3, (ii) to the extent required by Section 162(m) of the Code and any regulations thereunder, an outside director as defined under Section 162(m) of the Code, (iii) an independent director under applicable stock exchange rules, and (iv) as may be applicable, independent as provided pursuant to the rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission under The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act provided, however, that if and to the extent that no Committee exists which has the authority to administer this Plan, the functions of the Committee shall be exercised by the Board and all references herein to the Committee shall be deemed to be references to the Board and (b) with respect to the application of this Plan to Non-Employee Directors, the Board. If for any reason the appointed Committee does not meet any of the requirements of clauses (a)(i) (iv) above, such noncompliance shall not affect the validity of Awards, grants, interpretations or other actions of the Committee. 
 2.9 Common Stock means the common stock, .10 par value per share, of the Company. 
 2.10 Company means Comtech Telecommunications Corp., a Delaware corporation, and its successors by operation of law. 
 2.11 Consultant means any advisor or consultant to the Company or its Affiliates. 
 3 

2.12 Detrimental Activity means (a) the disclosure to anyone outside the Company or its Affiliates, or the use in any manner other than in the furtherance of the Company's or its Affiliate's business, without written authorization from the Company, of any confidential information or proprietary information, relating to the business of the Company or its Affiliates, acquired by a Participant prior to the Participant's Termination (b) activity while employed by, or otherwise providing services to, the Company or its Affiliates that results, or if known could result, in the Participant's Termination that is classified by the Company as a Termination for Cause (c) any attempt, directly or indirectly, to solicit, induce or hire (or the identification for solicitation, inducement or hire of) any non-clerical employee of the Company or its Affiliates to be employed by, or to perform services for, the Participant or any person or entity with which the Participant is associated (including, but not limited to, due to the Participant's employment by, consultancy for, directorship with, equity interest in, or creditor relationship with such person or entity) or any person or entity from which the Participant receives direct or indirect compensation or fees as a result of such solicitation, inducement or hire (or the identification for solicitation, inducement or hire) without, in all cases, written authorization from the Company (d) any attempt, directly or indirectly, to solicit in a competitive manner any current or prospective customer of the Company or its Affiliates without, in all cases, written authorization from the Company (e) the Participant's Disparagement, or inducement of others to do so, of the Company or its Affiliates or their past and present officers, directors, employees or products (f) without written authorization from the Company, the rendering of services for any organization, or engaging, directly or indirectly, in any business, which is competitive with the Company or its Affiliates, or which organization or business, or the rendering of services to such organization or business, is otherwise prejudicial to or in conflict with the interests of the Company or its Affiliates, (g) breach of any agreement between the Participant and the Company or an Affiliate (including, without limitation, any employment agreement or non-competition or non-solicitation agreement), or (h) for Awards granted on or after September 21, 2011, a violation of the Company s Standards of Business Conduct as adopted by the Company from time to time and as in effect on the date the Award is granted. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee at grant, Detrimental Activity shall not be deemed to occur after the end of the one-year period following the Participant's Termination. For purposes of subsections (a), (c), (d) and (f) above, the Chief Executive Officer and the General Counsel of the Company shall each have authority to provide the Participant with written authorization to engage in the activities contemplated thereby and no other person shall have authority to provide the Participant with such authorization. 
 2.13 Disparagement means making comments or statements to the press, the Company's or its Affiliates' employees, consultants or any individual or entity with whom the Company or its Affiliates has a business relationship which would adversely affect in any manner the conduct of the business of the Company or its Affiliates (including, without limitation, any products or business plans or prospects), or the business reputation of the Company or its Affiliates, or any of their products, or their past or present officers, directors or employees. 
 4 

2.14 Disability means, with respect to an Eligible Employee, Consultant or Non-Employee Director, a permanent and total disability, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, provided that in no event shall any disability that is not a permanent and total disability, as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, shall be treated as a Disability. A Disability shall only be deemed to occur at the time of the determination by the Committee of the Disability. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for Awards that are subject to Section 409A of the Code, Disability shall mean that a Participant is disabled under Section 409A(a)(2)(C)(i) of the Code. 
 2.15 Effective Date means the effective date of this Plan as defined in Article XVIII. 
 2.16 Eligible Employee means each employee of the Company or an Affiliate. 
 2.17 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Any references to any section of the Exchange Act shall also be a reference to any successor provision. 
 2.18 Family Member shall mean family member as defined in Section A1(a)(5) of the general instructions of Form S-8. 
 5 

2.19 Fair Market Value means, unless otherwise required by any applicable provision of the Code or any regulations issued thereunder, as of any date, the last sales price for the Common Stock or the average of trading prices for Common Stock on the applicable date, as specified by the Committee (i) as reported on the principal national securities exchange on which it is then traded or The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC or (ii) if not traded on any such national securities exchange or The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC as quoted on an automated quotation system sponsored by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. If the Common Stock is not readily tradable on a national securities exchange, The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC or any automated quotation system sponsored by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, its Fair Market Value shall be set in good faith by the Committee. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Fair Market Value means the price for Common Stock set by the Committee in good faith based on reasonable methods set forth under Section 422 of the Code or Section 409A of the Code, as applicable, and the regulations thereunder including, without limitation, a method utilizing the average of prices of the Common Stock reported on the principal national securities exchange on which it is then traded during a reasonable period designated by the Committee. For purposes of the grant of any Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right, the applicable date shall be the date of grant of the Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right (which must be at or after the date on which such grant is duly authorized) or, if so specified by the Committee, the latest trading date for which the last sales price or average trading price is available at the time of grant, provided that for purposes of the exercise of any Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right, the applicable date shall be the date a notice of exercise is received by the Secretary of the Company or, if not a day on which the applicable market is open, the next day that it is open. For purposes of the conversion of a Performance Unit to shares of Common Stock for reference purposes, the applicable date shall be the date determined by the Committee in accordance with Section 10.2. 
 2.20 Foreign Jurisdiction means any jurisdiction outside of the United States including, without limitation, countries, states, provinces and localities. 
 2.21 Incentive Stock Option means any Stock Option awarded to an Eligible Employee under this Plan intended to be and designated as an Incentive Stock Option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code. 
 2.22 Limited Stock Appreciation Right means an Award of a limited Tandem Stock Appreciation Right or a Non-Tandem Stock Appreciation Right made pursuant to Section 7.5 of this Plan. 
 2.23 Non-Employee Director means a director of the Company who is not an active employee of the Company or an Affiliate and who is not an officer, director or employee of the Company or any Affiliate. 
 6 

2.24 Non-Qualified Stock Option means any Stock Option awarded under this Plan that is not an Incentive Stock Option. 
 2.25 Non-Tandem Stock Appreciation Right means a Stock Appreciation Right entitling a Participant to receive an amount in cash or Common Stock (as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion) equal to the excess of (i) the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock as of the date such right is exercised, over (ii) the aggregate exercise price of such right. 
 2.26 Other Stock-Based Award means an Award of Common Stock and other Awards made pursuant to Article XI that are valued in whole or in part by reference to, or are payable in or otherwise based on, Common Stock, including, without limitation, an Award valued by reference to performance of an Affiliate. 
 2.27 Ownership Guidelines means the guidelines adopted by the Board from time to time setting forth the minimum amount of Company stock that Non-Employee Directors are required to own. 
 2.28 Parent means any parent corporation of the Company within the meaning of Section 424(e) of the Code. 
 2.29 Participant means any Eligible Employee or Consultant to whom an Award has been made under this Plan and each Non-Employee Director of the Company provided, however, that a Non-Employee Director shall be a Participant for purposes of the Plan solely with respect to awards of Stock Options, Restricted Stock, Stock Units or Restricted Stock Units pursuant to Article XIII. 
 2.30 Performance Criteria has the meaning set forth in Exhibit A. 
 2.31 Performance Cycle has the meaning set forth in Section 10.1. 
 2.32 Performance Goal means the objective performance goals established by the Committee in accordance with Section 162(m) of the Code and based on one or more Performance Criteria. 
 2.33 Performance Period has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1. 
 2.34 Performance Share means an Award made pursuant to Article IX of this Plan of the right to receive Common Stock or, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, cash of an equivalent value at the end of the Performance Period or thereafter. 
 2.35 Performance Unit means an Award made pursuant to Article X of this Plan of the right to receive a fixed dollar amount, payable in cash or Common Stock (or a combination of both) as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, at the end of a specified Performance Unit Cycle or thereafter. 
 7 

2.36 Performance Unit Cycle has the meaning set forth in Section 10.2. 
 2.37 Plan means The Comtech Telecommunications Corp. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 2.38 Reference Stock Option has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1. 
 2.39 Restricted Stock means an Award of shares of Common Stock under this Plan that is subject to restrictions under Article VIII or Article XIII. 
 2.40 Restricted Stock Unit or RSU means an Award of a restricted stock unit under this Plan that is granted in accordance with and subject to restrictions under Article XI with respect to Eligible Employees and Consultants, and Article XIII with respect to Non-Employee Directors, which is a unit of measurement equivalent to one share of Common Stock but with none of the attendant rights of a holder of a share of Common Stock until a share of Common Stock is ultimately distributed in payment of the obligation (other than a right to receive dividend equivalent amounts as determined by the Committee). 
 2.41 Restriction Period has the meaning set forth in Section 8.3(a) with respect to Restricted Stock. 
 2.42 Retirement means a Termination of Employment or Termination of Consultancy other than a termination for Cause or due to death or Disability by a Participant at or after age 65 or such earlier date after age 50 as may be approved by the Committee with regard to such Participant. With respect to a Participant's Termination of Directorship, Retirement shall mean the failure to stand for reelection or the failure to be reelected at or after a Participant has attained age 65 or, with the consent of the Board, before age 65 but after age 50. 
 2.43 Rule 16b-3 means Rule 16b-3 under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act as then in effect or any successor provisions. 
 2.44 Section 162(m) of the Code means Section 162(m) of the Code and any Treasury regulations thereunder. 
 2.45 Section 409A of the Code means Section 409A of the Code and any Treasury regulations thereunder. 
 2.46 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Any reference to any section of the Securities Act shall also be a reference to any successor provision. 
 2.47 Stock Appreciation Right or SAR means the right pursuant to an Award granted under Article VII. 
 8 

2.48 Stock Option or Option means any option to purchase shares of Common Stock granted to Eligible Employees or Consultants under Article VI or to Non-Employee Directors under Article XIII. 
 2.49 Stock Unit means an Award of a stock unit under this Plan that is granted in accordance with and subject to restrictions under Article XI with respect to Eligible Employees and Consultants, and Article XIII with respect to Non-Employee Directors, which is a unit of measurement equivalent to one share of Common Stock but with none of the attendant rights of a holder of a share of Common Stock until a share of Common Stock is ultimately distributed in payment of the obligation (other than a right to receive dividend equivalent amounts as determined by the Committee). 
 2.50 Subsidiary means any subsidiary corporation of the Company within the meaning of Section 424(f) of the Code. 
 2.51 Tandem Stock Appreciation Right means a Stock Appreciation Right entitling the holder to surrender to the Company all (or a portion) of a Stock Option in exchange for an amount in cash or Common Stock (as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion) equal to the excess of (i) the Fair Market Value, on the date such Stock Option (or such portion thereof) is surrendered, of the Common Stock covered by such Stock Option (or such portion thereof), over (ii) the aggregate exercise price of such Stock Option (or such portion thereof). 
 2.52 Ten Percent Stockholder means a person owning stock possessing more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company, its Subsidiaries or its Parent. 
 2.53 Termination means a Termination of Consultancy, Termination of Directorship or Termination of Employment, as applicable. 
 2.54 Termination of Consultancy means, with respect to a Consultant, that the Consultant is no longer acting as a consultant to the Company or an Affiliate. In the event an entity shall cease to be an Affiliate, there shall be deemed a Termination of Consultancy of any individual who is not otherwise a Consultant to the Company or another Affiliate at the time the entity ceases to be an Affiliate. In the event that a Consultant becomes an Eligible Employee or a Non-Employee Director upon the termination of his consultancy, the Committee, in its sole and absolute discretion, may determine that no Termination of Consultancy shall be deemed to occur until such time as such Consultant is no longer a Consultant or an Eligible Employee. 
 2.55 Termination of Directorship means, with respect to a Non-Employee Director, that the Non-Employee Director has ceased to be a director of the Company. In the event that a Non-Employee Director becomes an Eligible Employee or a Consultant upon the termination of his directorship, the Committee, in its sole and absolute discretion, may determine that no Termination of 
 9 

Directorship shall be deemed to occur until such time as such Non-Employee Director is no longer an Eligible Employee or Consultant. 
 2.56 Termination of Employment means (i) a termination of employment (for reasons other than a military or personal leave of absence granted by the Company) of a Participant from the Company and its Affiliates or (ii) when an entity which is employing a Participant ceases to be an Affiliate, unless the Participant otherwise is, or thereupon becomes, employed by the Company or another Affiliate. In the event that an Eligible Employee becomes a Consultant or Non-Employee Director upon the termination of his employment, the Committee, in its sole and absolute discretion, may determine that no Termination of Employment shall be deemed to occur until such time as such Eligible Employee is no longer an Eligible Employee or a Consultant. 
 2.57 Transfer means anticipate, alienate, attach, sell, assign, pledge, encumber, charge, hypothecate or otherwise transfer and Transferred has a correlative meaning. 
 2.58 Treasury Rate means the interest rate payable on three-year notes issued by the United States Treasury with an issuance date that is closest to the first day of the relevant fiscal year, as reported by the U.S. Department of the Treasury on its website, http www.treasurydirect.gov or such other official website maintained by the U.S. Department of the Treasury at such time. 
 ARTICLE III 
 
 ADMINISTRATION 
 
 3.1 The Committee . The Plan shall be administered and interpreted by the Committee. If for any reason the appointed Committee does not meet the requirements of Rule 16b-3 or Section 162(m) of the Code, such noncompliance with the requirements of Rule 16b-3 and Section 162(m) of the Code shall not affect the validity of Awards, grants, interpretations or other actions of the Committee. 
 
 3.2 Grants of Awards . The Committee shall have full authority to grant to Eligible Employees and Consultants, pursuant to the terms of this Plan (i) Stock Options (ii) Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights and Non-Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights (iii) Restricted Stock (iv) Performance Shares (v) Performance Units (vi) Restricted Stock Units (vii) Stock Units (viii) Other Stock-Based Awards (ix) other awards providing benefits similar to (i) through (viii) designed to meet the requirements of Foreign Jurisdictions and (x) cash incentive Awards under Section 10.1. All Equity Awards shall be granted by, confirmed by, and subject to the terms of, a written agreement executed by the Company and the Participant. In particular, the Committee shall have the authority 
 10 

(a) to select the Eligible Employees and Consultants to whom Awards may from time to time be granted hereunder 
 (b) to determine whether and to what extent Awards, including any combination of two or more Awards, are to be granted hereunder to one or more Eligible Employees or Consultants 
 (c) to determine, in accordance with the terms of this Plan, the number of shares of Common Stock to be covered by each Equity Award granted hereunder 
 (d) to determine the terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of this Plan, of any Award granted hereunder (including, but not limited to, the exercise or purchase price (if any), any restriction or limitation, any vesting schedule or acceleration thereof and any forfeiture restrictions or waiver thereof, regarding any Award and the shares of Common Stock relating thereto, based on such factors, if any, as the Committee shall determine, in its sole discretion) 
 (e) to determine whether and under what circumstances a Stock Option may be settled in cash, Common Stock and or Restricted Stock under Section 6.3(d) or, with respect to Stock Options granted to Non-Employee Directors, Section 13.4(d) 
 (f) to the extent permitted by law, to determine whether, to what extent and under what circumstances to provide loans (which shall bear interest at the rate the Committee shall provide) to Eligible Employees and Consultants in order to exercise Stock Options under this Plan or to purchase Awards under this Plan (including shares of Common Stock) 
 (g) to determine whether a Stock Option is an Incentive Stock Option or Non-Qualified Stock Option, whether a Stock Appreciation Right is a Tandem Stock Appreciation Right or Non-Tandem Stock Appreciation Right or whether an Award is intended to satisfy Section 162(m) of the Code 
 (h) to determine whether to require an Eligible Employee or Consultant, as a condition of the granting of any Award, not to sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the exercise of an Option or an Award for a period of time as determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion, following the date of the acquisition of such Option or Award 
 (i) to modify, extend or renew an Award, subject to Article XV herein, provided, however, that if an Award is modified, extended or renewed and thereby deemed to be the issuance of a new Award under the Code or the applicable accounting rules, the exercise price of an Award may continue to be the original exercise price even if less than the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock at the time of such modification, extension or renewal provided further, however, that such Award may be restructured to comply with Section 409A of the Code to avoid any adverse tax consequences, to the extent applicable 
 11 

(j) to determine the form of any Award agreement or other document or notice related to this Plan, and whether that document, including signatures, may be in electronic form in accordance with Section 17.16 herein and 
 (k) to determine, subject to Sections 12.1 and 17.11, whether and under what circumstances (consistent with the terms of the Plan) a Participant shall be entitled to designate a beneficiary to receive the Participant s outstanding Award(s) or exercise the Participant s rights under the Participant s outstanding Award(s) following the death of the Participant. 
 3.3 Guidelines . Subject to Article XV hereof, the Committee shall have the authority to adopt, alter and repeal such administrative rules, guidelines and practices governing this Plan and perform all acts, including the delegation of its administrative responsibilities, as it shall, from time to time, deem advisable to construe and interpret the terms and provisions of this Plan and any Award issued under this Plan (and any agreements relating thereto) and to otherwise supervise the administration of this Plan. The Committee may correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in this Plan or in any agreement relating thereto in the manner and to the extent it shall deem necessary to effectuate the purpose and intent of this Plan. The Committee may adopt special guidelines and provisions for persons who are residing in, or subject to, the taxes of, Foreign Jurisdictions to comply with applicable tax and securities laws and may impose any limitations and restrictions that it deems necessary to comply with the applicable tax and securities laws of such Foreign Jurisdictions. To the extent applicable, this Plan is intended to comply with Section 162(m) of the Code and the applicable requirements of Rule 16b-3 and shall be limited, construed and interpreted in a manner so as to comply therewith. 
 3.4 Decisions Final . Any decision, interpretation or other action made or taken in good faith by or at the direction of the Company, the Board or the Committee (or any of its members) arising out of or in connection with this Plan shall be within the absolute discretion of all and each of them, as the case may be, and shall be final, binding and conclusive on the Company and all employees and Participants and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. 
 3.5 Reliance on Counsel . The Company, the Board or the Committee may consult with legal counsel, who may be counsel for the Company or other counsel, with respect to its obligations or duties hereunder, or with respect to any action or proceeding or any question of law, and shall not be liable with respect to any action taken or omitted by it in good faith pursuant to the advice of such counsel. 
 3.6 Procedures . If the Committee is appointed, the Board shall designate one of the members of the Committee as chairman and the Committee shall hold meetings, subject to the By-Laws of the Company, at such times and places as it shall deem advisable. A majority of the Committee members shall constitute a quorum. All determinations of the Committee shall be made by a 
 12 

majority of its members. Any decision or determination reduced to writing and signed by all the Committee members in accordance with the By-Laws of the Company, shall be fully as effective as if it had been made by a vote at a meeting duly called and held. The Committee shall keep minutes of its meetings and shall make such rules and regulations for the conduct of its business as it shall deem advisable. 
 3.7 Designation of Consultants Liability . 
 (a) The Committee may designate employees of the Company and professional advisors to assist the Committee in the administration of this Plan and may grant authority to officers to execute agreements or other documents on behalf of the Committee. 
 (b) The Committee may employ such legal counsel, consultants and agents as it may deem desirable for the administration of this Plan and may rely upon any opinion received from any such counsel or consultant and any computation received from any such consultant or agent. Expenses incurred by the Committee in the engagement of any such counsel, consultant or agent shall be paid by the Company. The Committee, its members and any employee of the Company designated pursuant to paragraph (a) above shall not be liable for any action or determination made in good faith with respect to this Plan. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, no officer of the Company or member or former member of the Committee shall be liable for any action or determination made in good faith with respect to this Plan or any Award granted under it. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law or the Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws of the Company and to the extent not covered by insurance, each officer and member or former member of the Committee shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company against any cost or expense (including reasonable fees of counsel reasonably acceptable to the Company) or liability (including any sum paid in settlement of a claim with the approval of the Company), and advanced amounts necessary to pay the foregoing at the earliest time and to the fullest extent permitted, arising out of any act or omission to act in connection with this Plan, except to the extent arising out of such officer's, member's or former member's own fraud or bad faith. Such indemnification shall be in addition to any rights of indemnification the officers, directors or members or former officers, directors or members may have under applicable law or under the Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws of the Company or any Affiliate. Notwithstanding anything else herein, this indemnification will not apply to the actions or determinations made by an individual with regard to Awards granted to him or her under this Plan. 
 13 

ARTICLE IV 
 SHARE AND OTHER LIMITATIONS 
 4.1 Shares . 
 (a) General Limitation . The aggregate number of shares of Common Stock which may be issued or used for reference purposes under this Plan or with respect to which Equity Awards may be granted shall not exceed 10,962,500 shares of Common Stock (subject to any increase or decrease pursuant to Section 4.2) with respect to all types of Equity Awards (such aggregate number of shares includes shares already issued pursuant to Equity Awards granted under the Plan since its original inception). The shares of Common Stock available under this Plan may be either authorized and unissued Common Stock or Common Stock held in or acquired for the treasury of the Company. 
 (b) Share Recycling (subject to Section 4.1(c) Limitations on Share Recycling). 
 If any Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right granted under this Plan expires, terminates or is canceled for any reason without having been exercised in full or, with respect to Stock Options, the Company repurchases any Stock Option, the number of shares of Common Stock underlying such unexercised or repurchased Stock Option or any unexercised Stock Appreciation Right shall again be available for the purposes of Equity Awards under this Plan. If any shares of Restricted Stock, Performance Shares, Performance Units, Restricted Stock Units or Stock Units awarded under this Plan to a Participant are forfeited or repurchased by the Company for any reason, the number of forfeited or repurchased shares of Restricted Stock, or shares of Common Stock underlying any Performance Share, Performance Unit, Restricted Stock Unit or Stock Unit Awards shall again be available for the purposes of Equity Awards under this Plan. If a Tandem Stock Appreciation Right is granted or a Limited Stock Appreciation Right is granted in tandem with a Stock Option, such grant shall only apply once against the maximum number of shares of Common Stock which may be issued under this Plan. 
 14 

(c) Limitations on Share Recycling. 
 Notwithstanding anything else herein, (i) the total number of Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights or Other Stock-Based Awards (subject to exercise) that have been exercised, regardless of whether any of the shares of Common Stock underlying such Awards are not actually issued to the Participant as the result of a net settlement, (ii) the total number of shares of Common Stock underlying any stock-settled Stock Appreciation Right that has been exercised regardless of whether a lesser number of shares of Common Stock have been delivered, (iii) any shares of Common Stock used to pay any exercise price on any Award granted under the Plan that is subject to exercise (including, without limitation, any Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights or Other Stock-Based Awards (subject to exercise)) and (iv) any shares of Common Stock used to satisfy tax withholding obligation with respect to any and all Awards granted under the Plan, shall in each case be counted against the limits set forth in Section 4.1(a) and shall no longer be available for purposes of granting Equity Awards under this Plan. In addition, shares of Common Stock repurchased by the Company on the open market using proceeds from the exercise of any Award shall not increase the number of shares available for future grant of Awards hereunder. 
 (d) Individual Participant Limitations . (i) The maximum number of shares of Common Stock subject to any Award of Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Performance Shares or shares of Restricted Stock for which the grant of such Award or the lapse of the relevant Restriction Period is subject to the attainment of Performance Goals in accordance with Section 8.3(a)(ii) herein which may be granted under this Plan during any fiscal year of the Company to each Eligible Employee or Consultant shall be 225,000 shares per type of Award (which shall be subject to any increase or decrease pursuant to Section 4.2), provided that the maximum number of shares of Common Stock for all types of Equity Awards does not exceed 225,000 (which shall be subject to any increase or decrease pursuant to Section 4.2) during any fiscal year of the Company. If a Tandem Stock Appreciation Right is granted or a Limited Stock Appreciation Right is granted in tandem with a Stock Option, it shall apply against the Eligible Employee's or Consultant's individual share limitations for both Stock Appreciation Rights and Stock Options. 
 (ii) There are no annual individual Eligible Employee or Consultant share limitations on Restricted Stock for which the grant of such Award or the lapse of the relevant Restriction Period is not subject to attainment of Performance Goals in accordance with Section 8.3(a)(ii) hereof. 
 (iii) Performance Units payable solely in cash shall be deemed to be cash incentive awards subject to the limitation in Section 4.1(d)(v), and Performance Units payable in cash or in shares of Common Stock shall be subject to the limitation in Section 4.1(d)(i) unless the Committee has, no later than the time performance goals are specified for the Performance Units, designated such Performance Units as cash incentive awards 
 15 

potentially settleable in shares, in which case the Performance Units shall be subject to the limitation in Section 4.1(d)(v). 
 (iv) The individual Participant limitations set forth in this Section 4.1(d)(i) (iv) shall be cumulative that is, to the extent that shares of Common Stock for which Equity Awards are permitted to be granted to an Eligible Employee or a Consultant during a fiscal year are not covered by an Award to such Eligible Employee or Consultant in a fiscal year, the number of shares of Common Stock available for Equity Awards to such Eligible Employee or Consultant shall automatically increase in the subsequent fiscal years during the term of the Plan until used. 
 (v) The maximum potential amount earnable under all cash incentive Awards granted under this Plan for any fiscal year of the Company to each Eligible Employee shall be such Eligible Employee s Annual Limit, which in each fiscal year shall be 4 million plus the amount of the Eligible Person's unused Annual Limit as of the close of the previous fiscal year. This limitation is separate and not affected by the number of Awards granted during such fiscal year subject to the limitations under Section 4.1(d)(i) (iv). For this purpose, (i) the potential amount earnable means the maximum amount potentially payable, without regard to whether it is to be paid currently or on a deferred basis or continues to be subject to any service requirement or other non-performance condition, (ii) a Participant's Annual Limit is used to the extent an amount may be potentially earned or paid under a cash incentive Award, regardless of whether such amount is in fact earned or paid, and (iii) a cash incentive Award is granted for the earliest fiscal year included in the Performance Cycle for that Award, regardless of whether the terms of the Award do or do not create a legal right on the part of the Participant ultimately to receive a payment with respect to such Award. 
 
 4.2 Changes . 
 (a) The existence of this Plan and the Awards granted hereunder shall not affect in any way the right or power of the Board or the stockholders of the Company to make or authorize any adjustment, recapitalization, reorganization or other change in the Company's capital structure or its business, any merger or consolidation of the Company or any Affiliate, any issue of bonds, debentures, preferred or prior preference stock ahead of or affecting Common Stock, the dissolution or liquidation of the Company or any Affiliate, any sale or transfer of all or part of the assets or business of the Company or any Affiliate or any other corporate act or proceeding. 
 16 

(b) Subject to the provisions of Section 4.2(d), in the event of any such change in the capital structure or business of the Company by reason of any stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, combination or reclassification of shares, recapitalization, or other change in the capital structure of the Company, merger, consolidation, spin-off, reorganization, partial or complete liquidation, issuance of rights or warrants to purchase any Common Stock or securities convertible into Common Stock, or any other corporate transaction or event having an effect similar to any of the foregoing and effected with or without receipt of consideration by the Company, then the aggregate number and kind of shares which thereafter may be issued under this Plan, the number and kind of shares or other property (including cash) to be issued upon exercise of an outstanding Stock Option or other Awards granted under this Plan and the purchase price thereof, the per share performance goals established under any Award, the number and kind of shares to be issued to Non-Employee Directors pursuant to Article XIII, and the individual participation limits set forth in Section 4.1(d) (other than those based on cash limitations) shall be appropriately adjusted consistent with such change in such manner as the Committee deems equitable to prevent substantial dilution or enlargement of the rights granted to, or available for, Participants under this Plan, and any such adjustment shall be final, binding and conclusive on the Company and all Participants and employees and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. In furtherance of the foregoing, each outstanding Award shall confer on the Participant a legal right to an appropriate adjustment of the Award in the event of an equity restructuring within the meaning of FASB ASC Topic 718. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee shall not make any adjustments pursuant to this Section 4.2 that would subject a Participant to additional tax or penalties under Section 409A of the Code, without the Participant s consent. 
 (c) Fractional shares of Common Stock resulting from any adjustment in Options or Awards pursuant to Section 4.2(a) or (b) shall be aggregated until, and eliminated at, the time of exercise by rounding-down for fractions less than one-half and rounding-up for fractions equal to or greater than one-half. No cash settlements shall be made with respect to fractional shares eliminated by rounding. Notice of any adjustment shall be given by the Committee to each Participant whose Award has been adjusted and such adjustment (whether or not such notice is given) shall be effective and binding for all purposes of this Plan. 
 17 

(d) In the event of a merger or consolidation in which the Company is not the surviving entity or in the event of any transaction that results in the acquisition of substantially all of the Company's outstanding Common Stock by a single person or entity or by a group of persons and or entities acting in concert, or in the event of the sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the Company's assets (all of the foregoing being referred to as Acquisition Events ), then the Committee may, in its sole discretion, terminate all outstanding Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights, effective as of the date of the Acquisition Event, by delivering notice of termination to each Participant at least 30 days prior to the date of consummation of the Acquisition Event, in which case during the period from the date on which such notice of termination is delivered to the consummation of the Acquisition Event, each such Participant shall have the right to exercise in full all of his or her Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights that are then outstanding (without regard to any limitations on exercisability otherwise contained in the Stock Option or Award Agreements), but any such exercise shall be contingent upon and subject to the occurrence of the Acquisition Event, and, provided that, if the Acquisition Event does not take place within a specified period after giving such notice for any reason whatsoever, the notice and exercise pursuant thereto shall be null and void. 
 If an Acquisition Event occurs but the Committee does not terminate the outstanding Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights pursuant to this Section 4.2(d), then the provisions of Section 4.2(b) shall apply. 
 4.3 Minimum Purchase Price . Notwithstanding any provision of this Plan to the contrary, if authorized but previously unissued shares of Common Stock are issued under this Plan, such shares shall not be issued for a consideration which is less than as permitted under applicable law. 
 4.4 Assumption of Awards . Awards that were granted prior to the Effective Date under the (i) Comtech Telecommunications Corp. 1982 Incentive Stock Option Plan (the 1982 Plan ), and (ii) the Comtech Telecommunications Corp. 1993 Incentive Stock Option Plan, as amended, shall be transferred and assumed by this Plan as of the Effective Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, such Awards shall continue to be governed by the terms of the applicable agreement in effect prior to the Effective Date. 
 18 

4.5 Minimum Restriction and Vesting Period . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, effective September 21, 2011, with respect to any Award of Restricted Stock, Performance Shares, Performance Units, Restricted Stock Units, or Other Stock-Based Award which by its terms does not require the recipient of the Award to pay a per share exercise price or purchase price equal to the Fair Market Value of the underlying Common Stock at the grant date (collectively, Full-Value Awards ), (i) the Restriction Period with respect to any such Award of Restricted Stock, (ii) the Performance Period with respect to any such Award of Performance Shares, (iii) the Performance Unit Cycle with respect to any such Award of Performance Units and (iv) the vesting period with respect to any such Restricted Stock Unit or any such Other Stock-Based Award that is payable in shares of Common Stock granted on or after such date shall be no less than (A) one year, if the lapsing of restrictions or vesting of the Full-Value Award is based (in whole or in part) on the attainment of one or more Performance Goals, and (B) three years, if the lapsing of restrictions or vesting of the Full-Value Award is based solely on the continued performance of services by the Participant (with the restrictions thereto lapsing or the Full-Value Award becoming vested as to no more than one-third (1 3rd) of the Common Stock subject thereto on each of the first and second anniversaries of the date of grant) provided , that, subject to the terms of the Plan, the Committee may (at the time of grant or thereafter) provide for the earlier lapsing of restrictions or the vesting of the Full-Value Award in the event of a Change of Control or a Participant s Retirement, death or Disability and provided further , that, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 4.1(a), Full-Value Awards with respect to up to five percent (5 of the total number of Shares reserved for Awards under the Plan may be granted that are not subject to the foregoing limitations. 
 4.6 Dividends and Dividend Equivalents . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, any rights granted hereunder to a Participant under an Award granted on or after September 21, 2011 to receive or retain dividends or dividend equivalents with respect to the shares of Common Stock underlying any Full-Value Award (with respect to which the lapsing of the restrictions subject thereto or the vesting thereof is based (in whole or in part) on the attainment of one or more Performance Goals), shall be subject to the same vesting and or forfeiture conditions (performance-based, service-based or otherwise) as are applicable to such Full-Value Award. 
 
 19 

ARTICLE V 
 
 ELIGIBILITY 
 
 5.1 General Eligibility . All Eligible Employees and Consultants and prospective employees of and Consultants to the Company and its Affiliates are eligible to be granted Non-Qualified Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Performance Shares, Performance Units, Restricted Stock Units, Stock Units, Other Stock-Based Awards, awards providing benefits similar to each of the foregoing designed to meet the requirements of Foreign Jurisdictions under this Plan, and cash incentive Awards. Eligibility for the grant of an Award and actual participation in this Plan shall be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. The vesting and exercise of Awards granted to a prospective employee or Consultant are conditioned upon such individual actually becoming an Eligible Employee or Consultant. 
 
 5.2 Incentive Stock Options . All Eligible Employees of the Company, its Subsidiaries and its Parent (if any) are eligible to be granted Incentive Stock Options under this Plan. Eligibility for the grant of an Award and actual participation in this Plan shall be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. 
 5.3 Non-Employee Directors . Non-Employee Directors are only eligible to receive an Award of Stock Options, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units and Stock Units in accordance with Article XIII of the Plan. 
 5.4 Service Recipient Stock . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Option or SAR under which a Participant may receive Common Stock may be granted under the Plan to an Eligible Employee, prospective employee, Consultant or Non-Employee Director of the Company or any of its Affiliates if such Common Stock does not constitute service recipient stock for purposes of Section 409A of the Code with respect to such Eligible Employee, prospective employee, Consultant or Non-Employee Director, unless such Option or SAR is structured in a manner intended to comply with, or be exempt from, Section 409A of the Code. 
 20 

ARTICLE VI 
 STOCK OPTIONS 
 6.1 Stock Options . Each Stock Option granted hereunder shall be one of two types (i) an Incentive Stock Option intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 422 of the Code or (ii) a Non-Qualified Stock Option. 
 6.2 Grants . The Committee shall have the authority to grant to any Eligible Employee one or more Incentive Stock Options, Non-Qualified Stock Options or both types of Stock Options (in each case with or without Stock Appreciation Rights). To the extent that any Stock Option does not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option (whether because of its provisions or the time or manner of its exercise or otherwise), such Stock Option or the portion thereof which does not qualify, shall constitute a separate Non-Qualified Stock Option. The Committee shall have the authority to grant any Consultant one or more Non-Qualified Stock Options (with or without Stock Appreciation Rights). Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan to the contrary or any provision in an agreement evidencing the grant of a Stock Option to the contrary, any Stock Option granted to an Eligible Employee of an Affiliate (other than an Affiliate which is a Parent or a Subsidiary) shall be a Non-Qualified Stock Option. 
 6.3 Terms of Stock Options . Stock Options granted under this Plan shall be subject to the following terms and conditions, and shall be in such form and contain such additional terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of this Plan, as the Committee shall deem desirable 
 (a) Exercise Price . The exercise price per share of Common Stock purchasable under a Stock Option shall be determined by the Committee at the time of grant, but shall not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the share of Common Stock at the time of grant provided, however, that if an Incentive Stock Option is granted to a Ten Percent Stockholder, the exercise price shall be no less than 110 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock. 
 (b) Stock Option Term . The term of each Stock Option shall be fixed by the Committee provided, however, that no Stock Option shall be exercisable more than 10 years after the date such Stock Option is granted and further provided that the term of an Incentive Stock Option granted to a Ten Percent Stockholder shall not exceed 5 years. 
 21 

(c) Exercisability . Stock Options shall be exercisable at such time or times and subject to such terms and conditions as shall be determined by the Committee at grant. If the Committee provides, in its discretion, that any Stock Option is exercisable subject to certain limitations (including, without limitation, that such Stock Option is exercisable only in installments or within certain time periods), the Committee may waive such limitations on the exercisability at any time at or after grant in whole or in part (including, without limitation, waiver of the installment exercise provisions or acceleration of the time at which such Stock Option may be exercised), based on such factors, if any, as the Committee shall determine, in its sole discretion. 
 (d) Method of Exercise . Subject to whatever installment exercise and waiting period provisions apply under subsection (c) above, Stock Options may be exercised in whole or in part at any time and from time to time during the Stock Option term by giving written notice of exercise to the Secretary of the Company specifying the number of shares to be purchased. Such notice shall be accompanied by payment in full of the purchase price as follows (i) in cash or by check, bank draft or money order payable to the order of the Company (ii) to the extent permitted by law, if the Common Stock is traded on a national securities exchange, The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC or quoted on a national quotation system sponsored by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, through a cashless exercise procedure whereby the Participant delivers irrevocable instructions to a broker satisfactory to the Company to deliver promptly to the Company an amount equal to the purchase price or (iii) on such other terms and conditions as may be acceptable to the Committee (including, without limitation, the relinquishment of Stock Options or by payment in full or in part in the form of Common Stock owned by the Participant (and for which the Participant has good title free and clear of any liens and encumbrances) based on the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the payment date as determined by the Committee). No shares of Common Stock shall be issued until payment therefore, as provided herein, has been made or provided for. 
 (e) Incentive Stock Option Limitations . To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined as of the time of grant) of the Common Stock with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by an Eligible Employee during any calendar year under this Plan and or any other stock option plan of the Company, any Subsidiary or any Parent exceeds 100,000, such Options shall be treated as Non-Qualified Stock Options. In addition, if an Eligible Employee does not remain employed by the Company, any Subsidiary or any Parent at all times from the time an Incentive Stock Option is granted until 3 months prior to the date of exercise thereof (or such other period as required by applicable law), such Stock Option shall be treated as a Non-Qualified Stock Option. Should any provision of this Plan not be necessary in order for the Stock Options to qualify as Incentive Stock Options, or should any additional provisions be required, the Committee may amend this Plan accordingly, without the necessity of obtaining the approval of the stockholders of the Company. 
 22 

(f) Form, Modification, Extension and Renewal of Stock Options . Subject to the terms and conditions and within the limitations of this Plan, Stock Options shall be evidenced by such form of agreement or grant as is approved by the Committee, and the Committee may (i) modify, extend or renew outstanding Stock Options granted under this Plan provided that the rights of a Participant are not reduced without his consent provided further, that any such modification, extension or renewal is intended to be structured to comply with Section 409A of the Code, to the extent applicable, and (ii) accept the surrender of outstanding Stock Options (up to the extent not theretofore exercised) and authorize the granting of new Stock Options in substitution therefor (to the extent not theretofore exercised). Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless approved by stockholders of the Company, (i) an outstanding Option or SAR may not be modified to reduce the exercise price thereof, (ii) no new Option or SAR at a lower exercise price or base price may be substituted for a surrendered Option or SAR, and (iii) no other Award may be issued or cash may be paid in exchange for the surrender of an Option or SAR at a time that the exercise or base price of such Option or SAR exceeds the current Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock or if such new Award or cash has a value in excess of the then in-the-money value of the surrendered Option or SAR, provided that adjustments or substitutions in accordance with Section 4.2 are not subject to this stockholder approval requirement. 
 (g) Other Terms and Conditions . Stock Options may contain such other provisions, which shall not be inconsistent with any of the terms of this Plan, as the Committee shall deem appropriate provided, however, that Stock Options shall not provide for the automatic grant of the same number of Stock Options as the number of shares of Common Stock used to pay for the exercise price of Stock Options or shares of Common Stock used to pay withholding taxes i.e. , reloads ). 
 (h) Detrimental Activity . Unless otherwise determined by the Committee at grant, (i) in the event the Participant engages in Detrimental Activity prior to any exercise of the Stock Option, all Stock Options (whether vested or unvested) held by the Participant shall thereupon terminate and expire, (ii) as a condition of the exercise of a Stock Option, the Participant shall be required to certify (or shall be deemed to have certified) at the time of exercise in a manner acceptable to the Company that the Participant is in compliance with the terms and conditions of the Plan and that the Participant has not engaged in, and does not intend to engage in, any Detrimental Activity, and (iii) in the event the Participant engages in Detrimental Activity during the one year period following the later of (x) Participant's Termination of Employment or (y) the date the Stock Option is exercised, that any Stock Options shall be immediately forfeited (whether or not then vested) and the Company shall be entitled to recover from the Participant at any time within one year after the later of (x) or (y), and the Participant shall pay over to the Company, an amount equal to any gain realized as a result of the exercise of any Stock Options (whether at the time of exercise or thereafter). 
 
 23 

ARTICLE VII 
 STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS 
 7.1 Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights . Stock Appreciation Rights may be granted in conjunction with all or part of any Stock Option (a Reference Stock Option granted under this Plan Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights ). In the case of a Non-Qualified Stock Option, such rights may be granted either at or after the time of the grant of such Reference Stock Option. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option, such rights may be granted only at the time of the grant of such Reference Stock Option. Consultants shall not be eligible for a grant of Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights granted in conjunction with all or part of an Incentive Stock Option. 
 7.2 Terms and Conditions of Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights . Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights shall be subject to such terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the provisions of this Plan, as shall be determined from time to time by the Committee, including Article XII and the following 
 (a) Term . A Tandem Stock Appreciation Right or applicable portion thereof granted with respect to a Reference Stock Option shall terminate and no longer be exercisable upon the termination or exercise of the Reference Stock Option, except that, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion, at the time of grant, a Tandem Stock Appreciation Right granted with respect to less than the full number of shares covered by the Reference Stock Option shall not be reduced until and then only to the extent the exercise or termination of the Reference Stock Option causes the number of shares covered by the Tandem Stock Appreciation Right to exceed the number of shares remaining available and unexercised under the Reference Stock Option. 
 (b) Exercisability . Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights shall be exercisable only at such time or times and to the extent that the Reference Stock Options to which they relate shall be exercisable in accordance with the provisions of Article VI and this Article VII. 
 (c) Method of Exercise . A Tandem Stock Appreciation Right may be exercised by a Participant by surrendering the applicable portion of the Reference Stock Option. Upon such exercise and surrender, the Participant shall be entitled to receive an amount determined in the manner prescribed in this Section 7.2. Stock Options which have been so surrendered, in whole or in part, shall no longer be exercisable to the extent the related Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights have been exercised. 
 (d) Payment . Upon the exercise of a Tandem Stock Appreciation Right, a Participant shall be entitled to receive up to, but no more than, an amount in Common Stock equal in value to the excess of the Fair Market Value of one share of Common Stock over the option price per share specified in the Reference Stock 
 24 

Option, multiplied by the number of shares in respect of which the Tandem Stock Appreciation Right shall have been exercised. 
 (e) Deemed Exercise of Reference Stock Option . Upon the exercise of a Tandem Stock Appreciation Right, the Reference Stock Option or part thereof to which such Stock Appreciation Right is related shall be deemed to have been exercised for the purpose of the limitation set forth in Article IV of this Plan on the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued under this Plan. 
 (f) Detrimental Activity . Unless otherwise determined by the Committee at grant, (i) in the event the Participant engages in Detrimental Activity prior to any exercise of Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights, all Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights (whether vested or unvested) held by the Participant shall thereupon terminate and expire, (ii) as a condition of the exercise of a Tandem Stock Appreciation Right, the Participant shall be required to certify (or shall be deemed to have certified) at the time of exercise in a manner acceptable to the Company that the Participant is in compliance with the terms and conditions of the Plan and that the Participant has not engaged in, and does not intend to engage in, any Detrimental Activity, and (iii) in the event the Participant engages in Detrimental Activity during the one year period following the later of (x) Participant's Termination of Employment or (y) the date the Tandem Stock Appreciation Right is exercised, that any Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights shall be immediately forfeited (whether or not then vested) and the Company shall be entitled to recover from the Participant at any time within one year after the later of (x) or (y), and the Participant shall pay over to the Company, an amount equal to any gain realized as a result of the exercise (whether at the time of exercise or thereafter). 
 7.3 Non-Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights . Non-Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights may also be granted without reference to any Stock Option granted under this Plan. 
 7.4 Terms and Conditions of Non-Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights . Non-Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights shall be subject to such terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the provisions of this Plan, as shall be determined from time to time by the Committee, including Article XII and the following 
 (a) Term . The term of each Non-Tandem Stock Appreciation Right shall be fixed by the Committee, but shall not be greater than ten (10) years after the date the right is granted. 
 (b) Exercisability . Non-Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights shall be exercisable at such time or times and subject to such terms and conditions as shall be determined by the Committee at grant. If the Committee provides, in its discretion, that any such right is exercisable subject to certain limitations (including, without limitation, that it is exercisable only in installments or within certain time periods), the Committee may waive such limitation on the exercisability at any time at or after grant in whole or in part (including, without limitation, waiver of the installment 
 25 

exercise provisions or acceleration of the time at which rights may be exercised), based on such factors, if any, as the Committee shall determine, in its sole discretion. 
 (c) Method of Exercise . Subject to whatever installment exercise and waiting period provisions apply under subsection (b) above, Non-Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights may be exercised in whole or in part at any time and from time to time during the term, by giving written notice of exercise to the Company specifying the number of Non-Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights to be exercised. 
 (d) Payment . Upon the exercise of a Non-Tandem Stock Appreciation Right a Participant shall be entitled to receive, for each right exercised, up to, but no more than, an amount in cash and or Common Stock (as chosen by the Committee in its sole discretion at grant, or thereafter if no rights of a Participant are reduced) equal in value to the excess of the Fair Market Value of one share of Common Stock on the date the right is exercised over the Fair Market Value of one share of Common Stock on the date the right was awarded to the Participant provided, that if payment is made in cash such payment shall be structured to comply with Section 409A of the Code, to the extent applicable. 
 (e) Detrimental Activity . Unless otherwise determined by the Committee at grant, (i) in the event the Participant engages in Detrimental Activity prior to any exercise of Non-Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights, all Non-Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights (whether vested or unvested) held by the Participant shall thereupon terminate and expire, (ii) as a condition of the exercise of a Tandem Stock Appreciation Right, the Participant shall be required to certify (or shall be deemed to have certified) at the time of exercise in a manner acceptable to the Company that the Participant is in compliance with the terms and conditions of the Plan and that the Participant has not engaged in, and does not intend to engage in, any Detrimental Activity, and (iii) in the event the Participant engages in Detrimental Activity during the one year period following the later of (x) Participant's Termination of Employment or (y) the date the Non-Tandem Stock Appreciation Right is exercised, that any Non-Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights shall be immediately forfeited (whether or not then vested) and the Company shall be entitled to recover from the Participant at any time within one year after the later of (x) or (y), and the Participant shall pay over to the Company, an amount equal to any gain realized as a result of the exercise (whether at the time of exercise or thereafter). 
 7.5 Limited Stock Appreciation Rights . The Committee may, in its sole discretion, grant a Tandem Stock Appreciation Right or a Non-Tandem Stock Appreciation Right as a Limited Stock Appreciation Right. Limited Stock Appreciation Rights may be exercised only upon the occurrence of a Change in Control or such other event as the Committee may, in its sole discretion, designate at the time of grant or thereafter. Upon the exercise of limited Stock Appreciation Rights, except as otherwise provided in an Award agreement, the Participant shall receive in cash or Common Stock, as determined by the Committee, an amount equal to the amount (i) set forth in Section 7.2(d) with respect to Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights, or (ii) set forth in Section 7.4(d) with respect to Non-Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights, as applicable. 
 26 

ARTICLE VIII 
 RESTRICTED STOCK 
 8.1 Awards of Restricted Stock . Shares of Restricted Stock may be issued to Eligible Employees or Consultants either alone or in addition to other Awards granted under this Plan. The Committee shall determine the eligible persons to whom, and the time or times at which, grants of Restricted Stock will be made, the number of shares to be awarded, the price (if any) to be paid by the recipient (subject to Section 8.2), the time or times within which such Awards may be subject to forfeiture, the vesting schedule and rights to acceleration thereof, and all other terms and conditions of the Awards. The Committee may condition the grant or vesting of Restricted Stock upon the attainment of specified performance goals, including established Performance Goals in accordance with Section 162(m) of the Code, or such other factors as the Committee may determine, in its sole discretion. 
 8.2 Awards and Certificates . An Eligible Employee or Consultant selected to receive Restricted Stock shall not have any rights with respect to such Award, unless and until such Participant has delivered to the Company a fully executed copy of the applicable Award agreement relating thereto and has otherwise complied with the applicable terms and conditions of such Award. Further, such Award shall be subject to the following conditions 
 (a) Purchase Price . The purchase price of Restricted Stock shall be fixed by the Committee. Subject to Section 4.3, the purchase price for shares of Restricted Stock may be zero to the extent permitted by applicable law, and, to the extent not so permitted, such purchase price may not be less than par value. 
 (b) Acceptance . Awards of Restricted Stock must be accepted within a period of 90 days (or such shorter period as the Committee may specify at grant) after the Award date by executing a Restricted Stock Award agreement and by paying whatever price (if any) the Committee has designated thereunder. 
 (c) Legend . Each Participant receiving shares of Restricted Stock shall be issued a stock certificate in respect of such shares of Restricted Stock, unless the Committee elects to use another system, such as book entries by the transfer agent, as evidencing ownership of shares of Restricted Stock. Such certificate shall be registered in the name of such Participant, and shall bear an appropriate legend referring to the terms, conditions, and restrictions applicable to such Award, substantially in the following form 
 The anticipation, alienation, attachment, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance or charge of the shares of stock represented hereby are subject to the terms and conditions (including forfeiture) of The Comtech Telecommunications Corp. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan and an Agreement entered into 
 27 

between the registered owner and the Company dated _______. Copies of such Plan and Agreement are on file at the principal office of the Company. 
 (d) Custody . The Committee may require that any stock certificates evidencing such shares be held in custody by the Company until the restrictions thereon shall have lapsed and that, as a condition to the grant of such Award of Restricted Stock, the Participant shall have delivered a duly signed stock power, endorsed in blank, relating to the Common Stock covered by such Award. 
 8.3 Restrictions and Conditions on Restricted Stock Awards . Subject to Section 4.5, shares of Restricted Stock awarded pursuant to this Plan shall be subject to Article XII and the following restrictions and conditions 
 (a) Restriction Period Vesting and Acceleration of Vesting . (i) The Participant shall not be permitted to Transfer shares of Restricted Stock awarded under this Plan during the period or periods set by the Committee (the Restriction Period commencing on the date of such Award, as set forth in the Restricted Stock Award agreement and such agreement shall set forth a vesting schedule and any events which would accelerate vesting of the shares of Restricted Stock. Within these limits, based on service, attainment of Performance Goals pursuant to Section 8.3(a)(ii) below and or such other factors or criteria as the Committee may determine in its sole discretion, the Committee may provide for the lapse of such restrictions in installments in whole or in part, or may accelerate the vesting of all or any part of any Restricted Stock Award and or waive the deferral limitations for all or any part of any Restricted Stock Award. 
 (ii) Objective Performance Goals, Formulae or Standards . If the grant of shares of Restricted Stock or the lapse of restrictions is based on the attainment of Performance Goals, the Committee shall establish the Performance Goals and the applicable vesting percentage of the Restricted Stock Award applicable to each Participant or class of Participants in writing prior to the beginning of the applicable fiscal year or at such later date as otherwise determined by the Committee and while the outcome of the Performance Goals are substantially uncertain. Such Performance Goals may incorporate provisions for disregarding (or adjusting for) changes in accounting methods, corporate transactions (including, without limitation, dispositions and acquisitions) and other similar type events or circumstances. With regard to a Restricted Stock Award that is intended to comply with Section 162(m) of the Code, to the extent any such provision would create impermissible discretion under Section 162(m) of the Code or otherwise violate Section 162(m) of the Code, such provision shall be of no force or effect. The applicable Performance Goals shall be based on one or more of the Performance Criteria set forth in Exhibit A hereto. 
 28 

(b) Rights as Stockholder . Except as provided in this subsection (b) and subsection (a) above and as otherwise determined by the Committee, the Participant shall have, with respect to the shares of Restricted Stock, all of the rights of a holder of shares of Common Stock of the Company including, without limitation, the right to receive any dividends, the right to vote such shares and, subject to and conditioned upon the full vesting of shares of Restricted Stock, the right to tender such shares. The Committee may, in its sole discretion, determine at the time of grant that the payment of dividends shall be deferred until, and conditioned upon, the expiration of the applicable Restriction Period. 
 (c) Lapse of Restrictions . If and when the Restriction Period expires without a prior forfeiture of the Restricted Stock subject to such Restriction Period, the certificates for such shares shall be delivered to the Participant. All legends shall be removed from said certificates at the time of delivery to the Participant except as otherwise required by applicable law. 
 (d) Detrimental Activity . Unless otherwise determined by the Committee at grant, each Award of Restricted Stock shall provide that in the event the Participant engages in Detrimental Activity prior to, or during the one year period following the later of Termination of Employment or any vesting of Restricted Stock, the Committee may direct (at any time within one year thereafter) that all unvested Restricted Stock shall be immediately forfeited to the Company and that the Participant shall pay over to the Company an amount equal to the gain realized at the time of vesting of any Restricted Stock. 
 ARTICLE IX 
 PERFORMANCE SHARES 
 9.1 Award of Performance Shares . Performance Shares may be awarded either alone or in addition to other Awards granted under this Plan. Subject to Section 4.5, the Committee shall, in its sole discretion, determine the Eligible Employees and Consultants to whom and the time or times at which such Performance Shares shall be awarded, the duration of the period (the Performance Period during which, and the conditions under which, a Participant's right to Performance Shares will be vested and the other terms and conditions of the Award in addition to those set forth in Section 9.2. 
 Each Performance Share awarded shall be referenced to one share of Common Stock. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Committee shall condition the right to payment of any Performance Share Award upon the attainment of objective Performance Goals established pursuant to Section 9.2(c) below and such other non-performance based factors or criteria as the Committee may determine in its sole discretion. 
 29 

9.2 Terms and Conditions . A Participant selected to receive Performance Shares shall not have any rights with respect to such Awards, unless and until such Participant has delivered a fully executed copy of a Performance Share Award agreement evidencing the Award to the Company and has otherwise complied with the following terms and conditions 
 (a) Earning of Performance Share Award . At the expiration of the applicable Performance Period, the Committee shall determine the extent to which the Performance Goals established pursuant to Section 9.2(c) are achieved and the percentage of each Performance Share Award that has been earned. 
 (b) Payment . Following the Committee's determination in accordance with subsection (a) above, shares of Common Stock or, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, the cash equivalent of such shares shall be delivered to the Participant, in an amount equal to such Participant's earned Performance Share Award. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as may be set forth in the agreement covering the Award, the Committee may, in its sole discretion and in accordance with Section 162(m) of the Code, award an amount less than the earned Performance Share Award and or subject the payment of all or part of any Performance Share Award to additional vesting and forfeiture conditions as it deems appropriate. 
 (c) Objective Performance Goals, Formulae or Standards . The Committee shall establish the objective Performance Goals for the earning of Performance Shares based on a Performance Period applicable to each Participant or class of Participants in writing prior to the beginning of the applicable Performance Period or at such later date as permitted under Section 162(m) of the Code and while the outcome of the Performance Goals are substantially uncertain. Such Performance Goals may incorporate, if and only to the extent permitted under Section 162(m) of the Code, provisions for disregarding (or adjusting for) changes in accounting methods, corporate transactions (including, without limitation, dispositions and acquisitions) and other similar type events or circumstances. To the extent any such provision would create impermissible discretion under Section 162(m) of the Code or otherwise violate Section 162(m) of the Code, such provision shall be of no force or effect. The applicable Performance Goals shall be based on one or more of the Performance Criteria set forth in Exhibit A hereto. 
 30 

(d) Dividends and Other Distributions . At the time of any Award of Performance Shares, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, award an Eligible Employee or Consultant the right to receive the cash value of any dividends and other distributions that would have been received as though the Eligible Employee or Consultant had held each share of Common Stock referenced by the earned Performance Share Award from such date as the Committee may specify (but not earlier than the beginning of the Performance Period) until the actual distribution to such Participant of the related share of Common Stock or cash value thereof. Such amounts, if awarded, shall be paid to the Participant as and when the shares of Common Stock or cash value thereof are distributed to such Participant and, at the discretion of the Committee, may be paid with interest from the applicable dividend payment date until such amounts and any earnings thereon are distributed. The applicable rate of interest shall be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion provided, however, that for each fiscal year or part thereof, the applicable interest rate shall not be greater than the Treasury Rate. Alternatively, the Committee may provide that any cash dividend equivalents shall be converted to additional Performance Shares as of the applicable dividend payment date, to be settled by delivery of shares of Common Stock or cash value thereof. 
 (e) Detrimental Activity . Unless otherwise determined by the Committee at grant, each Award of Performance Shares shall provide that in the event the Participant engages in Detrimental Activity prior to, or during the one year period following the later of Termination of Employment or any vesting of Performance Shares, the Committee may direct (at any time within one year thereafter) that all unvested Performance Shares shall be immediately forfeited to the Company and that the Participant shall pay over to the Company an amount equal to the gain realized at the time of vesting of any Performance Shares. 
 ARTICLE X 
 CASH INCENTIVE AWARDS AND PERFORMANCE UNITS 
 10.1 Cash Incentive Awards . Cash incentive Awards may be awarded either alone or in addition to other Awards granted under this Plan. The Committee shall, in its sole discretion, determine the Eligible Employees and Consultants to whom and the time or times at which such cash incentive Awards shall be awarded, the duration of the period (the Performance Cycle during which, and the conditions under which, a Participant shall earn the cash incentive Award and the other terms and conditions of the Award in addition to those set forth in Section 10.3. Cash incentive Awards granted with a Performance Cycle of one year shall be designated as Annual Incentive Awards. 
 Cash incentive Awards shall be awarded in a dollar amount or a formula that will ultimately yield a dollar amount, as determined by the Committee. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Committee shall condition the right to payment of any cash incentive Award upon the attainment of at least one objective Performance Goal established pursuant to Section 10.3(a) and such other factors or criteria as the Committee may determine in its sole discretion. 
 31 

Cash incentive Awards under this Section 10.1 may be settled and paid only if stockholders of the Company previously have approved the amendment and restatement of the Plan containing the authorization of cash incentive Awards in this Section 10.1. 
 10.2 Awards of Performance Units . Performance Units may be awarded either alone or in addition to other Awards granted under this Plan. Subject to Section 4.5, the Committee shall, in its sole discretion, determine the Eligible Employees and Consultants to whom and the time or times at which such Performance Units shall be awarded, the duration of the period (the Performance Unit Cycle during which, and the conditions under which, a Participant's right to Performance Units will be vested and the other terms and conditions of the Award in addition to those set forth in Section 10.3. 
 Performance Units shall be awarded in a dollar amount determined by the Committee and shall be converted to a referenced number of shares of Common Stock based on the Fair Market Value of shares of Common Stock at the conversion date designated by the Committee (such designation may occur at any time, but no conversion may reference a market price from a date preceding the designation date). 
 Upon conversion, each Performance Unit shall be referenced to one share of Common Stock. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Committee shall condition the right to payment of any Performance Unit Award upon the attainment of objective Performance Goals established pursuant to Section 10.3(a) and such other non-performance based factors or criteria as the Committee may determine in its sole discretion. The cash value of any fractional Performance Unit Award subsequent to conversion to shares of Common Stock shall be treated as a dividend or other distribution under Section 10.3(e) to the extent any portion of the Performance Unit Award is earned. 
 10.3 Terms and Conditions . The cash incentive Awards or Performance Units awarded pursuant to this Article X shall be subject to the following terms and conditions 
 (a) Performance Goals . The Committee shall establish the objective Performance Goal or Goals for the earning of cash incentive Awards or Performance Units based on a Performance Cycle or Performance Unit Cycle applicable to each Participant or class of Participants in writing prior to the beginning of the applicable Performance Cycle or Performance Unit Cycle or at such later date as permitted under Section 162(m) of the Code and while the outcome of the Performance Goal or Goals is substantially uncertain. Such Performance Goals may incorporate, if and only to the extent permitted under Section 162(m) of the Code, provisions for disregarding (or adjusting for) changes in accounting methods, corporate transactions (including, without limitation, dispositions and acquisitions) and other similar type events or circumstances. To the extent any such provision would create impermissible discretion under Section 162(m) of the Code or otherwise violate Section 162(m) of the Code, such provision shall be of no force or effect. The applicable Performance Goals shall be based on one or more of the Performance Criteria set forth in Exhibit A hereto. 
 32 

(b) Vesting . At the expiration of the Performance Cycle or Performance Unit Cycle, the Committee shall determine and certify in writing the extent to which the Performance Goals have been achieved, and the corresponding extent to which a cash incentive Award or a Performance Unit has been earned in respect of each Participant. 
 (c) Payment . Subject to the applicable provisions of the Award agreement and this Plan, at the expiration of the Performance Cycle or Performance Unit Cycle or any vesting period extending beyond the Performance Cycle or Performance Unit Cycle, cash or, with respect to Performance Units, shares of Common Stock (as the Committee may determine in its sole discretion at grant, or thereafter if no rights of a Participant are reduced), shall be delivered to the Participant in payment of any earned and vested cash incentive Award or any earned and vested Performance Units covered by the Performance Unit Award. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as may be set forth in the agreement covering the Award, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, and to the extent applicable and permitted under Section 162(m) of the Code, award an amount less than the earned cash incentive Award or earned Performance Unit Award and or subject the payment of all or part of any such Award to additional vesting and forfeiture conditions or conditions mandating the deferral of settlement of the Award as it deems appropriate. If an Award is deferred such Award shall not increase (between the date on which the Award is credited to any deferred compensation program applicable to such Participant and the payment date) by an amount that would result in such deferral being deemed as an increase in the amount of compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code. 
 (d) Accelerated Vesting . Subject to Section 4.5, based on service, performance and or such other factors or criteria, if any, as the Committee may determine, the Committee may, at or after grant, accelerate the date of earning or vesting of all or any part of any cash incentive Award or Performance Unit Award and or waive the deferral limitations for all or any part of such Award, except that no acceleration or waiver may affect the time of settlement of an Award that constitutes a deferral of compensation under Section 409A of the Code except as permitted under applicable regulations and guidance under Section 409A. 
 33 

(e) Dividends and Other Distributions . At the time of any Award of Performance Units, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, award an Eligible Employee or Consultant the right to receive the cash value of any dividends and other distributions that would have been received as though the Eligible Employee or Consultant had held each share of Common Stock referenced by the earned Performance Unit Award from such date as the Committee may specify (but not earlier than the beginning of the Performance Cycle or Performance Unit Cycle) until the actual distribution to such Participant of the related share of Common Stock or cash value thereof. Such amounts, if awarded, shall be paid to the Participant as and when the shares of Common Stock or cash value thereof are distributed to such Participant and, at the discretion of the Committee, may be paid with interest from the applicable dividend payment date until such amounts and any earnings thereon are distributed. The applicable rate of interest shall be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion provided, however, that for each fiscal year or part thereof, the applicable interest rate shall not be greater than the Treasury Rate. 
 (f) Detrimental Activity . Unless otherwise determined by the Committee at grant, each Award of Performance Units shall provide that in the event the Participant engages in Detrimental Activity prior to, or during the one year period following the later of Termination of Employment or any vesting of Performance Units, the Committee may direct (at any time within one year thereafter) that all unvested Performance Units shall be immediately forfeited to the Company and that the Participant shall pay over to the Company an amount equal to the gain realized at the time of vesting of any Performance Units which had vested in the period referred to above. 
 34 

ARTICLE XI 
 OTHER STOCK-BASED AWARDS 
 11.1 Other Awards . Other Stock-Based Awards (including, without limitation, Restricted Stock Units and Stock Units) may be granted either alone or in addition to or in tandem with Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Performance Shares or Performance Units. 
 Subject to the provisions of this Plan, the Committee shall have authority to determine the persons to whom and the time or times at which such Awards shall be made, the number of shares of Common Stock to be awarded pursuant to such Awards, and all other conditions of the Awards. The Committee may also provide for the grant of Common Stock under such Awards upon the completion of a specified performance period. 
 11.2 Terms and Conditions . Subject to Section 4.5, Other Stock-Based Awards made pursuant to this Article XI shall be subject to the following terms and conditions 
 (a) Non-Transferability . Subject to the applicable provisions of the Award agreement and this Plan, shares of Common Stock subject to Awards made under this Article XI may not be Transferred prior to the date on which the shares are issued, or, if later, the date on which any applicable restriction, performance or deferral period lapses. 
 (b) Dividends . Unless otherwise determined by the Committee at the time of Award, subject to the provisions of the Award agreement and this Plan, the recipient of an Award under this Article XI shall be entitled to receive, currently or on a deferred basis, dividends or dividend equivalents with respect to the number of shares of Common Stock covered by the Award, as determined at the time of the Award by the Committee, in its sole discretion. Dividend equivalents shall confer upon the recipient the right to be credited, as of dividend payment dates, with the equivalent value (in cash or shares) of any dividends and other distributions that would have been received as though the Eligible Employee or Consultant had held each share of Common Stock referenced by the Award under this Article XI from such date as the Committee may specify (but not earlier than the Grant Date of the Award) until the date such Award vests, is distributed or expires. Dividend equivalents accrued as a cash obligation and to be paid to the Participant after the dividend payment date may, at the discretion of the Committee, be paid with interest from the applicable dividend payment date until such amounts and any earnings thereon are distributed. The applicable rate of interest shall be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion provided, however, that for each fiscal year or part thereof, the applicable interest rate shall not be greater than the Treasury Rate. Alternatively, the Committee may provide any cash dividend equivalents shall be converted to additional Other Stock-Based Awards as of the applicable dividend payment date, to be settled by delivery of shares of Common Stock or cash value thereof. 
 35 

(c) Vesting . Any Award under this Article XI and any Common Stock covered by any such Award shall vest or be forfeited to the extent so provided in the Award agreement, as determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion. 
 (d) Waiver of Limitation . The Committee may, in its sole discretion, waive in whole or in part any or all of the limitations imposed hereunder (if any) with respect to any or all of an Award under this Article XI. 
 (e) Price . Common Stock or Other Stock-Based Awards issued on a bonus basis under this Article XI may be issued for no cash consideration Common Stock or Other Stock-Based Awards purchased pursuant to a purchase right awarded under this Article XI shall be priced as determined by the Committee. Subject to Section 4.3, the purchase price of shares of Common Stock or Other Stock-Based Awards may be zero to the extent permitted by applicable law, and, to the extent not so permitted, such purchase price may not be less than par value. The purchase of shares of Common Stock or Other Stock-Based Awards may be made on either an after-tax or pre-tax basis, as determined by the Committee provided, however, that if the purchase is made on a pre-tax basis, such purchase shall be made pursuant to a deferred compensation program established by the Committee, which will be deemed a part of this Plan. 
 (f) Detrimental Activity . Other Stock-Based Awards under this Article XI and any Common Stock covered by any such Award shall be forfeited in the event the Participant engages in Detrimental Activity under such conditions set forth by the Committee in the Award agreement. 
 ARTICLE XII 
 NON-TRANSFERABILITY AND TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT CONSULTANCY 
 12.1 Non-Transferability . Except as otherwise specifically provided by this Section 12.1 and by applicable law, no Award may be Transferred by the Participant other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and any such purported Transfer shall be void and unenforceable against the Company or any of its Affiliates provided, that the designation of a beneficiary shall not constitute a Transfer. 
 
 (a) Each Award, to the extent exercisable, shall be exercisable only by the Participant during the Participant s lifetime, or, if permissible under applicable law, by the Participant s legal guardian or representative. 
 36 

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may in its sole discretion permit Awards (other than Incentive Stock Options) to be transferred by the Participant, without consideration, subject to such rules as the Committee may adopt, to (i) any person who is a Family Member of the Participant (ii) a trust solely for the benefit of the Participant or the Participant s Family Members (iii) a partnership or limited liability company whose only partners or members are the Participant and the Participant s Family Members and where such persons hold more than 50 percent of the voting interests or (iv) any other transferee as may be approved either (A) by the Board or the Committee, or (B) as provided in the applicable Award agreement (each transferee described in clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) above is hereinafter referred to as a Permitted Transferee provided, that the Participant provides the Committee advance written notice describing the terms and conditions of the proposed transfer and the Committee notifies the Participant in writing that such transfer would comply with the requirements of the Plan and provided, further, an Award that is a 409A Covered Award (as defined in Section 17.13(b)) (including, for example, Stock Units or Restricted Stock Units granted to Non-Employee Directors or Share Units or Long-Term Performance Shares granted to Eligible Employees) shall not be transferred more than 30 days prior to the date such Award is settled. 
 (c) The terms of any Award transferred in accordance with Section 12.1(b) shall apply to the Permitted Transferee, and any reference in the Plan or in any applicable Award Agreement to the Participant shall be deemed to refer to the Permitted Transferee (including, but not limited to, the ability to exercise an Award, if applicable), except that (i) no Permitted Transferee shall be entitled to Transfer any Award, other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution (ii) neither the Committee nor the Company shall be required to provide any notice to a Permitted Transferee, whether or not such notice is or would otherwise have been required to be given to the Participant under the Plan or otherwise (iii) the consequences of the Termination of the Participant under the terms of the Plan and the applicable Award agreement shall continue to apply with respect to the transferred Award, including, without limitation, that a Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right shall be exercisable by the Permitted Transferee only to the extent, and for the periods, specified in the Plan and the applicable Award agreement and (iv) any non-competition, non-solicitation, non-disparagement, non-disclosure, or other restrictive covenants contained in any Award agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company or any Affiliate shall continue to apply to the Participant and the consequences of the violation of such covenants shall continue to be applied with respect to the transferred Award, including, without limitation, any forfeiture provisions as may be set forth in the Plan or the applicable Award agreement and the terms of any recoupment or clawback policy of the Company as may be in effect from time to time. 
 
 37 

12.2 Termination of Employment or Termination of Consultancy . The following rules apply with regard to the Termination of Employment or Termination of Consultancy of a Participant 
 (a) Rules Applicable to Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights . Unless otherwise determined by the Committee at grant or, if no rights of the Participant are reduced, thereafter 
 (i) Termination by Reason of Death, Disability or Retirement . If a Participant's Termination of Employment or Termination of Consultancy is by reason of death, Disability or Retirement, all Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights held by such Participant may be exercised, to the extent exercisable at the Participant's Termination of Employment or Termination of Consultancy, by the Participant (or, in the case of death, by the legal representative of the Participant's estate) at any time within a period of one year from the date of such Termination of Employment or Termination of Consultancy, but in no event beyond the expiration of the stated terms of such Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights provided, however, that, in the case of Retirement, if the Participant dies within such exercise period, all unexercised Stock Options and Non-Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights held by such Participant shall thereafter be exercisable, to the extent to which they were exercisable at the time of death, for a period of one year from the date of such death, but in no event beyond the expiration of the stated term of such Stock Options and Non-Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights. 
 (ii) Involuntary Termination Without Cause . If a Participant's Termination of Employment or Termination of Consultancy is by involuntary termination without Cause, all Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights held by such Participant may be exercised, to the extent exercisable at Termination of Employment or Termination of Consultancy, by the Participant at any time within a period of 90 days from the date of such Termination of Employment or Termination of Consultancy, but in no event beyond the expiration of the stated term of such Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights. 
 38 

(iii) Voluntary Termination . If a Participant's Termination of Employment or Termination of Consultancy is voluntary (other than a voluntary termination described in Section 12.2(a)(iv)(B) below), all Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights held by such Participant may be exercised, to the extent exercisable at Termination of Employment or Termination of Consultancy, by the Participant at any time within a period of 30 days from the date of such Termination of Employment or Termination of Consultancy, but in no event beyond the expiration of the stated terms of such Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights. Notwithstanding the foregoing, effective for Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights granted on or after October 19, 2000, if a Participant's Termination of Employment or Termination of Consultancy is voluntary, all Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights held by such Participant shall thereupon terminate and expire as of the date of such Termination of Employment or Termination of Consultancy. 
 (iv) Termination for Cause . If a Participant's Termination of Employment or Termination of Consultancy (A) is for Cause or (B) is a voluntary termination (as provided in subsection (iii) above) within 90 days after an event which would be grounds for a Termination of Employment or Termination of Consultancy for Cause, all Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights held by such Participant shall thereupon terminate and expire as of the date of such Termination of Employment or Termination of Consultancy. 
 (b) Rules Applicable to Restricted Stock . Subject to the applicable provisions of the Restricted Stock Award agreement and this Plan, upon a Participant's Termination of Employment or Termination of Consultancy for any reason during the relevant Restriction Period, all Restricted Stock still subject to restriction will vest or be forfeited in accordance with the terms and conditions established by the Committee at grant or thereafter. 
 (c) Rules Applicable to Performance Shares and Performance Units . Subject to the applicable provisions of the Award agreement and this Plan, upon a Participant's Termination of Employment or Termination of Consultancy for any reason during the Performance Period, the Performance Unit Cycle or other period or restriction as may be applicable for a given Award, the Performance Shares or Performance Units in question will vest (to the extent applicable and to the extent permissible under Section 162(m) of the Code) or be forfeited in accordance with the terms and conditions established by the Committee at grant or thereafter. 
 (d) Rules Applicable to Other Stock-Based Awards . Subject to the applicable provisions of the Award agreement and this Plan, upon a Participant's Termination of Employment or Termination of Consultancy for any reason during any period or restriction as may be applicable for a given Award, the Other Stock-Based Awards in question will vest or be forfeited in accordance with the terms and conditions established by the Committee at grant or thereafter. 
 39 

ARTICLE XIII 
 NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR GRANTS 
 13.1 Awards . The terms of this Article XIII shall apply only to Awards of Stock Options, Restricted Stock Units, Restricted Stock and Stock Units granted to Non-Employee Directors. 
 13.2 Stock Option Grants . Without further action by the Board or the stockholders of the Company, each Non-Employee Director shall, subject to the terms of the Plan, be granted 
 (a) Initial Option Grant. 
 (i) Effective January 13, 2012 through December 10, 2015 (the December Effective Date ), Stock Options to purchase shares of Common Stock as of the date the Non-Employee Director begins service as a Non-Employee Director on the Board (such date, the Service Commencement Date ), provided that the Non-Employee Director began service on or after the Effective Date, in an amount determined as follows (subject to increase or decrease pursuant to Section 4.2) the number of shares of Common Stock subject to such Stock Options shall be equal to the product of 15,000 and a fraction, the numerator of which shall be equal to 365 minus the number of days that have elapsed since the previous NED Grant Date (as defined below), and the denominator of which is 365 and 
 (ii) Effective after the December Effective Date, Stock Options to purchase shares of Common Stock as of the Service Commencement Date, provided that the Non-Employee Director began service after the Effective Date, in an amount (subject to increase or decrease pursuant to Section 4.2) that is the product of (A) Stock Options to purchase that number of shares of Common Stock having a Black-Scholes value of 100,000 as of the Service Commencement Date, and (B) a fraction, the numerator of which shall be equal to 365 minus the number of days that have elapsed since the previous NED Grant Date, and the denominator of which is 365 (with any fractional share rounded down to the nearest whole share), provided, however, effective on and after August 9, 2016 (the August Effective Date ), Stock Options to purchase shares of Common Stock as of the Commencement Date, provided that the Non-Employee Director began service on or after the August Effective Date, in an amount (subject to increase or decrease pursuant to Section 4.2) that is the product of (A) Stock Options to purchase that number of shares of Common Stock having a Black-Scholes value of 120,000 as of the Service Commencement Date, and (B) a fraction, the numerator of which shall be equal to 365 minus the number of days that have elapsed since the previous NED Grant Date, and the denominator of which is 365 (with any fractional share rounded down to the nearest whole share) and 
 40 

(b) Annual Option Grant. 
 (i) Subject to Sections 13.5(a), 13.5(b) and 13.6(a), effective January 13, 2012 through the December Effective Date, in addition to Stock Options granted pursuant to (a) above, Stock Options to purchase 15,000 shares of Common Stock (subject to increase or decrease pursuant to Section 4.2) as of June 2 of each calendar year or, if a different date, the date the Company grants annual equity awards under the Plan to the employees of the Company (such date, the NED Grant Date commencing June 2, 2011 through the December Effective Date, provided he or she has not, as of such NED Grant Date, experienced a Termination of Directorship and 
 (ii) Subject to Sections 13.5(a), 13.5(b) and 13.6(a), (x) effective after the December Effective Date, in addition to Stock Options granted pursuant to (a) above, Stock Options to purchase that number of shares of Common Stock having a Black-Scholes value of 100,000 (subject to increase or decrease pursuant to Section 4.2) as of June 2 of each calendar year or, if a different date, the NED Grant Date commencing after the December Effective Date, provided he or she has not, as of such NED Grant Date, experienced a Termination of Directorship and (y) effective from and after the August Effective Date, in addition to Stock Options granted pursuant to (a) above, Stock Options to purchase that number of shares of Common Stock having a Black-Scholes value of 120,000 (subject to increase or decrease pursuant to Section 4.2) as of June 2 of each calendar year or, if a different date, the NED Grant Date commencing on or after the August Effective Date, provided that, with respect to each calendar year commencing with the 2020 calendar year, each Non-Employee Director shall be granted Stock Options to purchase that number of shares of Common Stock having a Black-Scholes value of up to 220,000 (subject to increase or decrease pursuant to Section 4.2) pursuant to this Section 13.2(b)(ii), as determined by the Committee, and provided further, that he or she has not, as of such NED Grant Date, experienced a Termination of Directorship. The applicable number of Stock Options granted each calendar year to a Non-Employee Director pursuant to Section 13.2(b)(i) or (ii) is hereinafter referred to as an Annual Option. 
 
 13.3 Non-Qualified Stock Option . Stock Options granted under this Article XIII shall be Non-Qualified Stock Options. 
 13.4 Terms of Stock Options . Stock Options granted under this Article XIII shall be subject to the following terms and conditions, and shall be in such form and contain such additional terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of this Plan, as the Board shall deem desirable 
 (a) Stock Option Price . The Stock Option price per share of Common Stock purchasable under a Stock Option shall equal 100 of the Fair Market Value of the share of Common Stock on the NED Grant Date. 
 41 

(b) Stock Option Term . The term of each Stock Option granted (i) prior to August 1, 2005, shall be ten (10) years, (ii) on or after August 1, 2005 and prior to the December Effective Date, shall be five (5) years, and (iii) on or after the December Effective Date, shall be five (5) years unless otherwise determined by the Committee at or prior to grant, provided that in no event shall the term of any Stock Option exceed ten (10) years. 
 (c) Exercisability . Stock Options granted to Non-Employee Directors pursuant to Section 13.2 shall vest and become exercisable (i) for Stock Options granted prior to August 1, 2005, on the first anniversary of the NED Grant Date, (ii) for Stock Options granted on or after August 1, 2005 and prior to the December Effective Date, in installments over a three (3) year period commencing on the NED Grant Date at the rate of 25 effective on the first and second anniversaries of the NED Grant Date and 50 on the third anniversary of the NED Grant Date, and (iii) for Stock Options granted on or after the December Effective Date, unless otherwise determined by the Committee at or prior to grant, in installments over a three (3) year period commencing on the NED Grant Date at the rate of 25 effective on the first and second anniversaries of the NED Grant Date and 50 on the third anniversary of the NED Grant Date provided that, except as otherwise determined by the Committee at or prior to grant with respect to any Stock Option granted on or after the December Effective Date, or except as otherwise specifically provided herein, the Stock Option may become vested only during the period prior to his or her Termination of Directorship. 
 (d) Method of Exercise . Subject to whatever waiting period provisions apply under subsection (c) above, Stock Options may be exercised in whole or in part at any time and from time to time during the Stock Option term, by giving written notice of exercise to the Company specifying the number of shares to be purchased. Such notice shall be accompanied by payment in full of the purchase price as follows (i) in cash or by check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company (ii) to the extent permitted by law, if the Common Stock is traded on a national securities exchange, through a cashless exercise procedure whereby the Participant delivers irrevocable instructions to a broker satisfactory to the Company to deliver promptly to the Company an amount equal to the purchase price or (iii) such other arrangement for the satisfaction of the purchase price, as the Board may accept. If and to the extent determined by the Board in its sole discretion at or after grant, payment in full or in part may also be made in the form of Common Stock owned by the Participant (and for which the Participant has good title free and clear of any liens and encumbrances) based on the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the payment date. No shares of Common Stock shall be issued until payment, as provided herein, therefore has been made or provided for. 
 42 

(e) Form, Modification, Extension and Renewal of Stock Options . Subject to the terms and conditions and within the limitations of this Plan, Stock Options granted under this Article XIII shall be evidenced by such form of agreement or grant as is approved by the Committee, and the Committee may (i) modify, extend or renew outstanding Stock Options granted under this Section XIII provided that the rights of a Participant are not reduced without his consent provided further, that any such modification, extension or renewal is intended to be structured to comply with Section 409A of the Code, to the extent applicable, and (ii) accept the surrender of outstanding Stock Options (up to the extent not theretofore exercised) and authorize the granting of new Stock Options in substitution therefor (to the extent not theretofore exercised). Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless approved by stockholders of the Company, (i) an outstanding Option may not be modified to reduce the exercise price thereof, (ii) no new Option at a lower exercise price or base price may be substituted for a surrendered Option, and (iii) no other Award may be issued or cash may be paid in exchange for the surrender of an Option at a time that the exercise or base price of such Option exceeds the current Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock or if such new Award or cash has a value in excess of the then in-the-money value of the surrendered Option, provided that adjustments or substitutions in accordance with Section 4.2 are not subject to this stockholder approval requirement. 
 (f) Termination of Directorship . The following rules apply with regard to Stock Options upon the Termination of Directorship 
 (i) Termination of Directorship by Reason of Death, Disability or Otherwise Ceasing to be a Director . Except as otherwise provided herein, upon the Termination of Directorship by reason of death, Disability, resignation, failure to stand for reelection or failure to be reelected or otherwise, all outstanding Stock Options exercisable and not exercised shall remain exercisable to the extent exercisable on such date of Termination of Directorship by the Participant or, in the case of death, by the Participant's estate or by the person given authority to exercise such Stock Options by his or her will or by operation of law, at any time prior to the expiration of the stated term of such Stock Option. 
 43 

(ii) Cancellation of Options . Except as provided herein or in Section 13.4(g), no Stock Options that were not exercisable as of the date of Termination of Directorship shall thereafter become exercisable upon a Termination of Directorship for any reason or no reason whatsoever, and such Stock Options shall terminate and become null and void upon a Termination of Directorship. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee shall be authorized, in its sole discretion, at any time on or prior to the date of the Termination of Directorship, to provide, based on such factors, if any, as the Committee may determine, that any outstanding Stock Options that are not exercisable as of the date of Termination of Directorship shall thereafter continue to become exercisable in accordance with the original terms of such Stock Options as if a Termination of Directorship never occurred. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if a Non-Employee Director's Termination of Directorship is for Cause, all Stock Options held by the Non-Employee Director shall thereupon terminate and expire as of the date of termination. 
 (g) Acceleration of Exercisability . (i) All Stock Options granted to a Non-Employee Director and not previously exercisable shall become fully exercisable upon such Director's death, (ii) all Stock Options granted to Non-Employee Directors prior to November 15, 2017, and not previously exercisable shall become fully exercisable immediately upon a Change in Control (as defined in Section 14.2), and (iii) all Stock Options granted to Non-Employee Directors on or following November 15, 2017, and not previously exercisable shall become fully exercisable immediately upon the Non-Employee Director s Termination of Directorship due to a failure to stand for reelection, failure to be reelected, or removal or resignation at the request or instruction of a person or entity effecting the Change in Control, in each case occurring or on after the occurrence of a Change in Control. In addition, the Committee may accelerate the vesting and exercisability of any such Stock Option at any time at or after grant in whole or in part, based on such factors, if any, as the Committee shall determine, in its sole discretion. 
 44 

(h) Detrimental Activity . For Stock Options granted to Non-Employee Directors on or after September 21, 2011, unless otherwise determined by the Committee at grant, (i) in the event the Non-Employee Director engages in Detrimental Activity prior to any exercise of the Stock Option, all such Stock Options (whether vested or unvested) held by the Non-Employee Director shall thereupon terminate and expire, (ii) as a condition of the exercise of a Stock Option, the Non-Employee Director shall be required to certify (or shall be deemed to have certified) at the time of exercise in a manner acceptable to the Company that the Non-Employee Director is in compliance with the terms and conditions of the Plan and that the Non-Employee Director has not engaged in, and does not intend to engage in, any Detrimental Activity, and (iii) in the event the Non-Employee Director engages in Detrimental Activity during the one year period following the later of (x) Non-Employee Director's Termination of Directorship or (y) the date the Stock Option is exercised, any such Stock Options shall be immediately forfeited (whether or not then vested) and the Company shall be entitled to recover from the Non-Employee Director at any time within one year after the later of (x) or (y), and the Non-Employee Director shall pay over to the Company, an amount equal to any gain realized as a result of the exercise of any Stock Options (whether at the time of exercise or thereafter). 
 13.5 Terms of Restricted Stock Units . RSUs granted under this Article XIII shall be subject to the following terms and conditions, and shall be in such form and contain such additional terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of this Plan, as the Board shall deem desirable 
 (a) Automatic Grant . Effective as of September 21, 2011, a Non-Employee Director who as of the December 31 of the calendar year prior to a NED Grant Date (the Determination Date has not satisfied his minimum Company stock ownership requirement under the Ownership Guidelines shall be automatically granted, without further action by the Non-Employee Director, Committee or the stockholders of the Company, in lieu of all or a portion of the Annual Option that otherwise would have been granted to the Non-Employee Director on such NED Grant Date, a number of RSUs determined by the Committee in its sole discretion by converting the Stock Options that the Non-Employee Director would otherwise have received on the NED Grant Date to RSUs by dividing the Black-Scholes value of such Stock Options on the NED Grant Date by the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the NED Grant Date up to the number of RSUs equal to the number of shares of Common Stock necessary for the Non-Employee Director to have satisfied his minimum stock ownership requirement under the Ownership Guidelines as of the Determination Date. Any fractional Stock Options or RSUs, as applicable, resulting from the foregoing calculations shall be eliminated by rounding-down for fractions less than one-half and rounding-up for fractions equal to or greater than one-half. No cash settlements or other Award shall be made with respect to fractional Stock Options or RSUs, as applicable, eliminated by rounding. Any Stock Options that remain following the forgoing calculations shall, subject to Sections 13.5(b) and 13.6(a), be granted to the Non-Employee Director on the NED Grant Date in accordance with Section 13.2(b). 
 45 

(b) Election . Effective as of September 21, 2011, a Non-Employee Director may elect, without further action by the Committee or the stockholders of the Company, to be granted, in lieu of all or a portion of the Annual Option that, subject to Section 13.5(a), otherwise would have been granted to the Non-Employee Director on such NED Grant Date, the number of RSUs equal to the Black-Scholes value on the NED Grant Date of the Stock Options that the Non-Employee Director has elected not to receive on the NED Grant Date divided by the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the NED Grant Date, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. Any fractional RSU resulting from the foregoing calculation shall be eliminated by rounding-down for fractions less than one-half and rounding-up for fractions equal to or greater than one-half. No cash settlements or other Award shall be made with respect to fractional RSUs eliminated by rounding. Any election pursuant to this Section 13.5(b) shall be in writing delivered to the Committee on an election form prescribed by, and acceptable to, the Committee and in accordance with the procedures established by the Committee, and must be delivered by the Non-Employee Director by either (i) no later than the December 31 of the calendar year prior to the calendar year in which the relevant NED Grant Date is scheduled to occur, (ii) within thirty (30) days of his first becoming a Non-Employee Director, or (iii) by such other deadline, approved in advance by the Committee, that is compliant with Section 409A of the Code and does not result in constructive receipt of income by the Non-Employee Director. 
 (c) Vesting . RSUs granted to Non-Employee Directors pursuant to this Section 13.5 (i) prior to the December Effective Date, shall vest in installments over a three (3) year period, commencing on the NED Grant Date, at the rate of 25 effective on the first and second anniversaries of the NED Grant Date and 50 on the third anniversary of the NED Grant Date, and (ii) on or after the December Effective Date, shall vest, unless otherwise determined by the Committee at or prior to grant, in installments over a three (3) year period, commencing on the NED Grant Date, at the rate of 25 effective on the first and second anniversaries of the NED Grant Date and 50 on the third anniversary of the NED Grant Date provided that, except as otherwise determined by the Committee at or prior to grant with respect to any RSUs granted on or after the December Effective Date, or except as otherwise specifically provided herein, the RSUs may become vested only during the period prior to his or her Termination of Directorship. 
 (d) Acceleration of Vesting . All unvested RSUs granted to a Non-Employee Director shall become fully vested upon (i) such Non-Employee Director's death, (ii) solely with respect to RSUs granted to a Non-Employee Director prior to November 15, 2017, a Change in Control, or (iii) solely with respect to RSUs granted to a Non-Employee Director on or following November 15, 2017, upon such Non-Employee Director s Termination of Directorship due to a failure to stand for reelection, failure to be reelected, or removal or resignation at the request or instruction of a person or entity effecting the Change in Control, in each case occurring on or after the occurrence of a Change in Control. In addition, the Committee may accelerate the vesting of any such RSU at any time at or after grant 
 46 

in whole or in part, based on such factors, if any, as the Committee shall determine, in its sole discretion. 
 Within thirty (30) days following the Non-Employee Director s Termination of Directorship for any reason other than a Termination of Directorship for Cause, the Non-Employee Director shall receive one share of Common Stock for each vested RSU held by the Non-Employee Director as of the date of the Non-Employee Director s Termination of Directorship, the ownership of which shall be recognized by the Company through an uncertificated book entry credited to a book entry account maintained by the Company (or its designee) on behalf of the Non-Employee Director or such other method (including the issuance of stock certificate) as determined by the Company in its sole discretion. 
 (e) Form and Modification of Restricted Stock Units . Subject to the terms and conditions and within the limitations of this Plan, RSUs granted under this Article XIII shall be evidenced by such form of agreement or grant as is approved by the Committee, and the Committee may modify outstanding RSUs granted under this Section XIII provided that the rights of a Participant are not reduced without his consent provided further, that any such modification is intended to be structured to comply with Section 409A of the Code, to the extent applicable. 
 (f) Termination of Directorship . Except as otherwise provided in Section 13.5(d) hereof, RSUs that are not vested as of the date of a Non-Employee Director s Termination of Directorship for any reason shall terminate and be forfeited in their entirety as of the date of such Termination of Directorship. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the event of a Non-Employee Director s Termination of Directorship for Cause, the Non-Employee Director s RSUs (whether vested or unvested) shall terminate and be forfeited in their entirety as of the date of such Termination of Directorship. 
 (g) Detrimental Activity . Unless otherwise determined by the Committee at grant, each Award of RSUs shall provide that in the event the Non-Employee Director engages in Detrimental Activity prior to, or during the one year period following the later of Termination of Directorship or any vesting of RSUs, the Committee may direct (at any time within one year thereafter) that all unvested RSUs and all vested but unpaid RSUs shall be immediately forfeited to the Company and that the Non-Employee Director shall pay over to the Company the amount realized from any RSUs or any Common Stock paid in connection therewith. 
 47 

(h) Dividends . Unless otherwise determined by the Committee at the time of Award, subject to the provisions of the Award agreement and this Plan, the recipient of RSUs under this Section 13.5 shall be entitled to receive, currently or on a deferred basis, dividends or dividend equivalents with respect to the number of shares of Common Stock covered by the Award, as determined at the time of the Award by the Committee, in its sole discretion. Dividend equivalents shall confer upon the recipient the right to receive the cash value of any dividends and other distributions that would have been received as though the Non-Employee Director had held each share of Common Stock referenced by the RSU from such date as the Committee may specify (but not earlier than the Grant Date of the Award) until the actual distribution to such Participant of the related share of Common Stock or cash value thereof. Such amounts, if awarded and to be paid to the Participant as and when the shares of Common Stock or cash value thereof are distributed to such Participant, may, at the discretion of the Committee, be paid with interest from the applicable dividend payment date until such amounts and any earnings thereon are distributed. The applicable rate of interest shall be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion provided, however, that for each fiscal year or part thereof, the applicable interest rate shall not be greater than the Treasury Rate. Alternatively, the Committee may provide that such cash dividend equivalents will be deemed reinvested in additional RSUs as of the applicable dividend payment date, to be settled by delivery of shares of Common Stock or cash value thereof at the same time as such deferred cash dividend equivalents would have been settled hereunder. 
 13.6 Terms of Restricted Stock Awards . Restricted Stock granted under this Article XIII shall be subject to the following terms and conditions, and shall be in such form and contain such additional terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of this Plan, as the Board shall deem desirable 
 48 

(a) Election . Effective as of September 21, 2011, a Non-Employee Director may elect, without further action by the Committee or the stockholders of the Company, to be granted, in lieu of all or a portion of the Annual Option that, subject to Section 13.5(a), otherwise would have been granted to the Non-Employee Director on such NED Grant Date, the number of shares of Restricted Stock equal to the Black-Scholes value on the NED Grant Date of the Stock Options that the Non-Employee Director has elected not to receive on the NED Grant Date divided by the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the NED Grant Date, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. Any fractional share of Restricted Stock resulting from the foregoing calculation shall be eliminated by rounding-down for fractions less than one-half and rounding-up for fractions equal to or greater than one-half. No cash settlements or other Award shall be made with respect to fractional shares of Restricted Stock eliminated by rounding. Any election pursuant to this Section 13.6(a) shall be in writing delivered to the Committee on an election form prescribed by, and acceptable to, the Committee and in accordance with the procedures established by the Committee, and must be delivered by the Non-Employee Director by either (i) no later than the December 31 of the calendar year prior to the calendar year in which the relevant NED Grant Date is scheduled to occur, (ii) within thirty (30) days of his first becoming a Non-Employee Director, or (iii) effective as of June 5, 2013, by such other deadline, approved in advance by the Committee, that is compliant with Section 409A of the Code and does not result in constructive receipt of income by the Non-Employee Director. 
 49 

A Non-Employee Director who elects to receive Restricted Stock shall not have any rights with respect to such Award, unless and until such Participant has delivered to the Company a fully executed copy of the applicable Award agreement relating thereto and has otherwise complied with the applicable terms and conditions of such Award. Further, such Award shall be subject to the following conditions 
 (i) Purchase Price . The purchase price for shares of Restricted Stock shall be zero to the extent permitted by applicable law, and, to the extent not so permitted, such be the lowest permissible price. 
 (ii) Acceptance . Awards of Restricted Stock must be accepted within a period of 90 days (or such shorter period as the Committee may specify at grant) after the Award date by executing a Restricted Stock Award agreement and by paying whatever price (if any) required by law. 
 (iii) Legend . Each Participant receiving shares of Restricted Stock shall be issued a stock certificate in respect of such shares of Restricted Stock, unless the Committee elects to use another system, such as book entries by the transfer agent, as evidencing ownership of shares of Restricted Stock. Such certificate shall be registered in the name of such Participant, and shall bear an appropriate legend referring to the terms, conditions, and restrictions applicable to such Award, substantially in the following form 
 The anticipation, alienation, attachment, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance or charge of the shares of stock represented hereby are subject to the terms and conditions (including forfeiture) of The Comtech Telecommunications Corp. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan and an Agreement entered into between the registered owner and the Company dated _______. Copies of such Plan and Agreement are on file at the principal office of the Company. 
 (iv) Custody . The Committee may require that any stock certificates evidencing such shares be held in custody by the Company until the restrictions thereon shall have lapsed and that, as a condition to the grant of such Award of Restricted Stock, the Participant shall have delivered a duly signed stock power, endorsed in blank, relating to the Common Stock covered by such Award. 
 50 

(b) Restrictions and Conditions . Shares of Restricted Stock awarded pursuant to this Plan shall be subject to the following restrictions and conditions 
 (i) Vesting . Shares of Restricted Stock granted to Non-Employee Directors pursuant to Section 13.6(a) (i) prior to the December Effective Date, shall vest in installments over a three (3) year period, commencing on the NED Grant Date, at the rate of 25 effective on the first and second anniversaries of the NED Grant Date and 50 on the third anniversary of the NED Grant Date, and (ii) on or after the December Effective Date, shall vest, unless otherwise determined by the Committee at or prior to grant, in installments over a three (3) year period, commencing on the NED Grant Date, at the rate of 25 effective on the first and second anniversaries of the NED Grant Date and 50 on the third anniversary of the NED Grant Date provided that, except as otherwise determined by the Committee at or prior to grant with respect to any shares of Restricted Stock granted on or after the December Effective Date, or except as otherwise specifically provided herein, the shares of Restricted Stock may become vested only during the period prior to his or her Termination of Directorship. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all unvested shares of Restricted Stock granted to Non-Employee Directors pursuant to Section 13.6(a) shall become fully vested upon (i) such Non-Employee Director's death, (ii) solely with respect to shares of Restricted Stock granted to a Non-Employee Director prior to November 15, 2017, a Change in Control, or (iii) solely with respect to shares of Restricted Stock granted to a Non-Employee Director on or following November 15, 2017, upon such Non-Employee Director s Termination of Directorship due to a failure to stand for reelection, failure to be reelected, or removal or resignation at the request or instruction of a person or entity effecting the Change in Control, in each case occurring on or after the occurrence of a Change in Control. In addition, the Committee may accelerate the vesting of any such shares of Restricted Stock at any time at or after grant in whole or in part, based on such factors, if any, as the Committee shall determine, in its sole discretion. The Participant shall not be permitted to Transfer shares of Restricted Stock awarded under Section 13.6(a) prior to vesting. 
 (ii) Rights as Stockholder . Except as otherwise determined by the Committee, the Participant shall have, with respect to the shares of Restricted Stock, all of the rights of a holder of shares of Common Stock of the Company including, without limitation, the right to receive any dividends, the right to vote such shares and, subject to and conditioned upon the full vesting of shares of Restricted Stock, the right to tender such shares. The Committee may, in its sole discretion, determine at the time of grant that the payment of dividends shall be deferred until, and conditioned upon, the vesting of the underlying shares of Restricted Stock. 
 (iii) Lapse of Restrictions . If and when shares of Restricted Stock vest, the certificates for such shares shall be delivered to the Participant. All 
 51 

legends shall be removed from said certificates at the time of delivery to the Participant except as otherwise required by applicable law. 
 (iv) Form and Modification of Restricted Stock Awards . Subject to the terms and conditions and within the limitations of this Plan, shares of Restricted Stock granted under this Article XIII shall be evidenced by such form of agreement or grant as is approved by the Committee, and the Committee may modify outstanding Restricted Stock Awards granted under this Section XIII provided that the rights of a Participant are not reduced without his consent provided further, that any such modification is intended to be structured to comply with Section 409A of the Code, to the extent applicable. 
 (v) Termination of Directorship . Except as otherwise provided herein and in Section 13.6(b)(i) hereof, shares of Restricted Stock that are not vested as of the date of a Non-Employee Director s Termination of Directorship for any reason shall terminate and be forfeited in their entirety as of the date of such Termination of Directorship. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee shall be authorized, in its sole discretion, at any time on or prior to the date of the Termination of Directorship, to provide, based on such factors as the Committee may determine, in its sole discretion, that any shares of Restricted Stock that are not vested as of the date of Termination of Directorship shall thereafter continue to vest in accordance with the original terms of such shares of Restricted Stock as if a Termination of Directorship never occurred. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the event of a Non-Employee Director s Termination of Directorship for Cause, the Non-Employee Director s shares of Restricted Stock (whether vested or unvested) shall be forfeited in their entirety as of the date of such Termination of Directorship. 
 (c) Detrimental Activity . Unless otherwise determined by the Committee at grant, each Award of Restricted Stock shall provide that in the event the Non-Employee Director engages in Detrimental Activity prior to, or during the one year period following the later of Termination of Directorship or any vesting of Restricted Stock, the Committee may direct (at any time within one year thereafter) that all unvested Restricted Stock shall be immediately forfeited to the Company and that the Non-Employee Director shall pay over to the Company the amount realized at the time of vesting of any Restricted Stock. 
 13.7 Terms of Stock Units . Stock Units granted under this Article XIII shall be subject to the following terms and conditions, and shall be in such form and contain such additional terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of this Plan, as the Board shall deem desirable 
 52 

(a) Election . Effective as of September 21, 2011, a Non-Employee Director may elect, without further action by the Committee or the stockholders of the Company, to be granted on the date the relevant cash retainer payment was scheduled to be paid (the Retainer Payment Date ), in lieu of all or a portion of the Non-Employee Director s annual cash retainer that would have been paid to the Non-Employee Director, the number of Stock Units equal to the amount of the cash retainer that the Non-Employee Director has elected not to receive divided by the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the Retainer Payment Date, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. Any fractional Stock Unit resulting from the foregoing calculation shall be eliminated by rounding-down for fractions less than one-half and rounding-up for fractions equal to or greater than one-half. No cash settlements or other Award shall be made with respect to fractional Stock Units eliminated by rounding. Any election pursuant to this Section 13.7(a) shall be in writing delivered to the Committee on an election form prescribed by, and acceptable to, the Committee and in accordance with the procedures established by the Committee, and must be delivered by the Non-Employee Director by either (i) no later than the December 31 of the calendar year prior to the calendar year in which the relevant cash retainer payment is scheduled to be paid, (ii) within thirty (30) days of his first becoming a Non-Employee Director or (iii) by such other deadline, approved in advance by the Committee, that is compliant with Section 409A of the Code and does not result in constructive receipt of income by the Non-Employee Director. 
 (b) Vesting . Prior to the December Effective Date, Stock Units granted to Non-Employee Directors pursuant to Section 13.7(a) shall be fully vested on the date of grant. On or after the December Effective Date, Stock Units granted to Non-Employee Directors pursuant to Section 13.7(a) shall be fully vested on the date of grant unless otherwise provided by the Committee at or prior to grant. 
 (c) Payment . Within thirty (30) days following the Non-Employee Director s Termination of Directorship for any reason other than a Termination of Directorship for Cause, the Non-Employee Director shall receive one share of Common Stock for each Stock Unit held by the Non-Employee Director as of the date of the Non-Employee Director s Termination of Directorship, the ownership of which shall be recognized by the Company through an uncertificated book entry credited to a book entry account maintained by the Company (or its designee) on behalf of the Non-Employee Director or such other method (including the issuance of stock certificate) as determined by the Company in its sole discretion. 
 (d) Form and Modification of Stock Units . Subject to the terms and conditions and within the limitations of this Plan, Stock Units granted under this Article XIII shall be evidenced by such form of agreement or grant as is approved by the Committee, and the Committee may modify outstanding Stock Units granted under this Section XIII provided that the rights of a Participant are not reduced without his consent provided further, that any such modification is intended to be structured to comply with Section 409A of the Code, to the extent applicable. 
 53 

(e) Termination of Directorship . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the event of a Non-Employee Director s Termination of Directorship for Cause, the Non-Employee Director s Stock Units shall terminate and be forfeited in their entirety as of the date of such Termination of Directorship. 
 (f) Detrimental Activity . Unless otherwise determined by the Committee at grant, each Award of Stock Units shall provide that in the event the Non-Employee Director engages in Detrimental Activity prior to, or during the one year period following the later of Termination of Directorship or any grant of Stock Units, the Committee may direct (at any time within one year thereafter) that all Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited to the Company and that the Non-Employee Director shall pay over to the Company the amount realized from any Stock Units or any Common Stock paid in connection therewith. 
 (g) Dividends . Unless otherwise determined by the Committee at the time of Award, subject to the provisions of the Award agreement and this Plan, the recipient of Stock Units under this Section 13.7 shall be entitled to receive, currently or on a deferred basis, dividends or dividend equivalents with respect to the number of shares of Common Stock covered by the Award, as determined at the time of the Award by the Committee, in its sole discretion. Dividend equivalents shall confer upon the recipient the right to receive the cash value of any dividends and other distributions that would have been received as though the Non-Employee Director had held each share of Common Stock referenced by the Stock Unit from such date as the Committee may specify (but not earlier than the Grant Date of the Award) until the actual distribution to such Participant of the related share of Common Stock or cash value thereof. Such amounts, if awarded and to be paid to the Participant as and when the shares of Common Stock or cash value thereof are distributed to such Participant, may, at the discretion of the Committee, be paid with interest from the applicable dividend payment date until such amounts and any earnings thereon are distributed. The applicable rate of interest shall be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion provided, however, that for each fiscal year or part thereof, the applicable interest rate shall not be greater than the Treasury Rate. Alternatively, the Committee may provide that such cash dividend equivalents will be deemed reinvested in additional Stock Units as of the applicable dividend payment date, to be settled by delivery of shares of Common Stock or cash value thereof at the same time as such deferred cash dividend equivalents would have been settled hereunder. 
 13.8 Changes . 
 (a) The Awards to a Non-Employee Director shall be subject to Sections 4.2(a), (b) and (c) of the Plan and this Section 13.8, but shall not be subject to Section 4.2(d). 
 54 

(b) If the Company shall not be the surviving corporation in any merger or consolidation, or if the Company is to be dissolved or liquidated, then, unless the surviving corporation assumes the Stock Options or substitutes new Stock Options which are determined by the Board in its sole discretion to be substantially similar in nature and equivalent in terms and value for Stock Options then outstanding, upon the effective date of such merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution, any unexercised Stock Options shall expire without additional compensation to the holder thereof provided, that, the Board shall deliver notice to each Non-Employee Director at least 30 days prior to the date of consummation of such merger, consolidation, dissolution or liquidation which would result in the expiration of the Stock Options and during the period from the date on which such notice of termination is delivered to the consummation of the merger, consolidation, dissolution or liquidation, such Participant shall have the right to exercise in full, effective as of such consummation, all Stock Options that are then outstanding (without regard to limitations on exercise otherwise contained in the Stock Options) but contingent on occurrence of the merger, consolidation, dissolution or liquidation, and, provided that, if the contemplated transaction does not take place within a 90 day period after giving such notice for any reason whatsoever, the notice, accelerated vesting and exercise shall be null and void and, if and when appropriate, new notice shall be given as aforesaid. 
 ARTICLE XIV 
 CHANGE IN CONTROL PROVISIONS 
 14.1 Benefits . In the event of a Change in Control of the Company, except as otherwise provided by the Committee upon the grant of an Award, the Participant shall be entitled to the following benefits 
 (a) Awards granted to Participants prior to November 15, 2017, shall be treated in accordance with the terms of the Plan as in effect prior to such date. 
 (b) Except to the extent provided in the applicable Award agreement, the Participant's employment agreement with the Company or an Affiliate, as approved by the Committee, or other written agreement approved by the Committee (as such agreement may be amended from time to time), with respect to any Award granted to a Participant other than a Non-Employee Director on or after November 15, 2017, if such Participant has an involuntary Termination without Cause at any time during the two (2) year period commencing on a Change in Control, then all outstanding Awards of such Participant that were granted to such Participant on or after November 15, 2017, but prior to the Change in Control (including any Alternative Option granted to such Participant in substitution of any Stock Option pursuant to Section 14.1(d) below) shall be fully vested on the date of such Termination and any such Awards that provide for Participant elected exercise shall be immediately exercisable in their entirety on the date of such Termination. 
 55 

(c) The Committee, in its sole discretion, may provide for the purchase of any Stock Option by the Company or an Affiliate for an amount of cash equal to the excess of the Change in Control Price (as defined below) of the shares of Common Stock covered by such Stock Options, over the aggregate exercise price of such Stock Options. For purposes of this Section 14.1, Change in Control Price shall mean the higher of (i) the highest price per share of Common Stock paid in any transaction related to a Change in Control of the Company, or (ii) the highest Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock at any time during the sixty (60) day period preceding a Change in Control provided, however, that for the avoidance if doubt the Change in Control price shall not exceed the fair market value of the Common Stock at the time of purchase as determined in accordance Section 409A of the Code. 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, unless the Committee provides otherwise at the time a Stock Option is granted hereunder or thereafter, no acceleration of exercisability shall occur with respect to such Stock Options if the Committee reasonably determines in good faith, prior to the occurrence of the Change in Control, that the Stock Options shall be honored or assumed, or new rights substituted therefore (each such honored, assumed or substituted stock option hereinafter called an Alternative Option ), by a Participant's employer (or the parent or a subsidiary of such employer) immediately following the Change in Control, provided that any such Alternative Option must meet the following criteria 
 (i) the Alternative Option must be based on stock which is traded on an established securities market, or which will be so traded within 30 days of the Change in Control 
 (ii) the Alternative Option must provide such Participant with rights and entitlements substantially equivalent to or better than the rights, terms and conditions applicable under such Stock Option, including, but not limited to, an identical or better exercise schedule 
 (iii) the Alternative Option must have economic value substantially equivalent to the value of such Stock Option (determined at the time of the Change in Control) and 
 (iv) the Alternate Option must be structured in a manner intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code to avoid any adverse tax consequences thereunder, to the extent applicable. 
 For purposes of Incentive Stock Options, any assumed or substituted Stock Option shall comply with the requirements of Treasury Regulation 1.424 1 (and any amendments thereto). 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything else herein, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, provide for accelerated lapsing of restrictions on an Award or accelerated vesting of an Award, as applicable, at any time. 
 56 

14.2 Change in Control . A Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred 
 (a) upon any person as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act (other than the Company, any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under any employee benefit plan of the Company, or any company owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of Common Stock of the Company), becoming the owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 30 or more of the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding securities 
 (b) during any period of two (2) consecutive years (the Board Measurement Period ), individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board of Directors, and any new director (other than a director designated by a person who has entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in paragraph (a), (c), or (d) of this section) or a director whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of either an actual or threatened election contest (as such term is used in Rule 14a-11 of Regulation 14A promulgated under the Exchange Act) or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a person other than the Board of Directors of the Company whose election by the Board of Directors or nomination for election by the Company's stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the two-year period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board of Directors provided , that with respect to any payment pursuant to an Award granted under this Plan on or after September 21, 2011 that is triggered upon a Change in Control and that constitutes non-qualified deferred compensation pursuant to Section 409A of the Code, the Board Measurement Period shall be reduced from any period of two consecutive years to any period of twelve consecutive months 
 (c) upon a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) more than 50 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation provided, however, that a merger or consolidation effected to implement a recapitalization of the Company (or similar transaction) in which no person (other than those covered by the exceptions in (a) above) acquires more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding securities shall not constitute a Change in Control of the Company or 
 57 

(d) upon approval by the stockholders of the Company of a plan of complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement for (or for Awards granted on or after September 21, 2011, the consummation of) the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company's assets other than the sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to a person or persons who beneficially own, directly or indirectly, at least 50 or more of the combined voting power of the outstanding voting securities of the Company at the time of the sale provided , that with respect to any payment pursuant to an Award granted under this Plan on or after September 21, 2011 that is triggered upon a Change in Control and that constitutes non-qualified deferred compensation pursuant to Section 409A of the Code, stockholder approval of a plan of liquidation of the Company shall not constitute a Change in Control. 
 ARTICLE XV 
 TERMINATION OR AMENDMENT OF PLAN 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan, the Board or the Committee may at any time, and from time to time, amend, in whole or in part, any or all of the provisions of this Plan (including any amendment deemed necessary to ensure that the Company may comply with any regulatory requirement referred to in Article XVII), or suspend or terminate it entirely, retroactively or otherwise provided, however, that, unless otherwise required by law or specifically provided herein, the rights of a Participant with respect to Awards granted prior to such amendment, suspension or termination, may not be impaired without the consent of such Participant and, provided further, without the approval of the shareholders of the Company in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, to the extent required by the applicable provisions of Rule 16b-3 or Section 162(m) of the Code, or, to the extent applicable to Incentive Stock Options, Section 422 of the Code, no amendment may be made which would (i) increase the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued under this Plan (ii) increase the maximum individual Participant limitations for a fiscal year under Section 4.1(d) (iii) change the classification of employees, directors or Consultants eligible to receive Awards under this Plan (iv) decrease the minimum option price of any Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right (v) extend the maximum option period under Section 6.3 (vi) materially alter the Performance Criteria for the Award of Restricted Stock, Performance Units, Performance Shares or cash incentive Awards as set forth in Exhibit A or (vii) require stockholder approval in order for this Plan to continue to comply with the applicable provisions of Section 162(m) of the Code or, to the extent applicable to Incentive Stock Options, Section 422 of the Code. In no event may this Plan be amended without the approval of the stockholders of the Company in accordance with the applicable laws of the State of Delaware to increase the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued under this Plan, decrease the minimum exercise price of any Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right, or to make any other amendment that would require stockholder approval under the rules of any exchange or system on which the Company's securities are listed or traded at the request of the Company. 
 The Committee may amend the terms of any Award theretofore granted, prospectively or retroactively, but, subject to Article IV above or as otherwise specifically provided herein, no such 
 58 

amendment or other action by the Committee shall impair the rights of any holder without the holder's consent. 
 ARTICLE XVI 
 UNFUNDED PLAN 
 16.1 Unfunded Status of Plan . This Plan is intended to constitute an unfunded plan for incentive and deferred compensation. With respect to any payments as to which a Participant has a fixed and vested interest but which are not yet made to a Participant by the Company, nothing contained herein shall give any such Participant any rights that are greater than those of a general unsecured creditor of the Company. 
 ARTICLE XVII 
 GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 17.1 Legend . The Committee may require each person receiving shares pursuant to an Award under this Plan to represent to and agree with the Company in writing that the Participant is acquiring the shares without a view to distribution thereof. In addition to any legend required by this Plan, the certificates for such shares may include any legend which the Committee deems appropriate to reflect any restrictions on Transfer. 
 All certificates for shares of Common Stock delivered under this Plan shall be subject to such stop transfer orders and other restrictions as the Committee in its sole discretion may deem advisable under the rules, regulations and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, any stock exchange upon which the Common Stock is then listed or any national securities exchange system upon whose system the Common Stock is then quoted, any applicable Federal or state securities law, and any applicable corporate law, and the Committee may cause a legend or legends to be put on any such certificates to make appropriate reference to such restrictions. 
 17.2 Other Plans . Nothing contained in this Plan shall prevent the Board from adopting other or additional compensation arrangements, subject to stockholder approval if such approval is required and such arrangements may be either generally applicable or applicable only in specific cases. 
 17.3 Right to Employment Directorship Consultancy . Neither this Plan nor the grant of any Award hereunder shall give any Participant or other employee, Non-Employee Director or Consultant any right with respect to continuance of employment, directorship or Consultancy by the Company or any Affiliate, nor shall they be a limitation in any way on the right of the Company or any Affiliate by which an employee is employed or a Non-Employee Director or Consultant is retained to terminate his employment, directorship or Consultancy at any time. 
 59 

17.4 Withholding of Taxes . The Company shall have the right to deduct from any payment to be made to a Participant, or to otherwise require, prior to the issuance or delivery of any shares of Common Stock or the payment of any cash hereunder, payment by the Participant of, any Federal, state or local taxes required by law to be withheld. Upon the vesting of Restricted Stock (or other Award that is taxable upon vesting), or upon making an election under Code Section 83(b), a Participant shall pay all required withholding to the Company. 
 Any such withholding obligation with regard to any Participant may be satisfied, subject to the consent of the Committee, by reducing the number of shares of Common Stock otherwise deliverable or by delivering shares of Common Stock already owned. Any fraction of a share of Common Stock required to satisfy such tax obligations shall be disregarded and the amount due shall be paid instead in cash by the Participant. 
 17.5 Listing and Other Conditions . 
 (a) As long as the Common Stock is listed on a national securities exchange or system sponsored by a national securities association, the issue of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to an Award shall be conditioned upon such shares being listed on such exchange or system. The Company shall have no obligation to issue such shares unless and until such shares are so listed, and the right to exercise any Stock Option with respect to such shares shall be suspended until such listing has been effected. 
 (b) If at any time counsel to the Company shall be of the opinion that any sale or delivery of shares of Common Stock pursuant to an Award is or may in the circumstances be unlawful or result in the imposition of excise taxes on the Company under the statutes, rules or regulations of any applicable jurisdiction, the Company shall have no obligation to make such sale or delivery, or to make any application or to effect or to maintain any qualification or registration under the Securities Act or otherwise with respect to shares of Common Stock or Awards, and the right to exercise any Stock Option shall be suspended until, in the opinion of said counsel, such sale or delivery shall be lawful or will not result in the imposition of excise taxes on the Company. 
 (c) Upon termination of any period of suspension under this Section 17.5, any Award affected by such suspension which shall not then have expired or terminated shall be reinstated as to all shares available before such suspension and as to shares which would otherwise have become available during the period of such suspension, but no such suspension shall extend the term of any Stock Option. 
 (d) A Participant shall be required to supply the Company with any certificates, representations and information that the Company requests and otherwise cooperate with the Company in obtaining any listing, registration, qualification, exemption, consent or approval the Company deems necessary or appropriate. 
 60 

17.6 Governing Law . This Plan and actions taken in connection herewith shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware (regardless of the law that might otherwise govern under applicable Delaware principles of conflict of laws). 
 17.7 Construction . Wherever any words are used in this Plan in the masculine gender they shall be construed as though they were also used in the feminine gender in all cases where they would so apply, and wherever any words are used herein in the singular form they shall be construed as though they were also used in the plural form in all cases where they would so apply. 
 17.8 Other Benefits . No Award payment under this Plan shall be deemed compensation for purposes of computing benefits under any retirement plan of the Company or its subsidiaries nor affect any benefits under any other benefit plan now or subsequently in effect under which the availability or amount of benefits is related to the level of compensation, unless otherwise specifically stated in such other benefit plan. 
 17.9 Costs . The Company shall bear all expenses included in administering this Plan, including expenses of issuing Common Stock pursuant to any Awards hereunder. 
 17.10 No Right to Same Benefits . The provisions of Awards need not be the same with respect to each Participant, and such Awards to individual Participants need not be the same in subsequent years. 
 17.11 Death Disability . The Committee may in its discretion require the transferee of a Participant to supply it with written notice of the Participant's death or Disability and to supply it with a copy of the will (in the case of the Participant's death) or such other evidence as the Committee deems necessary to establish the validity of the transfer of an Award. The Committee may also require that the agreement of the transferee to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Plan. 
 17.12 Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act . All elections and transactions under this Plan by persons subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act involving shares of Common Stock are intended to comply with any applicable exemptive condition under Rule 16b-3. The Committee may establish and adopt written administrative guidelines, designed to facilitate compliance with Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, as it may deem necessary or proper for the administration and operation of this Plan and the transaction of business thereunder. 
 61 

17.13 Section 409A of the Code 
 (a) Although the Company does not guarantee the particular tax treatment of an Award granted under the Plan, Awards made under the Plan are intended to comply with, or be exempt from, the applicable requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the Plan and any Award agreement hereunder shall be limited, construed and interpreted in accordance with such intent. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any provision in this Plan that is inconsistent with Section 409A of the Code shall be deemed to be amended to comply with Section 409A of the Code and to the extent such provision cannot be amended to comply therewith, such provision shall be null and void. In no event whatsoever shall the Company or any of its Affiliates be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalties that may be imposed on a Participant by Section 409A of the Code or any damages for failing to comply with Section 409A of the Code. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or in an Award to the contrary, the following provisions shall apply to any Award granted under the Plan that constitutes non-qualified deferred compensation pursuant to Section 409A of the Code (a 409A Covered Award 
 (i) A termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of a 409A Covered Award providing for payment upon or following a termination of the Participant s employment unless such termination is also a Separation from Service within the meaning of Code Section 409A and, for purposes of any such provision of the 409A Covered Award, references to a termination, termination of employment or like terms shall mean Separation from Service. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in the Plan or the Award, if the Participant is deemed on the date of the Participant s Termination to be a specified employee within the meaning of that term under Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Code and using the identification methodology selected by the Company from time to time, or if none, the default methodology set forth in Code Section 409A, then with regard to any such payment under a 409A Covered Award, to the extent required to be delayed in compliance with Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Code, such payment shall not be made prior to the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six (6)-month period measured from the date of the Participant s Separation from Service, and (ii) the date of the Participant s death. All payments delayed pursuant to this Section 13.13(b)(i) shall be paid to the Participant on the first day of the seventh month following the date of the Participant s Separation from Service or, if earlier, on the date of the Participant s death. 
 (ii) Whenever a payment under a 409A Covered Award specifies a payment period with reference to a number of days, the actual date of payment within the specified period shall be within the sole discretion of the Company. 
 62 

17.14 Severability of Provisions . If any provision of this Plan shall be held invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions hereof, and this Plan shall be construed and enforced as if such provisions had not been included. 
 17.15 Headings and Captions . The headings and captions herein are provided for reference and convenience only, shall not be considered part of this Plan, and shall not be employed in the construction of this Plan. 
 17.16 Electronic Communications . Notwithstanding anything else herein to the contrary, any Award agreement, notice of exercise of an Option or Non-Tandem Stock Appreciation Right, or other document or notice required or permitted by this Plan that is required to be delivered in writing may, to the extent determined by the Committee, be delivered and accepted electronically. Signatures may also be electronic if permitted by the Committee. The term written agreement as used in the Plan shall include any document that it is delivered and or accepted electronically. 
 ARTICLE XVIII 
 EFFECTIVE DATE OF PLAN 
 The Plan was originally adopted by the Board and effective on October 19, 1999, subject to approval by the stockholders of the Company (which was obtained at the stockholders meeting held on December 14, 1999). The Plan was thereafter amended and restated in accordance with the requirements of the laws of the State of Delaware. The Board approved the amendment and restatement of the Plan on October 9, 2006 and such amended and restated plan became effective on October 9, 2006, subject to approval of the provisions of this Plan adding a cash incentive Award and re-approval of the Performance Criteria for performance-based Equity Awards by the stockholders of the Company in accordance with the requirements of the laws of the State of Delaware or such later date as provided in the adopting resolution. The stockholders of the Company approved the amendments that were subject to stockholder approval at the stockholder meeting held on December 5, 2006. A further restatement of the Plan was approved by the Board on December 6, 2007 which incorporated amendments effective on November 9, 2007 (deleting the Plan provision authorizing the Committee with the authority to buy out previously granted stock options based on terms and conditions established by the Committee) and on December 6, 2007 (increasing the number of shares available for grant of Awards under the Plan by 850,000). A further restatement of the Plan was approved by the Board on June 2, 2009 which incorporated amendments effective on June 2, 2009 (changing the date of grant of the annual grants of Stock Options to Non-Employee Directors). A further restatement of the Plan was approved by the Board on September 22, 2009 and incorporates amendments effective on October 18, 2009 (increasing the number of shares available for grant of Awards under the Plan by 2,375,000, adjusting the maximum annual grant of Performance Units and the maximum annual potential amount earnable under Performance Units, limiting the Committee's authority to amend or substitute a SAR or to issue Awards or cash in exchange for an Option or SAR in certain circumstances without stockholder approval, changing the conversion method for Performance Units, clarifying Plan provisions in compliance with Section 409A of the Code, and prohibiting any transfers or 
 63 

dispositions of Non-Qualified Stock Options to Family Members for value), certain of which were subject to the approval by the stockholders of the Company. The stockholders of the Company approved the amendments that were subject to stockholder approval at the stockholder meeting held on December 9, 2009. A further restatement of the Plan was approved by the Board on June 2, 2010 and incorporates amendments effective on June 2, 2010 (changing the date of grant and the amount of the annual grants of Stock Options to Non-Employee Directors). 
 A further restatement of the Plan was approved by the Board and effective on September 21, 2011 and incorporates amendments effective on September 21, 2011 and, as approved by stockholders, on January 13, 2012 (including setting minimum vesting terms for Full-Value Awards and the right in certain cases to receive or retain dividends and dividend equivalents thereunder, providing the Committee the discretion to permit a Participant to designate a beneficiary to receive outstanding Awards or exercise rights thereunder following death, changing the amount of the initial and annual grants of Stock Options to Non-Employee Directors, providing Non-Employee Directors with the opportunity to elect to receive RSUs and or shares of Restricted Stock in lieu of an Annual Option, providing Non-Employee Directors with the opportunity to elect to receive Stock Units in lieu of their annual cash retainer, providing for the automatic grant of RSUs to Non-Employee Directors in lieu of their Annual Options in order to satisfy minimum Company stock ownership requirements, providing the Committee the discretion to accelerate the vesting of Awards granted to Non-Employee Directors or to continue the vesting thereof beyond Termination of Directorship, and clarifying certain Plan provisions), with the provisions relating to the grant of RSUs, Restricted Stock and Stock Units to Non-Employee Directors subject to stockholder approval. A further restatement of the Plan was approved by the Board and is effective June 5, 2013 and incorporates amendments effective on June 5, 2013 with respect to Section 13.6(a) of the Plan to provide that the Committee may permit elections by Non-Employee Directors at any time. A further restatement of the Plan was approved by the Board and effective on October 2, 2013 and incorporates amendments effective on October 2, 2013 (including authorizing dividend equivalents from the beginning date of any Performance Period, clarifying that dividend equivalents on certain Awards can be either cash or in additional Awards, adding more specific provisions regarding the grant of dividend equivalents on RSUs or Stock Units granted to Non-Employee Directors, and specifying that elections by Non-Employee Directors relating to type of award can be allowed by the Committee at any time compliant with Section 409A and other applicable provision of the Code). A further restatement of the Plan was approved by the Board and effective on December 10, 2015, and incorporates amendments effective on December 10, 2015 with respect to Section 13.2 of the Plan to change the method for determining the initial and annual grants of Stock Options to Non-Employee Directors and to provide the Committee with discretion over the vesting of Non-Employee Director grants and the term of Stock Options. A further amendment to the Plan was approved by the Board so that effective as of August 9, 2016, the grant date fair value of Non-Employee Director annual equity Awards was set at 120,000. A further restatement of the Plan was approved by the Board effective on November 18, 2016, increasing the number of shares of Common Stock available for Awards under the Plan, re-approving the material terms of the Performance Criteria under the Plan, extending the term of the Plan for an additional 10 years, clarifying the provisions of the Plan relating to share counting and reducing the number of Shares subject to Full-Value Awards that may be granted without being subject to minimum vesting requirements, with the provisions relating to the increase in the number of shares available under the Plan, the re-approval of the material terms of the Performance Criteria and extending the term of the Plan for an additional 10 years being approved by stockholders on December 8, 2016. A further 
 64 

restatement of the Plan was approved by the Board and effective on November 15, 2017 and incorporates amendments effective on November 15, 2017 and, as approved by stockholders, on December 5, 2017 (including increasing the number of shares of Common Stock available for Awards under the Plan and providing that Awards made to participants on or after November 15, 2017, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, shall not automatically vest and become exercisable upon a Change in Control, but instead such Awards shall automatically vest and become fully exercisable if the Participant experiences an involuntary Termination without Cause within two years following a Change in Control), with the provisions relating to the increase in the number of shares available under the Plan being subject to stockholder approval. 
 A further restatement of the Plan was approved by the Board and effective March 6, 2018, and provides that, for Awards granted on and after March 6, 2018, adjustments pursuant to Section 4.2(b) of the Plan may be made in respect of transactions effected with receipt of consideration by the Company rather than only in respect of transactions effected without receipt of consideration by the Company. A further restatement of the Plan, increasing the number of shares of Common Stock available for Awards under the Plan, was approved by the Board effective as of November 15, 2019, and was approved by stockholders on December 3, 2019. A further amendment of the Plan, increasing, with respect to each calendar year commencing with the 2020 calendar year, the Black-Scholes value of the grant of Annual Options to up to 220,000, was approved by the Board effective August 4, 2020. A further amendment of the Plan under Section 12.1 herein, explicitly permitting certain transfers of Awards by Participants, was approved by the Board effective August 10, 2021. 
 ARTICLE XIX 
 TERM OF PLAN 
 No Award shall be granted pursuant to this Plan on or after November 18, 2026, but Awards granted prior to such date may extend beyond that date. The foregoing notwithstanding, any Awards, the vesting or payment of which is conditioned on the satisfaction of Performance Criteria intended to qualify as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code may be granted until the date of the first Annual Meeting of Stockholders that occurs in the fifth year following the year in which the Company's stockholders last previously re-approved the Performance Criteria or approved other designated performance goals (even if this deadline extends past the date at which other Awards may be granted under the Plan). 

65 

EXHIBIT A PERFORMANCE CRITERIA 
 Performance Goals established for purposes of conditioning the grant of an Award of Restricted Stock based on performance or the vesting of performance-based Awards of Restricted Stock, Performance Units, Performance Shares and or cash incentive Awards shall be based on one or more of the following performance criteria Performance Criteria (i) the attainment of certain target levels of, or a specified percentage increase in, revenues, income before income taxes and extraordinary items, net income, income before income tax and stock based compensation expense, earnings before income tax, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization or a combination of any or all of the foregoing (ii) the attainment of certain target levels of, or a percentage increase in, after-tax or pre-tax profits including, without limitation, that attributable to continuing and or other operations (iii) the attainment of certain target levels of, or a specified increase in, operational cash flow (iv) the achievement of a certain level of, reduction of, or other specified objectives with regard to limiting the level of increase in, all or a portion of, the Company's bank debt or other long-term or short-term public or private debt or other similar financial obligations of the Company, which may be calculated net of such cash balances and or other offsets and adjustments as may be established by the Committee (v) the attainment of target levels of or a specified percentage increase in earnings per share or earnings per share from continuing operations (vi) the attainment of certain target levels of, or a specified increase in return on capital employed or return on invested capital (vii) the attainment of certain target levels of, or a percentage increase in, after-tax or pre-tax return on stockholders' equity (viii) the attainment of certain target levels of, or a specified increase in, economic value added targets based on a cash flow return on investment formula (ix) the attainment of certain target levels of or specified increases in the fair market value of the shares of the Company's common stock and (x) the growth in the value of an investment in the Company's common stock assuming the reinvestment of dividends. For purposes of item (i) above, extraordinary items shall mean all items of gain, loss or expense for the fiscal year determined to be extraordinary or unusual in nature or infrequent in occurrence or related to a corporate transaction (including, without limitation, a disposition or acquisition) or related to a change in accounting principle, all as determined in accordance with standards established by Opinion No. 30 of the Accounting Principles Board. The Committee may specify that specific items of income or expense may be included or excluded from the calculation of achievement of any of the foregoing Performance Criteria. 
 In addition, such Performance Criteria may be based upon the attainment of specified levels of Company (or subsidiary, division or other operational unit of the Company) performance under one or more of the measures described above relative to the performance of other corporations. To the extent permitted under Code Section 162(m), but only to the extent permitted under Code Section 162(m) (including, without limitation, compliance with any requirements for stockholder approval), the Committee may (i) designate additional business criteria on which the Performance Criteria may be based or (ii) adjust, modify or amend the aforementioned business criteria. 
 
 66 

</EX-10.(C)>

<EX-10.(L)(1)>
 4
 exhibit10l1-formofchangein.htm
 EX-10.(L)(1)

Document 

Exhibit 10(l)(1) 
 CHANGE-IN-CONTROL AGREEMENT 
 Tier 1 
 Dated Date 
 PERSONAL AND CONFIDENTIAL 
 Name 
 Title 
 Company Name 
 Dear Name 
 Comtech Telecommunications Corp. considers it essential to the best interests of its stockholders to foster the continued employment of its key management personnel and the key management personnel of its subsidiaries (such subsidiaries, together with Comtech Telecommunications Corp., collectively referred to as the Company ). In addition, our Board of Directors (the Board recognizes that the possibility of a change in ownership or control of the Company may result in the departure or distraction of key personnel to the detriment of the Company and our stockholders. Therefore, the Board has determined to enter into this agreement with you (i) to encourage and reinforce your attention and dedication to your assigned duties without distraction, including in the face of the disruptive circumstances that can arise from a possible change in control of the Company, (ii) to enhance our ability to retain you, and (iii) to provide you with fair and reasonable protection, including protection from the risks of a change in ownership and control so that you will be in a position to help the Company in a manner that would be beneficial to stockholders. 
 You and the Company agree as follows 
 1. Term of Agreement and Protected Period . 
 (a) Term of Agreement . The period during which this Agreement shall be in effect (the Term shall be the period commencing on Date (the Effective Date through the close of business on the second anniversary of the Effective Date provided , however , that the Term shall be automatically renewed for successive two-year periods unless either party hereto gives written notice of non-renewal to the other party at least sixty (60) days prior to the expiration of the then current Term and provided further , that if the Company (i) has entered into an agreement the consummation of which will constitute a Change in Control (a Control Agreement or (ii) a Change in Control has occurred, in either case prior to expiration of the then current Term, the Term shall continue until the date that is twenty-four (24) months after the 
 1 

occurrence of such Change in Control. The foregoing notwithstanding, during your employment with the Company prior to the beginning and after the end of the Protected Period (as defined below), the Company's obligations under Section 3(g) (and related provisions) will continue during the defined Extended Protection Period unless specifically terminated in accordance with Section 3(g). 
 (b) Protected Period . The Protected Period is the period from the time of occurrence of a Change in Control until the date that is twenty-four (24) months after the occurrence of the Change in Control. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the introductory text to Section 3 provides that certain events occurring before a Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred during the Protected Period. 
 2. Change in Control . Change in Control shall mean the occurrence during the Term of a Change in Control as defined in Section 14.2 of the 2000 Stock Incentive Plan, as such Plan may be amended from time to time (the 2000 Plan prior to the occurrence of a Change in Control. 
 3. Termination and Resulting Payments . 
 If you are Terminated within 90 days prior to a Change in Control by the Company without Cause at the direction of a Person who has entered into a Control Agreement with the Company, or if you Terminate with Good Reason within 90 days prior to a Change in Control (treating the entry by such a Person into such an agreement as a Change in Control in applying the definition of Good Reason) if the circumstance or event which constitutes Good Reason occurs at the direction of such Person, then your Termination shall be deemed to have been during the Protected Period and following a Change in Control and shall qualify for the CIC Payments specified in Section 3(b), with payments thereunder (in addition to any payments already provided under Section 3(g)) to occur on the business day following the 52nd day after the Change in Control (subject to the legal effectiveness of your release), except that, if a payment is deemed to be a deferral of compensation for purposes of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code and the Change in Control did not constitute a change in the ownership of the Company, a change in effective control of the Company, or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company, each as defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5), then settlement shall occur at the date that is six months after your Date of Termination. 
 (a) Termination by the Company for Cause or by You Without Good Reason During the Protected Period . If during the Protected Period you are Terminated by the Company for Cause or you voluntarily Terminate without Good Reason, the Company will have no obligation to pay any amounts or benefits to you under this Agreement. 
 (b) Terminations Triggering CIC Payments . The Company will pay you the payments and provide you the benefits described in this Section 3(b) upon Termination during 
 2 

the Protected Period and during the Term, unless such Termination is (A) by the Company for Cause, (B) by reason of death, (C) due to your failure to perform your duties with the Company due to a Disability (as defined in the 2000 Plan), or (D) by you without Good Reason. For purposes of this Section 3(b), a Termination shall be deemed to have occurred for Good Reason if, notwithstanding the existence of a valid basis of Termination by you for Good Reason, there has not occurred a Termination by you for Good Reason. The payments or benefits (the CIC Payments provided under this Section 3(b) are as follows 
 (i) The Company will pay you a lump sum CIC Payment, in cash, equal to 3.0 times your Annual Compensation. 
 (A) For this purpose, your Annual Compensation will be the sum of (1) plus (2), where (1) is the greater of your annual base salary in effect immediately prior to the occurrence of the event or circumstance upon which the Notice of Termination is based or your annual base salary in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control, and (2) is an amount equal to your target non-equity incentive award opportunity established by the Committee (as defined below) for the fiscal year in which your Termination occurs. 
 (ii) Other provisions of any plan or Annual Incentive Award authorization notwithstanding, with respect to your annual incentive award for the fiscal year in progress at your Date of Termination and your Annual Incentive Award for any previously completed year for which your final Annual Incentive Award has not yet been paid or payable or granted by the Board committee or other authorized decision maker with authority to make such determination (the Committee 
 (A) If and to the extent that the level of your earning of any such award is based on one or more pre-set performance goals, any such award shall be deemed earned and vested as of the Date of Termination based on the level of actual achievement of your applicable performance goal through the earlier of the end of the performance period or the Date of Termination. For this purpose, the level of actual achievement of your performance goal through the applicable date shall be determined in good faith by the Committee and without the exercise of negative discretion, and any requirement that this determination be based on audited financial results shall not apply. 
 (B) If and to the extent that the level of your earning of any such award is not based on pre-set performance goals (i.e., is discretionary), any such award shall be deemed vested as of the date of Termination and shall be deemed earned at a level consistent with the level 
 3 

of annual incentives (as a percentage of base salary) of other executives of comparable rank whose annual incentives are based on pre-set performance goals, provided that the annual incentive shall in no event be less than a pro rata amount of your target non-equity incentive award opportunity established by the Committee for the fiscal year in which your Termination occurs (with proration based on the portion of the applicable fiscal year during which you were employed). These determinations shall be made in good faith by the Committee and without the exercise of negative discretion, as provided above. 
 (C) No amount of such award will be payable based on performance after the Date of Termination under this Section 3(b)(ii). Subject to any restrictions imposed by Section 409A of the Code, if you are entitled to all or any portion of the annual incentive under any other plan or authorization, the amount payable hereunder will not be paid to the extent it would duplicate such payment of the annual incentive. The provisions regarding the timing of payment under Section 3(d) take precedence over any other payment timing rule applicable to any such annual incentive. 
 (D) In connection with this award, you will not be required to execute the Acknowledgement customarily required as a condition of payment of Annual Incentive Awards. 
 For purposes of this Section 3(b)(ii), if no Annual Incentive Award opportunity has been established for you for the fiscal year in progress at your Date of Termination, your Annual Incentive Award opportunity for that year will be deemed to be identical to the Annual Incentive Award opportunity that was established for the preceding year. 
 (iii) (A) Your stock options and other equity awards granted under the 2000 Plan (or any successor plan) (excluding long-term performance share or similar performance-vesting equity awards Performance Awards )) shall, subject to any restrictions imposed under Section 409A of the Code, become immediately vested and exercisable (if subject to exercise) and all restrictions on such awards shall lapse as of the date of your Termination, and (B) your Performance Awards shall, subject to any restrictions imposed under Section 409A of the Code, immediately vest at the maximum performance target as described in the applicable award agreement. 
 (iv) Subject to your continued compliance with Section 5, for the period under applicable law you are entitled to continue medical coverage following the Date of Termination (the Continuation Period ), the Company shall offer you continued participation in the Company s employee medical, dental and vision plans in which you are a participant immediately prior to the Date of Termination (the Medical Plans ), or 
 4 

such Medical Plans you may elect during any open enrollment period allowable by the Company or the Company s Medical Plan insurance providers or, if permitted, as elected on the Date of Termination, at the Company s expense, which coverage may be provided at the Company s election under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended, or other applicable law. Your participation in the Medical Plans during the Continuation Period shall be subject to your timely election of coverage. If at any time during the Continuation Period such continued coverage is not permitted under the terms and conditions of the applicable Medical Plan, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to arrange coverage for you under a medical coverage arrangement that provides benefits substantially equivalent to, and at a cost that is no less favorable to you on an after-tax basis, the benefits you would have been entitled to receive under the Medical Plan (assuming you had elected to participate voluntarily to the maximum extent permissible). Notwithstanding the foregoing, you agree and acknowledge that any continuation coverage provided under a Medical Plan shall be provided in a manner intended to comply with applicable law, including without limitation to avoid any excise tax under Section 4980D of the Code. 
 (c) Reduction in Certain Payments If Excise Tax Would Apply . 
 (i) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, in the event you become entitled to any amounts or benefits payable in connection with a Change in Control (whether or not such amounts are payable pursuant to this Agreement) (the Total Change in Control Payments ), if any of such Total Change in Control Payments are subject to the tax (the Excise Tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (or any similar federal, state or local tax that may hereafter be imposed), the Total Change in Control Payments shall be reduced to the Reduced Amount (as defined below) if, but only if, reducing the Total Change in Control Payments would provide to you a greater net after-tax amount of Total Change in Control Payments than would be the case if no such reduction took place. The Reduced Amount shall be an amount expressed in present value which maximizes the aggregate present value of the Total Change in Control Payments without causing any Change in Control Payment to be subject to the Excise Tax, determined in accordance with Section 280G(d)(4) of the Code. Any reduction in Total Change in Control Payments shall be implemented in accordance with Section 3(c)(ii). 
 (ii) Any reduction in payments under this Section 3(c) shall apply to cash payments and or vesting of equity awards so as to minimize the amount of compensation that is reduced (i.e., it applies to payments or vesting that to the greatest extent represent parachute payments), with the amount of compensation based on vesting to be measured (to be minimally reduced, for purposes of this provision) by the intrinsic value of the equity award at the date of such vesting. You will be advised of the 
 5 

determination as to which compensation will be reduced and the reasons therefor, and will be provided a detailed computation of such amounts, and you and your advisors will be entitled to present information that may be relevant to this determination. No reduction shall be applied to an amount that constitutes a deferral of compensation under Section 409A of the Code except for amounts that have become payable at the time of the reduction and as to which the reduction will not result in a non-reduction in a corresponding amount that is a deferral of compensation under Section 409A of the Code that is not currently payable. 
 For purposes of determining whether any of the Total Change in Control Payments will be subject to the Excise Tax and the amount of such Excise Tax 
 (A) The Total Change in Control Payments shall be treated as parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code, and all excess parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(1) of the Code shall be treated as subject to the Excise Tax, unless, and except to the extent that, in the written opinion of independent compensation consultants, counsel or auditors of nationally recognized standing Independent Advisors selected by the Company, the Total Change in Control Payments (in whole or in part) do not constitute parachute payments, or such excess parachute payments (in whole or in part) represent reasonable compensation for services actually rendered within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(4) of the Code in excess of the base amount within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code or are otherwise not subject to the Excise Tax. You will be provided a copy of any such written opinion, and all fees and expenses of the Independent Advisors shall be borne solely by the Company. 
 (B) The value of any non-cash benefits or any deferred payment or benefit shall be determined by the Independent Advisors in accordance with the principles of Sections 280G(d)(3) and (4) of the Code. 
 For purposes of determining reductions in compensation under this Section 3(c), if any, you will be deemed (A) to pay federal income taxes at the applicable rates of federal income taxation for the calendar year in which the compensation would be payable and (B) to pay any applicable state and local income taxes at the applicable rates of taxation for the calendar year in which the compensation would be payable, taking into account any effect on federal income taxes from payment of state and local income taxes. Compensation will be adjusted, if necessary, to provide for accurate payments or to correct any amounts previously estimated in determining the amount of reductions in compensation under this Section 3(c). However, no adjustments will be made later than 
 6 

the applicable deadline under Section 409A of the Code if such adjustments would result in a tax penalty under Section 409A of the Code. 
 (iii) The Company shall have the right to control all proceedings with the Internal Revenue Service (or relating thereto) that may arise in connection with the determination and assessment of any Excise Tax and, at its sole option and expense, the Company may pursue or forego any and all administrative appeals, proceedings, hearings, and conferences with any taxing authority in respect of such Excise Tax (including any interest or penalties thereon) provided, however, that the Company's control over any such proceedings shall be limited to issues with respect to which compensation may be reduced hereunder, and you will be entitled to settle or contest any other issue raised by the Internal Revenue Service or any other taxing authority. You agree to cooperate with the Company in any proceedings relating to the determination and assessment of any Excise Tax. 
 (d) Time of Payment . The Company s obligation to make the payments provided for in Section 3(b)(i) and (ii) shall be subject to your execution of a release, in the form attached as Exhibit A, which you have not revoked, such actions to be completed by the end of any applicable revocation period. Subject to the remainder of this Section 3(d), if and only if such release has become legally effective, on the business day immediately following the 52nd day after your Date of Termination, the Company shall pay the amount specified in Section 3(b)(i) and (ii) in a lump sum. For purposes of compliance with Section 409A of the Code, the payments under Section 3(b)(i) and (ii) shall each be deemed to be separate payments, and it is intended that the payment under Section 3(b)(i) and (ii) (and any related payment under Section 3(c)) in each case shall be deemed first to be a short-term deferral under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(4), and the payment under Section 3(b)(i) then shall be deemed to be separation pay excluded from being a deferral of compensation to the extent provided under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii). If, however, (i) for any reason all or any portion of the payment under Section 3(b)(i) or the payment under Section 3(b)(ii), is deemed to be a non-excluded deferral of compensation under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b) payable based upon your Termination, any payment (or any other payment or benefit hereunder considered to be such a non-excluded deferral of compensation) is intended to be paid or provided in accordance with Section 409A of the Code, and (ii) any of the Company s stock is publicly traded on an established securities market or otherwise, and (iii) at the Date of Termination you are a key employee (as defined in Code Section 416(i) without regard to paragraph (5) thereof), then the affected portion of such payment shall be made on the first business day that is on or after the date that is six months after the date of your separation from service (or if earlier, the date of your death). Likewise, if any other payment or benefit under this Agreement would be subject to a tax penalty under Section 409A of the Code, such payment or benefit will be payable to you only at the date specified in the preceding sentence if such delay would avoid such tax penalty to you. You shall not be entitled to exercise any influence on the time of any payment payable 
 7 

hereunder, including in any case in which the permitted payment period would include portions of two different tax years. 
 (e) Notice . During the Protected Period, any purported termination of your employment by the Company or by you shall be communicated by written Notice of Termination to the other party hereto. 
 (f) Certain Definitions . Except as otherwise indicated in this Agreement, all definitions in this Section 3(f) shall be applicable during the Protected Period only. 
 (i) Annual Incentive Award . Annual Incentive Award shall mean the annual incentive compensation (including for this purpose the grant date fair value of any long term performance share awards, restricted stock, stock options or any other equity based award) paid or payable or granted during the applicable fiscal year or any award to the extent specified by the Committee in the relevant award agreement or any other equity based awards in each case paid or payable or granted in lieu of annual non-equity incentive compensation for that fiscal year provided further that, (A) the grant date fair value of any equity based award granted as annual incentive compensation shall be included in the computation of the annual incentive amounts paid or granted in any applicable fiscal year based upon the grant date fair value of such award for accounting purposes and (B) any dividend equivalents paid or payable with respect to such an equity based award shall not be considered annual incentive compensation. 
 (ii) Cause . Cause for Termination by the Company of your employment, during the Protected Period, shall mean (A) willful misconduct, gross negligence, dishonesty, misappropriation, breach of fiduciary duty or fraud by you with regard to the Company or any of its assets or businesses (B) your conviction of or the pleading of guilty or nolo contendere with regard to any felony or crime (for the purpose hereof, traffic violations and misdemeanors shall not be deemed to be a crime) or (C) any material breach by you of the provisions of this Agreement or any written employment agreement between you and the Company which is not cured within 30 days after written notice to you of such breach from the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 (iii) Date of Termination . Date of Termination shall mean the date specified in the Notice of Termination which, in the case of a Termination by the Company (other than a Termination for Cause), shall not be less than 30 days from the date such Notice of Termination is given and, in the case of a Termination by you, shall not be less than 30 nor more than 60 days from the date such Notice of Termination is given (except as otherwise provided in Section 3(f)(v)). The date of your death or Termination due to Disability shall be the Date of Termination. 
 8 

(iv) Good Reason . Good Reason for Termination of your employment will mean the occurrence, without your written consent, of any one of the events specified in clause (A), (B) or (C) below, provided that you have given written Notice of Termination to the Company that an event constituting Good Reason has occurred within 90 days after the initial existence of the condition giving rise to such specified Good Reason, and the Company has failed to fully correct the specified Good Reason within 30 days after receipt of such Notice of Termination (such correction by the Company having the effect of canceling such Notice of Termination notice and any related Termination), and your separation from service occurs within two years after the initial event constituting Good Reason 
 (A) The assignment to you of any duties inconsistent in any material adverse respect with your position, authority or responsibilities or any other material adverse change in such position, authority or responsibilities for this purpose and for clarity (without limiting the scope of this clause (A)), your position, authority or responsibilities will be deemed to be materially and adversely changed if, during the period of your employment with the Company, (1) (I) you cease to serve in the position you held immediately prior to the occurrence of the material adverse change (your Pre-Trigger Position (x) with the Company or (y) following a Change in Control, with the ultimate parent entity of the group of entities that includes the Company (or any successor) or (II) you continue to serve in your Pre-Trigger Position but such ultimate parent entity or the Company (or any successor) does not have an outstanding class of common stock listed on a national securities exchange, or (2) the Board of Directors of the Company (or any successor) or a Board committee approves or adopts a significant business strategy or policy, including without limitation a material acquisition or disposition of assets, change in capitalization (including a material extraordinary dividend or spinoff), or reduction in force, which business strategy or policy was not approved by a majority of directors specified as not triggering a Change in Control in accordance with Section 14.2(b) of the 2000 Plan (or the substantially equivalent provision in any successor plan) 
 (B) A material reduction by the Company in either (i) your annual base salary in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control and as such base salary thereafter may have been increased, (ii) your annual incentive (as specified below), or (iii) your annual equity awards (as specified below). For this purpose, a reduction of 10,000 in amount or value, on an annualized basis, of your base salary or annual equity awards value, or of these two elements in the aggregate, will be deemed 
 9 

material (other changes may be material in the particular circumstances). A material reduction in your annual incentive will have occurred if the amount actually paid or payable to you for any year, all or part of which is in the Protected Period (including the year in which the Change in Control occurs), is reduced to a level less than 80 of your annual incentive actually paid for performance in the latest full fiscal year before the Change in Control, including the grant date fair value of any equity-based awards granted as a payment of your annual incentive. A material reduction in your annual equity awards will be based on the extent to which the aggregate grant date fair value of equity awards in a given fiscal year during the Protected Period is reduced from the grant date fair values of the annual equity awards granted to you from the Company before the Change in Control (these grants may have occurred in the same fiscal year as the Change in Control). Annual equity awards shall be deemed to have a value determined in a manner consistent with the Company's (or then parent company's) internal valuation method for such awards used at the time of grant. It shall not constitute a material reduction in the annual equity awards for the Company to change the form of such awards to either equity of the surviving parent corporation or cash, provided the value thereof is not materially reduced or 
 (C) The relocation of the principal place of your employment to a location more than fifty (50) miles from the location of such place of employment on the Effective Date except for required travel on the Company s business to an extent substantially consistent with your business travel obligations prior to the Change in Control. 
 (v) Notice of Termination . Notice of Termination shall mean notice indicating the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon and setting forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of your employment under the provision so indicated. 
 (vi) Termination . Termination means an event by which your then current employment relationship with the Company and all subsidiaries has ended, regardless of whether you are subsequently hired into a new position (including without limitation a position as a consultant), provided that, with respect to any payment hereunder which is deemed to be a non-excluded deferral of compensation under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b), a Termination will occur only at the time at which you have had a separation from service within the meaning of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(h). 
 10 

(g) Payment Outside the Protected Period . During your employment with the Company (which includes any affiliate of the Company) prior to or following the Protected Period, in the event that during the Extended Protection Period (as defined below) your employment is Terminated by the Company not for Cause or Terminated by you for Modified Good Reason (as defined in this Section 3(g)), you will be entitled to the payments and benefits under Sections 3(b)(i), (ii) and (iv) except that (A) the additional payments under Section 3(b)(i) will be equal to 2.0 times Annual Compensation and (B) the Continuation Period under Section 3(b)(iv) shall be 24 months (or such shorter period required by law). In addition, if your employment is Terminated by the Company not for Cause or Terminated by you with Modified Good Reason during the Extended Protection Period, all of your then outstanding and unvested stock option and other equity awards granted under the 2000 Plan (or any successor plan), excluding Performance Awards, shall, subject to any restrictions imposed under Section 409A of the Code, become immediately vested and exercisable (if subject to exercise) and all restrictions on such awards shall lapse as of the date of your Termination. Your Performance Awards shall, subject to any restrictions imposed under Section 409A of the Code, immediately vest at the maximum performance target as described in the applicable award agreement. For purposes of this Section 3(g), the Extended Protection Period means the period from (x) the Effective Date to the beginning of the Protected Period (the Pre-Protected Period and (y) the end of the Protected Period until the close of business on the second anniversary of the end of the Protected Period (the Post-Protected Period ), provided that the Extended Protection Period will be automatically renewed for successive two-year periods unless either party hereto gives written notice of non-renewal to the other party at least ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the then current Post-Protected Period of the Extended Protection Period. For purposes of this Section 3(g), Modified Good Reason shall mean the occurrence, without your written consent, of either (A) the assignment to you of any duties inconsistent in any material adverse respect with your position, authority or responsibilities or any other material adverse change in such position, authority or responsibilities, or you ceasing to serve in your Pre-Trigger Position (B) a material reduction by the Company in either (i) your annual base salary (including, during the Post-Protected Period, as in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control), (ii) your annual incentive (as specified below), or (iii) your annual equity awards (as specified below). For this purpose, a reduction of 10,000 in amount or value, on an annualized basis, of your base salary or annual equity awards value, or of these two elements in the aggregate, will be deemed material (other changes may be material in the particular circumstances). A material reduction in your annual incentive will have occurred if the amount actually paid or payable to you for any year is reduced to a level less than 80 of your annual incentive actually paid for performance in the latest full fiscal year before reduction (including any portion of a fiscal year that occurs during the Protected Period), including the grant date fair value of any equity-based awards granted as a payment of your annual incentive. A material reduction in your annual equity awards will be based on the extent to which the aggregate grant date fair value of equity awards in a given fiscal year of the Extended Protection Period is reduced from the grant date fair values 
 11 

of the annual equity awards granted to you from the Company in the immediately preceding fiscal year (including any portion of a fiscal year that occurs during the Protected Period). Annual equity awards shall be deemed to have a value determined in a manner consistent with the Company's (or then parent company's) internal valuation method for such awards used at the time of grant. It shall not constitute a material reduction in the annual equity awards for the Company to change the form of such awards to either equity of the surviving parent corporation or cash, provided the value thereof is not materially reduced or (C) the relocation of the principal place of your employment to a location more than fifty (50) miles from the location of such place of employment on the Effective Date except for required travel on the Company s business to an extent substantially consistent with your business travel obligations during the Extended Protection Period provided that, in each case, you have given Notice of Termination to the Company within 90 days after the initial existence of the condition giving rise to your asserted Modified Good Reason, and the Company has failed to fully correct the Modified Good Reason by your Date of Termination (which must be at least 30 days after the Notice is given) specified in the Notice of Termination (such correction by the Company having the effect of canceling such Notice and the resulting Termination), and your Termination occurs within one year after the initial existence of circumstances constituting Modified Good Reason. Other provisions of this Agreement applicable to Section 3(b) (for example, Section 3(d) and Section 6) shall apply to the payments and benefits under this Section 3(g) as well. If you remain employed as specified in this Section 3(g), the obligations of the Company under this Agreement shall continue for the applicable Post-Protected Period portion of the Extended Protection Period, without regard to provisions specifying the end of the Term. Any payments or benefits provided under this Section 3(g) prior to a Change in Control shall reduce any payments or benefits required to be paid pursuant to Sections 3(b)(i), (ii) or (iv), as applicable, following a Change in Control. 
 (h) Treatment of Equity Upon Termination by Reason of Death or Due to Disability . In the event of your Termination by reason of your death or due to your Disability (in either case whether prior to or during the Protected Period or during the Extended Protection Period), and subject the legal effectiveness of the release, your then outstanding and unvested equity awards will be treated as follows 
 (i) All then outstanding and unvested equity awards that vest solely based on continued service (e.g., stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units) will become fully vested as of the your Date of Termination due to death or Disability, and if subject to settlement (as opposed to exercise) will be settled in a manner consistent with the terms set forth in the applicable award agreement but in no event later than the date specified in Section 3(d) hereof. Any stock options or other equity awards that are or become exercisable on your Date of Termination due to your death or Disability may be exercised by you (or your estate) for one year 
 12 

following the Date of Termination, but in no event beyond the expiration of the stated term of such stock option. 
 (ii) All then outstanding and unvested equity awards that vest based in whole or in part on achievement of one or more performance goals shall be treated in accordance with terms of the applicable award agreement, it being understood that any such performance-based equity award granted on or after the Effective Date shall provide for vesting in the event of your death or Disability that is no less favorable than the vesting terms applicable to the most recent performance-based equity award granted to you prior to the Effective Date. 
 4. Mitigation . 
 You will not be required to mitigate the amount of payments provided for under this Agreement by seeking other employment or otherwise, nor shall the amount of payments provided for under this Agreement be reduced by any compensation earned by you as the result of employment by another employer, by retirement benefits, by offset against any amount claimed to be owed by you to the Company, or otherwise. 
 5. Covenants for Protection of Company s Business . In consideration for the payments and benefits provided by the Company under this Agreement, by your execution of this agreement you agree as follows 
 (i) You acknowledge that your services for the Company are of a special and unique nature and your position with the Company places you in a position of confidence and trust with clients and employees of the Company. Therefore, and in consideration of the Company s performance of its covenants and agreements under this Agreement and under any written employment agreement between you and the Company, you will not at any time during your employment with the Company and for a period of two years thereafter (the Restrictive Period ), directly or indirectly, engage in any business (as an owner, joint venturer, partner, stockholder, director, officer, consultant, agent or otherwise, other than as the owner of less than 1 of the outstanding class of a publicly traded security) which competes with the business in which the Company is presently engaged or may be engaged at any time during your employment with the Company. 
 (ii) You agree that you will not (except on behalf of the Company during your employment with the Company), during the Restrictive Period, employ or retain, solicit the employment or retention of, or knowingly cause or encourage any entity to retain or solicit the employment or retention of, any person who is or was an employee of the Company at any time during the period commencing 12 months prior to your Termination of Employment. After your Termination of Employment (A) You will refrain from disparaging, whether orally, in writing or 
 13 

in other media, the Company, its affiliates, the officers, directors and employees of each of them, and the products and services of each of them, and (B) the Company will not disparage you or otherwise comment upon your employment performance other than as may be required by law or as requested by you. 
 (iii) You will not at any time, directly or indirectly, without the Company's prior written consent, disclose to any third party or use (except as authorized in the regular course of the Company's business or in your performance of your responsibilities for the Company) any confidential, proprietary or trade secret information that was either acquired by you during your employment with the Company or thereafter, including, without limitation, sales and marketing information, information relating to existing or prospective customers and markets, business opportunities, and financial, technical and other data (collectively, the Confidential Information ). After termination of your employment with the Company for any reason and upon the written request of the Company, you shall promptly return to the Company all originals and or copies of written or recorded material (regardless of the medium) containing or reflecting any Confidential Information and shall promptly confirm in writing to the Company that such action has been taken. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following shall not constitute Confidential Information (A) Information that is already in the public domain at the time of its disclosure to you (B) Information that, after its disclosure to you, becomes part of the public domain by publication or otherwise other than through your act and (C) Information that you received from a third party having the right to make such disclosure without restriction on disclosure or use thereof. 
 (iv) Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prevent you from (A) responding truthfully to a valid subpoena or (B) reporting to, communicating with, contacting, responding to an inquiry from, cooperating with, providing relevant information to or otherwise participating or assisting in an investigation conducted by (1) any federal, state or local governmental or regulatory body or official(s) or self-regulatory organization regarding a possible violation of any state or federal laws or regulations that has occurred, is occurring or is about to occur, including, but not limited to, the Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission and any other equivalent office of a federal or state agency or Inspector General or (2) the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board or any other governmental authority with responsibility for the administration of labor or employment laws regarding a possible violation of such laws. Prior authorization of the Company shall not be required to make any reports or disclosures described above and you are not required to notify the Company that you have made such reports or disclosures. Additionally, you will not be held criminally or civilly liable for disclosure of a trade secret made in confidence to a government official (federal, state, or local) or to an attorney for the sole purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected legal violation. Further, you will not be liable for disclosing a trade secret in a lawsuit and other proceeding if the filings are made under seal. 
 14 

If it is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in any state that any restriction in this Section 5 is excessive in duration or scope or is unreasonable or unenforceable under the laws of that state, it is the intention of the parties that such restriction may be modified or amended by the court to render it enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by the laws of that state. 
 You acknowledge and agree that the Company s remedies at law for a breach or threatened breach of any of the provisions of Section 5 would be inadequate and, in recognition of this fact, you agree that, in the event of such a breach or threatened breach, in addition to any remedies at law, the Company, without posting any bond, may be entitled to obtain equitable relief in the form of specific performance, a temporary restraining order, a temporary or permanent injunction or any other equitable remedy which may then be available. Further, in the event you breach any of the foregoing covenants of this Section 5, in addition to any other remedies available to the Company, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the Company shall have the right to recoup from you, and you shall be obligated to repay to the Company, an amount equal to the actual amount of the CIC Payment paid to you pursuant to Section 3(b)(i) multiplied by the Recoverable Portion. For the purposes of this Section 5, Recoverable Portion means a percentage obtained by dividing (i) the number of days remaining in the Restrictive Period from and after the commencement of such breach, by (ii) 730. For the avoidance of doubt, recoupment by the Company pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence shall neither be deemed liquidated damages, nor shall it preclude the Company from seeking or obtaining a judgment against you for damages caused by your breach of the foregoing covenants of this Section 5. 
 6. Prior Acknowledgment. 
 In connection with a Termination which entitles you to CIC Payments pursuant to Section 3(b), your agreement not to voluntarily terminate your employment with the Company or any of its affiliates, which is set forth in any Acknowledgement previously executed by you as a condition of payment of an Annual Incentive Award, shall terminate, shall no longer be a condition of your right to retain such Annual Incentive Award, and shall be of no further force or effect. 
 7. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) Successors . The Company shall require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and or assets of the Company to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. As used in this Agreement, Company shall mean the Company as hereinbefore defined and any successor to its business and or assets as aforesaid which assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of law, or otherwise. 
 15 

(b) Binding Agreement . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by you and your personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. In the event of your death, all amounts otherwise payable to you hereunder shall, unless otherwise provided herein, be paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to your devisee, legatee or other designee or, if there is no such designee, to your estate. 
 (c) Notice . Notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when (i) personally delivered or (ii) mailed by United States certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the respective addresses set forth on the first page of this Agreement provided that all notice to the Company shall be directed to the attention of the Board with a copy to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, or to such other address as either party may have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith, except that notice of change of address shall be effective only upon receipt. 
 (d) Modifications . No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by you and such officer as may be designated by the Board. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto of, or compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the time or at any prior or subsequent time. 
 (e) Governing Law . THE VALIDITY, INTERPRETATION, CONSTRUCTION AND PERFORMANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO ITS CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES. 
 (f) Tax Withholding . Any payments provided for hereunder shall be paid net of any applicable withholding required under federal, state or local law. 
 (g) Surviving Obligations . The obligations of the Company and your obligations under this Agreement shall survive the expiration of this Agreement to the extent necessary to give effect to this Agreement. 
 (h) Validity . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. 
 (i) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 
 16 

(j) Entire Agreement . This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein and supersedes the provisions of all prior agreements (including any prior Change in Control Agreement between you and the Company and any severance provisions set forth in any prior written employment agreement between you and the Company), promises, covenants, arrangements, communications, representations or warranties, whether oral or written, by any officer, employee or representative of any party hereof with respect to the subject matter contained herein. No agreements or representations, oral or otherwise, express or implied, with respect to the subject matter hereof have been made by either party which are not expressly set forth in this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the procedural provisions of this Agreement shall apply to all benefits payable as a result of a Change in Control (or other change in control). In the event that the terms of this Agreement conflict with the terms of any equity award agreement or equity incentive plan governing any such equity award, the terms of this Agreement shall control. 
 If this letter sets forth our agreement on the subject matter hereof, kindly sign and return to the Company the enclosed copy of this letter, which will then constitute our agreement on this subject. 
 COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. 
 
 By ______________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 Agreed to as of this __ day of ____, Year . 
 _______________________ Name 
 
 17 

Exhibit A 
 General Release 
 For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which is hereby acknowledged, I, for myself and my successors, assigns, heirs and representatives (each, a Releasing Party ), hereby release and forever discharge Comtech Telecommunications Corp. (the Company ), its stockholders, officers, directors, employees, agents and attorneys, and their respective successors, assigns, heirs and representatives (each, a Released Party ), individually and collectively, from any and all claims, demands, causes of action, liabilities or obligations, known or unknown, pending or not pending, liquidated or not liquidated, of every kind and nature whatsoever (collectively, the Released Claims which the Releasing Party has, has had or may have against any one or more of the Released Parties arising out of, based upon or in any way, directly or indirectly, related to the Company's business, my employment with the Company or the termination of such employment provided, however, that this General Release shall have no effect whatsoever upon (a) the Company's obligations, if any, to pay CIC Payments pursuant to the Change in Control Agreement between the undersigned and the Company, dated as of Date (the CIC Agreement or the rights of the undersigned to enforce such obligations (b) any and all obligations of the Released Parties to defend, indemnify, hold harmless or reimburse the undersigned under the Indemnification Agreement between the Company and the undersigned, and or under applicable law and or under the respective charters and by-laws of the Released Parties, and or pursuant to insurance policies, if any, for acts or omissions in the undersigned s capacity as a director, officer and or employee thereof and (c) any and all rights the undersigned may have to vested or accrued benefits or entitlements under and in accordance with any applicable plan, agreement, program, award, policy or arrangement of a Released Party. 
 The Released Claims include, without limitation, (a) all claims arising out of or relating to breach of contract, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1866, the National Labor Relations Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act and or any other federal, state or local statute, law, ordinance, regulation or order as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time, (b) all claims for back pay, lost benefits, reinstatement, liquidated damages, punitive damages, and damages on account of any alleged personal, physical or emotional injury, and (c) all claims for attorneys' fees and costs. 
 I agree that I am voluntarily executing this General Release. I acknowledge that I am knowingly and voluntarily waiving and releasing any rights I may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 and that the consideration given for the waiver and release is in addition to anything of value to which I was already entitled. I further acknowledge that I have been advised by this writing, as required by the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, that (a) my waiver and release specified herein does not apply to any rights or 
 1 

claims that may arise after the date I sign this General Release or my rights with respect to CIC Payments, if any, payable to me pursuant to the CIC Agreement (b) I have the right to consult with an attorney prior to signing this General Release (c) I have twenty-one (21) days to consider this General Release (although I may choose to sign it earlier) (d) I have seven (7) days after I sign this General Release to revoke it and (e) this General Release will not be effective until the date on which the revocation period has expired, which will be the eighth day after I sign this General Release, assuming I have returned it to the Company by such date. 
 
 By 
 Dated 
 2 

</EX-10.(L)(1)>

<EX-10.(L)(2)>
 5
 exhibit10l2-formofchangein.htm
 EX-10.(L)(2)

Document 

Exhibit 10(l)(2) 
 
 CHANGE-IN-CONTROL AGREEMENT 
 Tier 2 
 
 Dated Date 
 
 PERSONAL AND CONFIDENTIAL 
 
 Name 
 Title 
 Company Name 
 
 Dear Name 
 
 Comtech Telecommunications Corp. considers it essential to the best interests of its stockholders to foster the continued employment of its key management personnel and the key management personnel of its subsidiaries (such subsidiaries, together with Comtech Telecommunications Corp., collectively referred to as the Company ). Our Board of Directors (the Board recognizes that the possibility of a change in ownership or control of the Company may result in the departure or distraction of key personnel to the detriment of the Company and our stockholders. Therefore, the Board has determined to enter into this agreement with you (i) to encourage and reinforce your attention and dedication to your assigned duties without distraction in the face of the disruptive circumstances that can arise from a possible change in control of the Company, (ii) to enhance our ability to retain you in those circumstances, and (iii) to provide you with fair and reasonable protection from the risks of a change in ownership and control so that you will be in a position to help the Company complete a transaction that would be beneficial to stockholders. 
 
 You and the Company agree as follows 
 
 1. Term of Agreement and Protected Period. 
 
 (a) Term of Agreement . The period during which this Agreement shall be in effect (the Term shall be the period commencing on Date (the Effective Date through the close of business on the second anniversary of the Effective Date provided , however, that the Term shall be automatically renewed for successive one-year periods unless either party hereto gives written notice of non-renewal to the other party at least sixty (60) days prior to the expiration of the then current Term and provided further , that if a Change in Control has occurred prior to expiration of the then current Term, the Term shall continue until the date that is twenty-four (24) months after such occurrence of a Change in Control. The foregoing notwithstanding, if you remain employed with the Company at the end of the Protected Period (as defined below), the Company's obligations under Section 3(g) (and related provisions) will continue during the defined Extended Protection Period after the end of the Protected Period. 
 
 (b) Protected Period . The Protected Period is the period from the time of occurrence of a Change in Control until the date that is twenty-four (24) months after the occurrence of the Change in Control. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the introductory text to Section 3 
 1 

provides that certain events occurring before a Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred during the Protected Period. 
 
 2. Change in Control . 
 
 Change in Control shall mean the occurrence during the Term of a Change in Control as defined in Section 14.2 of the 2000 Stock Incentive Plan, as such Plan may be amended from time to time. 
 
 3. Termination and Resulting Payments . 
 
 The Agreement provides no payments or benefits in connection with Terminations which occur prior to a Change in Control, except that, if you are Terminated within 90 days prior to a Change in Control by the Company without Cause at the direction of a Person who has entered into an agreement with the Company the consummation of which will constitute a Change in Control, or if you Terminate with Good Reason within 90 days prior to a Change in Control (treating the entry by such a Person into such an agreement as a Change in Control in applying the definition of Good Reason) if the circumstance or event which constitutes Good Reason occurs at the direction of such Person, then your Termination shall be deemed to have been during the Protected Period and following a Change in Control and shall qualify for the CIC Payments specified in Section 3(b) with payments thereunder to occur on the business day following the 52 nd day after the Change in Control (subject to the legal effectiveness of your release), except that, if a payment is deemed to be a deferral of compensation for purposes of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code and the Change in Control did not constitute a change in the ownership of the Company, a change in effective control of the Company, or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company, as defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5), then settlement shall occur at the date six months after your Date of Termination. 
 
 (a) Termination by the Company for Cause, by You Without Good Reason, or by Reason of Death, and Failure to Perform Duties Due to Disability . If during the Protected Period you are Terminated by the Company for Cause, you voluntarily Terminate without Good Reason, Termination occurs due to your death, or Termination results from your failure to perform your duties with the Company due to a disability (for which you qualify for disability benefits), the Company will have no obligation to pay any amounts or benefits to you under this Agreement. 
 
 (b) Terminations Triggering CIC Payments . The Company will pay you the payments and provide you the benefits described in this Section 3(b) upon Termination during the Protected Period and during the Term, unless such Termination is (A) by the Company for Cause, (B) by reason of death, (C) due to your failure to perform your duties with the Company due to disability (for which you qualify for disability benefits), or (D) by you without Good Reason. For purposes of this Section 3(b), a Termination shall be deemed to have occurred for Good Reason if, notwithstanding the existence of a valid basis of Termination by you for Good Reason, there has not occurred a Termination by you for Good Reason. The payments or benefits (the CIC Payments provided under this Section 3(b) are as follows 
 
 (i) The Company will pay you a lump sum CIC Payment, in cash, equal to the lesser of (x) the CIC Multiple times your Annual Compensation or (y) 2.5 times your Annual Compensation. 
 
 2 

(A) For this purpose, your CIC Multiple will be a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of full months that you were employed by the Company prior to Termination and the denominator of which is twelve (12). 
 
 (B) For this purpose, your Annual Compensation will be the sum of (1) plus (2), where (1) is the greater of your annual base salary in effect immediately prior to the occurrence of the event or circumstance upon which the Notice of Termination is based or your annual base salary in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control, and (2) is an amount equal to your target non-equity incentive award opportunity established by the Committee (as defined below) for the fiscal year in which your Termination occurs. 
 
 (ii) Other provisions of any plan or Annual Incentive Award authorization notwithstanding, with respect to your annual incentive award for the fiscal year in progress at your Date of Termination and your Annual Incentive Award for any previously completed year for which your final Annual Incentive Award has not yet been determined by the Board committee or other authorized decision maker with authority to make such determination (the Committee 
 
 (A) If and to the extent that the level of your earning of any such award is based on one or more pre-set performance goals, any such award shall be deemed earned and vested as of the Date of Termination based on the level of actual achievement of your applicable performance goal through the earlier of the end of the performance period or the Date of Termination. For this purpose, the level of actual achievement of your performance goal through the applicable date shall be determined in good faith by the Committee and without the exercise of negative discretion, and any requirement that this determination be based on audited financial results shall not apply. 
 
 (B) If and to the extent that the level of your earning of any such award is not based on pre-set performance goals (i.e., is discretionary), any such award shall be deemed vested as of the date of Termination and shall be deemed earned at a level consistent with the level of annual incentives (as a percentage of base salary) of other executives of comparable rank whose annual incentives are based on pre-set performance goals, provided that the annual incentive shall in no event be less than a pro rata amount of your target non-equity incentive award opportunity established by the Committee for the fiscal year in which your Termination occurs (with proration based on the portion of the applicable fiscal year during which you were employed). These determinations shall be made in good faith by the Committee and without the exercise of negative discretion, as provided above. 
 
 (C) No amount of such award will be payable based on performance after the Date of Termination under this Section 3(b)(ii). If you are entitled to all or any portion of the annual incentive under any other plan or authorization, the amount payable hereunder will not be paid to the extent it would duplicate such payment of the annual incentive. The provisions 
 3 

regarding the timing of payment under Section 3(d) take precedence over any other payment timing rule applicable to any such annual incentive. 
 
 (D) In connection with this award, you will not be required to execute the Acknowledgement customarily required as a condition of payment of Annual Incentive Awards. 
 
 For purposes of this Section 3(b)(ii), if no Annual Incentive Award opportunity has been established for you for the fiscal year in progress at your Date of Termination, your Annual Incentive Award opportunity for that year will be deemed to be identical to the Annual Incentive Award opportunity that was established for the preceding year. 
 
 (iii) Your stock options and other equity awards shall be governed by the terms of the applicable plans and award agreements. 
 
 (iv) Subject to your continued compliance with Section 5, for the period under applicable law you are entitled to continue medical coverage following the Date of Termination (the Continuation Period ), the Company shall offer you continued participation in the Company s employee medical, dental and vision plans in which you are a participant immediately prior to the Date of Termination (the Medical Plans ), or such Medical Plans you may elect during any open enrollment period allowable by the Company or the Company s Medical Plan insurance providers or, if permitted, as elected on the Date of Termination, at the Company s expense, which coverage may be provided at the Company s election under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended, or other applicable law. Your participation in the Medical Plans during the Continuation Period shall be subject to your timely election of coverage. If at any time during the Continuation Period such continued coverage is not permitted under the terms and conditions of the applicable Medical Plan, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to arrange coverage for you under a medical coverage arrangement that provides benefits substantially equivalent to, and at a cost that is no less favorable to you on an after-tax basis, the benefits you would have been entitled to receive under the Medical Plan (assuming you had elected to participate voluntarily to the maximum extent permissible). Notwithstanding the foregoing, you agree and acknowledge that any continuation coverage provided under a Medical Plan shall be provided in a manner intended to comply with applicable law, including without limitation to avoid any excise tax under Section 4980D of the Code. 
 
 (c) Reduction in Certain Payments If Excise Tax Would Apply. 
 
 (i) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, in the event you become entitled to any amounts or benefits payable in connection with a Change in Control (whether or not such amounts are payable pursuant to this Agreement) (the Total Change in Control Payments ), if any of such Total Change in Control Payments are subject to the tax (the Excise Tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (or any similar federal, state or local tax that may hereafter be imposed), the Total Change in Control Payments shall be reduced to the Reduced Amount (as defined below) if, but only if, reducing the Total Change in Control Payments would provide to you a greater net after-tax amount of Total Change in Control Payments than would be 
 4 

the case if no such reduction took place. The Reduced Amount shall be an amount expressed in present value which maximizes the aggregate present value of the Total Change in Control Payments without causing any Change in Control Payment to be subject to the Excise Tax, determined in accordance with Section 280G(d)(4) of the Code. Any reduction in Total Change in Control Payments shall be implemented in accordance with Section 3(c)(ii). 
 
 (ii) Any reduction in payments under this Section 3(c) shall apply to cash payments and or vesting of equity awards so as to minimize the amount of compensation that is reduced (i.e., it applies to payments or vesting that to the greatest extent represent parachute payments), with the amount of compensation based on vesting to be measured (to be minimally reduced, for purposes of this provision) by the intrinsic value of the equity award at the date of such vesting. You will be advised of the determination as to which compensation will be reduced and the reasons therefor, and will be provided a detailed computation of such amounts, and you and your advisors will be entitled to present information that may be relevant to this determination. No reduction shall be applied to an amount that constitutes a deferral of compensation under Code Section 409A except for amounts that have become payable at the time of the reduction and as to which the reduction will not result in a non-reduction in a corresponding amount that is a deferral of compensation under Code Section 409A that is not currently payable. 
 
 For purposes of determining whether any of the Total Change in Control Payments will be subject to the Excise Tax and the amount of such Excise Tax 
 
 (A) The Total Change in Control Payments shall be treated as parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code, and all excess parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(1) of the Code shall be treated as subject to the Excise Tax, unless, and except to the extent that, in the written opinion of independent compensation consultants, counsel or auditors of nationally recognized standing Independent Advisors selected by the Company, the Total Change in Control Payments (in whole or in part) do not constitute parachute payments, or such excess parachute payments (in whole or in part) represent reasonable compensation for services actually rendered within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(4) of the Code in excess of the base amount within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code or are otherwise not subject to the Excise Tax. You will be provided a copy of any such written opinion, and all fees and expenses of the Independent Advisors shall be borne solely by the Company. 
 
 (B) The value of any non-cash benefits or any deferred payment or benefit shall be determined by the Independent Advisors in accordance with the principles of Sections 280G(d)(3) and (4) of the Code. 
 
 For purposes of determining reductions in compensation under this Section 3(c), if any, you will be deemed (A) to pay federal income taxes at the applicable rates of federal income taxation for the calendar year in which the compensation would be payable and (B) to pay any applicable state and local income taxes at the applicable rates of taxation for the calendar year in which the compensation would be payable, taking into account any effect on federal income taxes from payment of state and local income taxes. Compensation will be adjusted, if necessary, to provide for accurate payments or to correct any amounts previously estimated in determining the amount of reductions in compensation under this Section 3(c). However, no adjustments will be made later than the applicable deadline under Code Section 409A if such adjustments would result in a tax penalty under Section 409A. 
 5 

(iii) The Company shall have the right to control all proceedings with the Internal Revenue Service (or relating thereto) that may arise in connection with the determination and assessment of any Excise Tax and, at its sole option and expense, the Company may pursue or forego any and all administrative appeals, proceedings, hearings, and conferences with any taxing authority in respect of such Excise Tax (including any interest or penalties thereon) provided, however, that the Company's control over any such proceedings shall be limited to issues with respect to which compensation may be reduced hereunder, and you will be entitled to settle or contest any other issue raised by the Internal Revenue Service or any other taxing authority. You agree to cooperate with the Company in any proceedings relating to the determination and assessment of any Excise Tax. 
 
 (d) Time of Payment . The Company s obligation to make the payments provided for in Section 3(b)(i) and (ii) shall be subject to your execution of a release, in the form attached as Exhibit A, which you have not revoked, such actions to be completed by the end of any applicable revocation period. If and only if such release has become legally effective, on the business day immediately following the 52 nd day after your Date of Termination, the Company shall pay the amount specified in Section 3(b)(i) and (ii) in a lump sum. For purposes of compliance with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code, the payments under Section 3(b)(i) and (ii) shall each be deemed to be separate payments, and it is intended that the payment under Section 3(b)(i) and (ii) (and any related payment under Section 3(c)) in each case shall be deemed first to be a short-term deferral under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(4), and the payment under Section 3(b)(i) then shall be deemed to be separation pay excluded from being a deferral of compensation to the extent provided under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii). If, however, (i) for any reason all or any portion of the payment under Section 3(b)(i) or the payment under Section 3(b)(ii), is deemed to be a non-excluded deferral of compensation under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b) payable based upon your Termination, and (ii) any of the Company s stock is publicly traded on an established securities market or otherwise, and (iii) at the Date of Termination you are a key employee (as defined in Code Section 416(i) without regard to paragraph (5) thereof), then the affected portion of such payment shall be made on the first business day that is on or after the date that is six months after the date of your separation from service. Likewise, if any other payment or benefit under this Agreement would be subject to a tax penalty under Code Section 409A, such payment or benefit will be payable to you only at the date specified in the preceding sentence if such delay would avoid such tax penalty to you. You shall not be entitled to exercise any influence on the time of any payment payable hereunder, including in any case in which the permitted payment period would include portions of two different tax years. 
 
 (e) Notice . During the Protected Period, any purported termination of your employment by the Company or by you shall be communicated by written Notice of Termination to the other party hereto. 
 
 (f) Certain Definitions . Except as otherwise indicated in this Agreement, all definitions in this Section 3(f) shall be applicable during the Protected Period only. 
 
 (i) Annual Incentive Award. Annual Incentive Award shall mean the annual incentive compensation (including for this purpose any long term performance share awards, restricted stock, stock options or any other equity based award) paid or payable or granted during the applicable fiscal year or any award to the extent specified by the Committee in the relevant award agreement or any other 
 6 

equity based awards in each case paid or payable or granted in lieu of annual non-equity incentive compensation for that fiscal year provided further that, (A) the grant date fair value of any equity based award granted as annual incentive compensation shall be included in the computation of the annual incentive amounts paid or granted in any applicable fiscal year based upon the grant date fair value of such award for accounting purposes and (B) any dividend equivalents paid or payable with respect to such an equity based award shall not be considered annual incentive compensation. 
 
 (ii) Cause . Cause for Termination by the Company of your employment, during the Protected Period, shall mean (A) willful misconduct, dishonesty, misappropriation, breach of fiduciary duty or fraud by you with regard to the Company or any of its assets or businesses (B) your conviction or your pleading of nolo contendere with regard to any felony or crime (for the purpose hereof, traffic violations and misdemeanors shall not be deemed to be a crime) or (C) any material breach by you of the provisions of this Agreement which is not cured within 30 days after written notice to you of such breach from the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 
 (iii) Date of Termination . Date of Termination shall mean the date specified in the Notice of Termination which, in the case of a Termination by the Company (other than a Termination for Cause), shall not be less than 30 days from the date such Notice of Termination is given and, in the case of a Termination by you, shall not be less than 30 nor more than 60 days from the date such Notice of Termination is given (except as otherwise provided in Section 3(f)(v)). 
 
 (iv) Good Reason . Good Reason for Termination of your employment will mean the occurrence, without your written consent, of any one of the following, provided that, you have given Notice of Termination to the Company within 90 days after the initial existence of the condition giving rise to your asserted Good Reason, and the Company has failed to fully correct the Good Reason by your Date of Termination (which must be at least 30 days after the Notice is given, specified in the Notice of Termination (such correction by the Company having the effect of canceling such Notice and the resulting Termination), and your Termination occurs within one year after the initial existence of circumstances constituting Good Reason 
 
 (A) The assignment to you of any duties inconsistent in any material adverse respect with your position, authority or responsibilities immediately prior to the occurrence of the Change in Control or any other material adverse change in such position, including authority or responsibilities 
 
 (B) A material reduction by the Company in either (i) your annual base salary in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control and as such base salary thereafter may have been increased, (ii) your annual incentive (as specified below), or (iii) your annual equity awards (as specified below). For this purpose, a reduction of 10,000 in amount or value, on an annualized basis, of your base salary or annual equity awards value, or of these two elements in the aggregate, will be deemed material (other changes may be material in the 
 7 

particular circumstances). A material reduction in your annual incentive will have occurred if the amount actually paid or payable to you for any year, all or part of which is in the Protected Period (including the year in which the Change in Control occurs), is reduced to a level less than 80 of your annual incentive actually paid for performance in the latest full fiscal year before the Change in Control, including the grant date fair value of any equity-based awards granted as a payment of your annual incentive. A material reduction in your annual equity awards will be based on the extent to which the aggregate grant date fair value of equity awards in a given fiscal year during the Protected Period is reduced from the grant date fair values of the annual equity awards granted to you from the Company before the Change in Control (these grants may have occurred in the same fiscal year as the Change in Control). Annual equity awards shall be deemed to have a value determined in a manner consistent with the Company's (or then parent company's) internal valuation method for such awards used at the time of grant. It shall not constitute a material reduction in the annual equity awards for the Company to change the form of such awards to either equity of the surviving parent corporation or cash, provided the value thereof is not materially reduced or 
 
 (C) The relocation of the principal place of your employment to a location more than fifty (50) miles from the location of such place of employment on the Effective Date except for required travel on the Company s business to an extent substantially consistent with your business travel obligations prior to the Change in Control. 
 
 (v) Notice of Termination . Notice of Termination shall mean notice indicating the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon and setting forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of your employment under the provision so indicated. 
 
 (vi) Termination . Termination means an event by which your then current employment relationship with the Company and all subsidiaries has ended, regardless of whether you are subsequently hired into a new position (including without limitation a position as a consultant), provided that, with respect to any payment hereunder which is deemed to be a non-excluded deferral of compensation under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b), a Termination will occur only at the time at which you have had a separation from service within the meaning of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(h). 
 
 (g) Additional Payment Following the Protected Period . If you remain employed by the Company (which includes any affiliate of the Company) after the Protected Period, in the event that during the Extended Protection Period (as defined below) following the Protected Period your employment is Terminated by the Company not for Cause or Terminated by you for Modified Good Reason (as defined in this Section 3(g)), you will be entitled to the payments and benefits under Section 3(b) except that the additional payments under Section 3(b)(i) will be equal to 1.5 times Annual Compensation. For purposes of this Section 3(g), the Extended Protection Period means the period from the end of the Protected Period until the close of business on the first anniversary of the end of the Protected Period, provided that the Extended Protection Period will be automatically renewed for successive one-year periods unless either party hereto gives written notice of non-renewal to the other party at least ninety (90) days prior 
 8 

to the expiration of the then current Extended Protection Period. For purposes of this Section 3(g), Modified Good Reason shall mean the occurrence, without your written consent, of either (A) the assignment to you of any duties inconsistent in any material adverse respect with your position, authority or responsibilities 60 days before the end of the Protected Period or any other material adverse change in such position, including authority or responsibilities (B) the event specified in Section 3(f)(iv)(B) or (C) the event specified in Section 3(f)(iv)(C) provided that, in each case, you have given Notice of Termination to the Company within 90 days after the initial existence of the condition giving rise to your asserted Modified Good Reason, and the Company has failed to fully correct the Modified Good Reason by your Date of Termination (which must be at least 30 days after the Notice is given) specified in the Notice of Termination (such correction by the Company having the effect of canceling such Notice and the resulting Termination), and your Termination occurs within one year after the initial existence of circumstances constituting Modified Good Reason. Other provisions of this Agreement applicable to Section 3(b) (for example, Section 3(d) and Section 6) shall apply to the payments and benefits under this Section 3(g) as well. If you remain employed as specified in this Section 3(g), the obligations of the Company under this Agreement shall continue for the applicable Extended Protection Period after the end of the Protected Period, without regard to provisions specifying the end of the Term. 
 
 4. Mitigation . 
 
 You will not be required to mitigate the amount of payments provided for under this Agreement by seeking other employment or otherwise, nor shall the amount of payments provided for under this Agreement be reduced by any compensation earned by you as the result of employment by another employer, by retirement benefits, by offset against any amount claimed to be owed by you to the Company, or otherwise. 
 
 5. Covenants for Protection of Company s Business . In consideration for the payments and benefits provided by the Company under this Agreement, by your execution of this agreement you agree as follows 
 
 (i) You will not (except on behalf of the Company) during your employment with the Company and during the period of 12 months thereafter (the Restrictive Period employ or retain, solicit the employment or retention of, or knowingly cause or encourage any entity to retain or solicit the employment or retention of, any person who is an employee of the Company or was an employee of the Company at any time during the period commencing 12 months prior to the termination of your employment with the Company. After your Termination of Employment (A) You will refrain from disparaging, whether orally, in writing or in other media, the Company, its affiliates, the officers, directors and employees of each of them, and the products and services of each of them, and (B) the Company will not disparage you or otherwise comment upon your employment performance other than as may be required by law or as requested by you. 
 (ii) You will not at any time, directly or indirectly, without the Company's prior written consent, disclose to any third party or use (except as authorized in the regular course of the Company's business or in your performance of your responsibilities for the Company) any confidential, proprietary or trade secret information that was either acquired by you during your employment with the Company or thereafter, including, without limitation, sales and marketing 
 9 

information, information relating to existing or prospective customers and markets, business opportunities, and financial, technical and other data (collectively, the Confidential Information ). After termination of your employment with the Company for any reason and upon the written request of the Company, you shall promptly return to the Company all originals and or copies of written or recorded material (regardless of the medium) containing or reflecting any Confidential Information and shall promptly confirm in writing to the Company that such action has been taken. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following shall not constitute Confidential Information (A) Information that is already in the public domain at the time of its disclosure to you (B) Information that, after its disclosure to you, becomes part of the public domain by publication or otherwise other than through your act and (C) Information that you received from a third party having the right to make such disclosure without restriction on disclosure or use thereof. 
 (iii) You will not during your employment with the Company and during the Restrictive Period engage in Competition. For purposes of this Section 5(iii), Competition is the performance of services, whether as an employee, owner, advisor, consultant, director, stockholder, officer, or any other capacity, for any of the entities listed on Schedule 5(iii) to this Agreement. 
 If it is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in any state that any restriction in this Section 5 is excessive in duration or scope or is unreasonable or unenforceable under the laws of that state, it is the intention of the parties that such restriction may be modified or amended by the court to render it enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by the laws of that state. 
 
 You acknowledge and agree that the Company s remedies at law for a breach or threatened breach of any of the provisions of Section 5 would be inadequate and, in recognition of this fact, you agree that, in the event of such a breach or threatened breach, in addition to any remedies at law, the Company, without posting any bond, may be entitled to obtain equitable relief in the form of specific performance, a temporary restraining order, a temporary or permanent injunction or any other equitable remedy which may then be available. Further, in the event you breach any of the foregoing covenants of this Section 5 , in addition to any other remedies available to the Company, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the Company shall have the right to recoup from you, and you shall be obligated to repay to the Company, an amount equal to the actual amount of the CIC Payment paid to you pursuant to Section 3(b)(i) multiplied by the Recoverable Portion. For the purposes of this Section 5, Recoverable Portion means a percentage obtained by dividing (i) the number of days remaining in the Restrictive Period from and after the commencement of such breach, by (ii) 365. For the avoidance of doubt, recoupment by the Company pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence shall neither be deemed liquidated damages, nor shall it preclude the Company from seeking or obtaining a judgment against you for damages caused by your breach of the foregoing covenants of this Section 5. 
 
 6. Prior Acknowledgment . In connection with a Termination which entitles you to CIC Payments pursuant to Section 3(b), your agreement not to voluntarily terminate your employment with the Company or any of its affiliates, which is set forth in any Acknowledgement previously executed by you as a condition of payment of an Annual Incentive Award, shall terminate, shall no longer be a condition of your right to retain such Annual Incentive Award, and shall be of no further force or effect. 
 
 10 

7. Miscellaneous . 
 
 (a) Successors . The Company shall require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and or assets of the Company to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. As used in this Agreement, Company shall mean the Company as hereinbefore defined and any successor to its business and or assets as aforesaid which assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of law, or otherwise. 
 
 (b) Binding Agreement . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by you and your personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. In the event of your death, all amounts otherwise payable to you hereunder shall, unless otherwise provided herein, be paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to your devisee, legatee or other designee or, if there is no such designee, to your estate. 
 
 (c) Notice . Notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when (i) personally delivered or (ii) mailed by United States certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the respective addresses set forth on the first page of this Agreement provided that all notice to the Company shall be directed to the attention of the Board with a copy to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, or to such other address as either party may have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith, except that notice of change of address shall be effective only upon receipt. 
 
 (d) Modifications . No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by you and such officer as may be designated by the Board. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto of, or compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the time or at any prior or subsequent time. 
 
 (e) Governing Law . THE VALIDITY, INTERPRETATION, CONSTRUCTION AND PERFORMANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO ITS CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES. 
 
 (f) Tax Withholding . Any payments provided for hereunder shall be paid net of any applicable withholding required under federal, state or local law. 
 
 (g) Surviving Obligations . The obligations of the Company and your obligations under this Agreement shall survive the expiration of this Agreement to the extent necessary to give effect to this Agreement. 
 
 (h) Validity . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. 
 
 11 

(i) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 
 
 (j) Entire Agreement . This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein and supersedes the provisions of all prior agreements (including any prior Change in Control Agreement between the parties), promises, covenants, arrangements, communications, representations or warranties, whether oral or written, by any officer, employee or representative of any party hereof with respect to the subject matter contained herein. No agreements or representations, oral or otherwise, express or implied, with respect to the subject matter hereof have been made by either party which are not expressly set forth in this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the procedural provisions of this Agreement shall apply to all benefits payable as a result of a Change in Control (or other change in control). In the event that the terms of this Agreement conflict with the terms of any equity award agreement or equity incentive plan governing any such equity award, the terms of this Agreement shall control. 
 
 If this letter sets forth our agreement on the subject matter hereof, kindly sign and return to the Company the enclosed copy of this letter, which will then constitute our agreement on this subject. 
 
 COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. By Name 
 Title 

Agreed to as of this __day of _____, Year . 
 Name 

12 

Exhibit A 
 General Release 
 For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which is hereby acknowledged, I, for myself and my successors, assigns, heirs and representatives (each, a Releasing Party ), hereby release and forever discharge Comtech Telecommunications Corp. (the Company ), its stockholders, officers, directors, employees, agents and attorneys, and their respective successors, assigns, heirs and representatives (each, a Released Party ), individually and collectively, from any and all claims, demands, causes of action, liabilities or obligations, known or unknown, pending or not pending, liquidated or not liquidated, of every kind and nature whatsoever (collectively, the Released Claims which the Releasing Party has, has had or may have against any one or more of the Released Parties arising out of, based upon or in any way, directly or indirectly, related to the Company's business, my employment with the Company or the termination of such employment provided , however , that this General Release shall have no effect whatsoever upon (a) the Company's obligations, if any, to pay CIC Payments pursuant to the Change in Control Agreement between the undersigned and the Company, dated as of Date (the CIC Agreement or the rights of the undersigned to enforce such obligations (b) any and all obligations of the Released Parties to defend, indemnify, hold harmless or reimburse the undersigned under the Indemnification Agreement between the Company and the undersigned, and or under applicable law and or under the respective charters and by-laws of the Released Parties, and or pursuant to insurance policies, if any, for acts or omissions in the undersigned s capacity as a director, officer and or employee thereof and (c) any and all rights the undersigned may have to vested or accrued benefits or entitlements under and in accordance with any applicable plan, agreement, program, award, policy or arrangement of a Released Party. 
 
 The Released Claims include, without limitation, (a) all claims arising out of or relating to breach of contract, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1866, the National Labor Relations Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act and or any other federal, state or local statute, law, ordinance, regulation or order as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time, (b) all claims for back pay, lost benefits, reinstatement, liquidated damages, punitive damages, and damages on account of any alleged personal, physical or emotional injury, and (c) all claims for attorneys' fees and costs. 
 
 I agree that I am voluntarily executing this General Release. I acknowledge that I am knowingly and voluntarily waiving and releasing any rights I may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 and that the consideration given for the waiver and release is in addition to anything of value to which I was already entitled. I further acknowledge that I have been advised by this writing, as required by the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, that (a) my waiver and release specified herein does not apply to any rights or claims that may arise after the date I sign this General Release or my rights with respect to CIC Payments, if any, payable to me pursuant to the CIC Agreement (b) I have the right to consult with an attorney prior to signing this General Release (c) I have twenty-one (21) days to consider this General Release (although I may choose to sign it earlier) (d) I have seven (7) days after I sign this General Release to revoke it and (e) this General Release will not be effective until the date on which the revocation period has expired, which will be the eighth day after I sign this General Release, assuming I have returned it to the Company by such date. 
 
 Dated 
 13 

Schedule 5(iii) 
 
 Competitor Entities 
 14 

</EX-10.(L)(2)>

<EX-21>
 6
 exhibit21fy21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 Subsidiaries of Comtech Telecommunications Corp. Subsidiaries 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation Comtech AeroAstro, Inc. Delaware Comtech Satellite Network Technologies, Inc. Delaware Comtech EF Data Pte. Ltd. (a subsidiary of Comtech Satellite Network Technologies, Inc.) Singapore Comtech Mobile Datacom Corporation Delaware Comtech PST Corp. New York Comtech Systems, Inc. Delaware Beijing Comtech EF Data Equipment Repair Service, Co., Ltd. (a subsidiary of Comtech Satellite Network Technologies, Inc.) China Comtech Technologies, Inc. (a subsidiary of Comtech Satellite Network Technologies, Inc.) Canada Xicom Technology Europe, Ltd. (a subsidiary of CGC Technology Limited) United Kingdom TeleCommunication Systems, Inc. Maryland NextGen Communications, Inc. (a subsidiary of TeleCommunication Systems, Inc.) Maryland microDATA LLC (a subsidiary of TeleCommunication Systems, Inc.) Maryland microDATA GIS, Inc. (a subsidiary of microDATA LLC) Vermont Comtech Solacom Technologies, Inc. Canada Solacom Technologies (US), Inc. Delaware Comtech NextGen LLC (a subsidiary of TeleCommunications Systems, Inc.) Delaware Comtech Tactical Europe LLC (a subsidiary of TeleCommunications Systems, Inc.) Delaware Comtech UK Holdings Limited United Kingdom CGC Technology Limited (a subsidiary of Comtech UK Holdings Limited) United Kingdom Sheet Metal Precision Limited (a subsidiary of Comtech UK Holdings Limited) United Kingdom NG-911, Inc. Iowa Comtech Technologies, LLC Russia Pursuant to Item 601(b)(21)(ii) of Regulation SK, the names of other subsidiaries of Comtech are omitted because, considered in the aggregate, they would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of the end of the year covered by this report. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 exhibit231fy21.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

W e consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-125625, 333-143548, 333-166754, 333-51708 and 333-228690) and Registration Statements (Nos. 333-228691 and 333-253827) on Form S-3 of our reports dated October 4, 2021, relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of Comtech Telecommunications Corp., and the effectiveness of Comtech Telecommunications Corp.'s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Comtech Telecommunications Corp. for the year ended July 31, 2021. 

s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 
 Jericho, New York 
 October 4, 2021 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 exhibit311fy21.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Fred Kornberg, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Comtech Telecommunications Corp. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date October 4, 2021 
 s Fred Kornberg Fred Kornberg Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 exhibit312fy21.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Michael A. Bondi, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Comtech Telecommunications Corp. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date October 4, 2021 
 s Michael A. Bondi Michael A. Bondi Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 exhibit321fy21.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report of Comtech Telecommunications Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Fred Kornberg, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date October 4, 2021 
 
 s Fred Kornberg Fred Kornberg Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 exhibit322fy21.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report of Comtech Telecommunications Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael A. Bondi, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date October 4, 2021 
 
 s Michael A. Bondi Michael A. Bondi Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 cmtl-20210731.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 cmtl-20210731_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 cmtl-20210731_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 cmtl-20210731_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 cmtl-20210731_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

