<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211210_10-K_edgar_data_1786119_0001640334-21-003117.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1559512</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>55314</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>332159</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>416919</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>314275</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>408166</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001640334-21-003117.hdr.sgml : 20211210
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211210153619
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001640334-21-003117
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		39
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211210
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211210

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Excellerant, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001786119
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-HEALTH SERVICES [8000]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-234796
		FILM NUMBER:		211485086

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		302 YAYUN AVE
		STREET 2:		PANYU, GUANGZHOU
		CITY:			GUANGDONG
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			510000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7027769823

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		302 YAYUN AVE
		STREET 2:		PANYU, GUANGZHOU
		CITY:			GUANGDONG
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			510000

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001640334-21-003117.txt : 20211210

10-K
 1
 exlt_10q.htm
 FORM 10-K

exlt_10q.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM Mark One ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ______ to _______ Commission File No. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 8000 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or Organization) (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) (IRS Employer Identification Number) , , , + excellerant@gmx.com (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) Incorp Services, Inc 3773 Howard Hughes Parkway Suite 500 S Las Vegas, NV 89169-6014 +1 (702) 866-2500 (Name, address and telephone number of agent for service) Indicate by checkmark whether the issuer: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one) Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No Applicable Only to Issuer Involved in Bankruptcy Proceedings During the Preceding Five Years. N/A Indicate by checkmark whether the issuer has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 after the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes No Aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of March 31, 2021: . Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: common shares issued and outstanding as of November 30, 2021. TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS 4 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 4 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 4 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 4 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 4 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 4 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 5 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 5 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 6 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 8 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 9 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 10 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 10 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 11 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 12 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 14 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 15 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 15 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 15 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 16 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 16 SIGNATURES 17 2 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This annual report contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may , should , expects , plans , anticipates , believes , estimates , predicts , potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks in the section entitled Risk Factors that may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. Our consolidated financial statements are stated in United States Dollars (US and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. In this annual report, unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States dollars and all references to common shares refer to the common shares in our capital stock. As used in this annual report and unless otherwise indicated, the terms we , us , our and the Company mean Excellerant, Inc., unless otherwise indicated. 3 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Our Company Excellerant, Inc. was incorporated in the State of Nevada on May 30, 2019. Our company is planning to strategically acquire stakes in companies operating in the medical industry and to acquire licensing agreements for new health technologies. We do not currently have any arrangements for additional financing. Our principal executive offices are located at 54 Bl du Regent Brussels 1000 Belgium. We are a developing stage company. From inception until the date of this filing, we have had limited operating activities. Our financial statements from Inception through September 30, 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of 46,667. Our independent registered public accounting firm has issued an audit opinion that includes a statement expressing substantial doubt as to our company s ability to continue as a going concern. We do not have any subsidiaries. We have never declared bankruptcy, been in receivership, or involved in any kind of legal proceeding. Employees We have no employees and our officers and directors furnish their time to the development of our Company at no cost. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES Our principal executive office is located at 54 Blvd du Regent, Brussels 1000, Belgium. We believe that our facilities are generally adequate for our current needs, and that suitable additional office space will be available as needed in the foreseeable future. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS From time to time, we may become involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. We are not involved in any pending legal proceeding or litigation and, to the best of our knowledge, no governmental authority is contemplating any proceeding to which we are a party and which would reasonably be likely to have a material adverse effect on our Company. To date, our Company has never been involved in litigation, as either a party or a witness, nor has our Company been involved in any legal proceedings commenced by any regulatory agency against our Company. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not Applicable. 4 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information There is a limited public market for our common shares. Our common shares are listed for quotation on the Pink sheets of the OTC Markets under the trading symbol EXCL . Trading in stocks quoted on the Pink Sheets is often thin and is characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices due to many factors that may be unrelated to a company s operations or business prospects. Pink Sheet securities are not listed or traded on the floor of an organized national or regional stock exchange. Instead, OTC Pink Sheet securities transactions are conducted through a telephone and computer network connecting dealers in stocks. Pink Sheet issuers are traditionally smaller companies that do not meet the financial and other listing requirements of a regional or national stock exchange. Holders As of November 30, 2021, we had 7 shareholders of record of our common stock with 5,648,000 shares of common stock outstanding. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends to our shareholders. The declaration of any future cash dividends is at the discretion of our board of directors and depends upon our earnings, if any, our capital requirements and financial position, our general economic conditions, and other pertinent conditions. It is our present intention not to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, but rather to reinvest earnings, if any, in our business operations. Equity Compensation Plan Information We do not have any equity compensation plans. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities None Purchase of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers We did not purchase any of our shares of common stock or other securities during our fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 5 Table of Contents ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto, appearing elsewhere in this annual report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report. Our audited consolidated financial statements are stated in United States Dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Results of Operations The following summary of our operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements for the year ended September 30, 2021 and 2020. We have not earned any revenues from our inception through September 30, 2021. Year ended September 30, 2021 compared to year ended September 30, 2020 Year Ended September 30, Changes 2021 2020 Amount Operating expenses (43,632 (21,844 (21,788 100 Other income (expenses) 29,832 - 29,832 100 Net Income (Loss) (13,800 (21,844 8,044 (37 Our net loss for the year ended September 30, 2021 was 13,800 compared with 21,844 for the year ended September 30, 2020 due to the increase in other income. During the year ended September 30, 2021, we recognized gain on extinguishment of debt from the forgiveness of loans from the former director of the Company of 29,832 upon his resignation on March 31, 2021. Liquidity and Capital Working Capital As of As of September 30, September 30, Changes 2021 2020 Amount Current Assets - 20,745 (20,745 (100 Current Liabilities 19,887 26,832 (6,945 (26 Working Capital Deficiency (19,887 (6,087 (13,800 227 As at September 30, 2021, our Company did not have any current assets. As at September 30, 2020, our company had total current assets of 20,745 fund held in the escrow account. As at September 30, 2021, our company had total current liabilities of 19,887 comprising of accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 5,952 and director loan of 13,935. As at September 30, 2020, our company had total current liabilities of 26,832, of which included accounts payable from the former director s accrued consulting fees of 16,000 and former director loan of 10,832. 6 Table of Contents As at September 30, 2021, our company had a working capital deficiency of 19,887 compared with 6,087 as at September 30, 2020. The increase in working capital deficit was mainly due to the forgiveness of the loans from the former director of 29,832 and decrease in funds in escrow account of 20,745. Cash Flows Year Ended September 30, Changes 2021 2020 Amount Cash flows used in operating activities (34,680 (14,344 (20,336 142 Cash flows provided by financing activities 13,935 35,089 (21,154 (60 Net changes in cash (20,745 20,745 (41,490 (200 Cash Flow from Operating Activities We have not generated positive cash flow from operating activities. During the year ended September 30, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was 34,680 compared to 14,344 used during the year ended September 30, 2020. Cash flows used in operating activities during the year ended September 30, 2021comprised of a net loss of 13,800, which was increased by gain on extinguishment of debt of 29,832 and was reduced by an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 5,952 and accounts payable to related party of 3,000. Cash flows used in operating activities during the year ended September 30, 2020 comprised of a net loss from of 21,844 which was increased by a decrease in accrued expense of 4,500 and was reduced by an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 12,000. Cash Flow from Investing Activities During the year ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, our Company did not have any investing activities. Cash Flow from Financing Activities During the year ended September 30, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was 13,935 from advancement from the director compared to 35,089 comprised of 26,480 from issuance of common stock and 8,609 from advancement from the director during the year ended September 30, 2020. Plan of Operation and Funding We expect that working capital requirements will continue to be funded through a combination of our existing funds and further issuances of securities. Our working capital requirements are expected to increase in line with the growth of our business. 7 Table of Contents Existing working capital, further advances and debt instruments, and anticipated cash flow are expected to be adequate to fund our operations over the next three months. We have no lines of credit or other bank financing arrangements. Generally, we have financed operations to date through the proceeds of the private placement of equity and debt instruments. In connection with our business plan, management anticipates additional increases in operating expenses and capital expenditures relating to: (i) acquisition of inventory; (ii) developmental expenses associated with a start-up business; and (iii) marketing expenses. We intend to finance these expenses with further issuances of securities, and debt issuances. Thereafter, we expect we will need to raise additional capital and generate revenues to meet long-term operating requirements. Additional issuances of equity or convertible debt securities will result in dilution to our current shareholders. Further, such securities might have rights, preferences or privileges senior to our common stock. Additional financing may not be available upon acceptable terms, or at all. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to take advantage of prospective new business endeavours or opportunities, which could significantly and materially restrict our business operations. We will have to raise additional funds in the next twelve months in order to sustain and expand our operations. We currently do not have a specific plan of how we will obtain such funding; however, we anticipate that additional funding will be in the form of equity financing from the sale of our common stock. We have and will continue to seek to obtain short-term loans from our directors, although no future arrangement for additional loans has been made. We do not have any agreements with our directors concerning these loans. We do not have any arrangements in place for any future equity financing. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As of the date of this Annual Report, we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. Going Concern The independent auditors review report accompanying our September 30, 2021 financial statements contained an explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates that we will realize our assets and satisfy our liabilities and commitments in the ordinary course of business. Contractual Obligations As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide tabular disclosure obligations. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to stockholders. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Management has considered all recent accounting pronouncements issued. Our Company s management believes that these recent pronouncements will not have a material effect on our financial statements. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Not Applicable. 8 Table of Contents ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA EXCELLERANT, INC. AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 Page Balance Sheets F-2 Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss F-3 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit F-4 Statements of Cash Flows F-5 Notes to the Financial Statements F-6 9 Table of Contents Gries Associates, LLC Certified Public Accountants 400 South Colorado Blvd, Ste 870 Denver, Colorado 80246 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders Excellerant, Inc. Report on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Excellerant, Inc. (the Company), which comprise the balance sheet as of September 30, 2021, and the related statement of Operations, Changes in Stockholder s Equity, and Cash Flows for the year then ended, and the related notes to the financial statements. Management s Responsibility for the Financial Statements Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; this includes the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. Auditor s Responsibility Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free from material misstatements. An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. The procedures selected depend on the auditor s judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, the auditor considers internal control relevant to the entity s preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity s internal control. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. Emphasis of Matter Regarding Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As described in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has not generated any revenues since inception and sustained a net loss of 13,800 for the year under audit and has accumulated losses of 46,667. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter. Opinion In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Excellerant, Inc., as of September 30, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Emphasis of Matters-Risks and Uncertainties The Company is not able to predict the ultimate impact that COVID -19 will have on its business. However, if the current economic conditions continue, the pandemic could have an adverse impact on the economies and financial markets of many countries, including the geographical area in which the Company plans to operate. We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. Denver, Colorado December 10, 2021 blaze@griesandassociates.com 400 South Colorado Blvd, Suite 870, Denver, Colorado 80246 (O)720-464-2875 (M)773-255-5631 (F)720-222-5846 F-1 Table of Contents EXCELLERANT, INC. BALANCE SHEETS September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 ASSETS Current Assets Escrow account Total Current Assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Accounts payable - related party Director Loan Total Current Liabilities Total Liabilities Stockholders Deficit Common stock, par value 0.0001; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total Stockholders Deficit TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. F-2 Table of Contents EXCELLERANT, INC. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 OPERATING EXPENSES General and administrative expenses Professional fees Consulting fees - related party Total Operating Expenses OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES) Gain on extinguishment of debt 29,832 Total Other Income Loss from operations (13,800 (21,844 Provision for income taxes NET LOSS (13,800 NET LOSS PER SHARE: BASIC AND DILUTED WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING: BASIC AND DILUTED The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents EXCELLERANT, INC. STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 Common Stock Additional Total Number of Shares Amount Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Stockholders Deficit Balance - September 30, 2019 Shares issued for cash Net loss - Balance - September 30, 2020 Net loss - (13,800 Balance - September 30, 2021 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents EXCELLERANT, INC. STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash from operating activities: Gain on extinguishment of debt (29,832 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Accounts payable - related party Accrued expense Net cash used in operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from issuance of common stock Proceeds from director loan Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents - beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents - end of period Cash consists of: Funds held in escrow Supplemental Cash Flow Disclosures Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activity: Forgiveness of loans The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents EXCELLERANT, INC. NOTES TO AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 Development Stage Company Use of Estimates Cash and Cash Equivalents . During the year ended September 30, 2021, all the funds held in escrow has been utilized and the Company did not have any fund held in the escrow account as of September 30, 2021. Fair Value of Financial Instruments F-6 Table of Contents Revenue Recognition Related Party Balances and Transactions Basic and Diluted Income (Loss) Per Share Income Taxes F-7 Table of Contents Recent accounting pronouncements , and working capital deficit of at September 30, 2021. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company is attempting to commence operations and generate sufficient revenue; however, the Company s cash position may not be sufficient to support the Company s daily operations. Management intends to raise additional funds by way of a private or public offering. While the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to commence operations and generate sufficient revenue and in its ability to raise additional funds, there can be no assurances to that effect. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company s ability to further implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenue and its ability to raise additional funds by way of a public or private offering. The financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. and to the former director of the Company, respectively. Upon the resignation of the Company s former director on March 31, 2021, the loan from the director of and accrued consulting fees of at the aggregate amount of was forgiven. Current Director During the year ended September 30, 2021, the director of the Company made advancement of for operating expenses of the Company. The advance is unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand. F-8 Table of Contents , par value shares of common stock authorized. In March 2020, the Company issued common shares to five shareholders as per subscription agreement at per share for a total price of . In April and May 2020, the Company issued of common shares as per subscription agreements at per share for a total price of . As of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, the Company had shares issued and outstanding. Statutory tax rate Deferred tax asset Less: Valuation allowance Net deferred asset As of September 30, 2021, the Company had in net operating losses NOLs that may be available to offset . NOLs generated can be carryforward indefinitely. In accordance with Section 382 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, the usage of the Company s net operating loss carry forwards is subject to annual limitations following greater than ownership changes. Tax returns for the years ended 2019 through 2021 are subject to review by the tax authorities. F-9 Table of Contents ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE There were no disagreements related to accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, internal controls or auditing scope or procedure during the two fiscal years and interim periods. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation Of Disclosure Controls And Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer (our chief executive officer), we have conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 , as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded as of the evaluation date that our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective such that the material information required to be included in our Securities and Exchange Commission reports is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and financial officer, recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms relating to our Company, particularly during the period when this report was being prepared. Management s Annual Report On Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, for our Company. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of its management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Management recognizes that there are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any system of internal control, and accordingly, even effective internal control can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and may not prevent or detect material misstatements. In addition, effective internal control at a point in time may become ineffective in future periods because of changes in conditions or due to deterioration in the degree of compliance with our established policies and procedures. A material weakness is a significant deficiency, or combination of significant deficiencies, that results in there being a more than remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. Under the supervision and with the participation of our chief executive officer, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as of September 30, 2021, based on the framework set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on our evaluation under this framework, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of the evaluation date due to the factors stated below. 10 Table of Contents Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of evaluation date and identified the following material weaknesses: Insufficient Resources : We have an inadequate number of personnel with requisite expertise in the key functional areas of finance and accounting. Inadequate Segregation Of Duties : We have an inadequate number of personnel to properly implement control procedures. Lack Of Audit Committee Outside Directors On The Company s Board Of Directors: We do not have a functioning audit committee or outside directors on our board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures. Management is committed to improving its internal controls and will (1) continue to use third party specialists to address shortfalls in staffing and to assist the Company with accounting and finance responsibilities, (2) increase the frequency of independent reconciliations of significant accounts which will mitigate the lack of segregation of duties until there are sufficient personnel and (3) may consider appointing outside directors and audit committee members in the future. Management, including our chief executive officer, has discussed the material weakness noted above with our independent registered public accounting firm. Due to the nature of this material weakness, there is a more than remote likelihood that misstatements which could be material to the annual or interim financial statements could occur that would not be prevented or detected. This annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the our registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this annual report. Changes In Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the last fiscal quarter for our fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION Except as provided above, there is no information to be disclosed in a report on Form 8-K during the fourth quarter of the year covered by this Form 10-K that has not been previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 11 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE All directors of our Company hold office until the next annual meeting of the security holders or until their successors have been elected and qualified. The officers of our Company are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until their death, resignation or removal from office. Our directors and executive officers, their ages, positions held, and duration as such, are as follows: Name Position Held with the Company Age Date First Elected or Appointed Mirsad Devic President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer 44 March 31, 2021 Marco von Pfetten Chairman 61 August 16, 2021 Business Experience The following is a brief account of the education and business experience during at least the past five years of each director, executive officer and key employee of our Company, indicating the person s principal occupation during that period, and the name and principal business of the organization in which such occupation and employment were carried out. Mirsad Devic President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer Mr. Devic began working in the advertising space in 1997 at Planetactive and planned campaigns for Nike, Intel, Deutsche Telekom, AOL, Citibank and Nike. He then continued his career by moving into the biotech industry and working as CMO for Diagenics AG, a Germany-based biopharmaceutical company specializing in the development and production of diagnostic tools and biomarkers for the early detection of heart disease. Marco von Pfetten Chairman Mr. von Pfetten has more than 30 years of experience in global financial markets and as an entrepreneur. As Chairman, Mr. von Pfetten will work closely with the Company s management team, which is made up of senior tech and digital transformation leaders and supported by a network of external advisors with deep expertise in the global technology sector. Employment Agreements We have no formal employment agreements with any of our directors or officers. Family Relationships There are no family relationships between any of our directors, executive officers and proposed directors or executive officers. Involvement in certain legal proceedings. To the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: 1. been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offences); 2. had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to that time; 3. been subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 4. been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 5. been the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 6. been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26)), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29)), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 12 Table of Contents Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Our common stock is not registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Accordingly, our executive officers and directors and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities are not subject to the beneficial ownership reporting requirements of Section 16(1) of the Exchange Act. Code of Ethics We do not currently have a Code of Ethics in place for the Company. Our business operations are not complex and are very limited. Our Company seeks advice and counsel from outside experts such as our lawyers and accountants on matters relating to corporate governance and financial reporting. Board and Committee Meetings Our board of directors held no formal meetings during the year ended December 31, 2020. All proceedings of the board of directors were conducted by resolutions consented to in writing by all the directors and filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the directors. Such resolutions consented to in writing by the directors entitled to vote on that resolution at a meeting of the directors are, according to the Colorado Revised Statutes and our Bylaws, as valid and effective as if they had been passed at a meeting of the directors duly called and held. Nomination Process As of September 30, 2021, we did not effect any material changes to the procedures by which our shareholders may recommend nominees to our board of directors. Our board of directors does not have a policy with regards to the consideration of any director candidates recommended by our shareholders. Our board of directors has determined that it is in the best position to evaluate our Company s requirements as well as the qualifications of each candidate when the board considers a nominee for a position on our board of directors. If shareholders wish to recommend candidates directly to our board, they may do so by sending communications to the president of our Company at the address on the cover of this annual report. Audit Committee Currently our audit committee consists of our entire board of directors. We do not have a standing audit committee as we currently have limited working capital and minimal revenues. Should we be able to raise sufficient funding to execute our business plan, we will form an audit, compensation committee and other applicable committees utilizing our directors expertise. Audit Committee Financial Expert Currently our audit committee consists of our entire board of directors. We do not currently have a director who is qualified to act as the head of the audit committee. 13 Table of Contents ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The particulars of the compensation paid to the following persons: (a) our principal executive officer; (b) each of our two most highly compensated executive officers who were serving as executive officers during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020; and (c) up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been provided under (b) but for the fact that the individual was not serving as our executive officer at the end of the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, who we will collectively refer to as the named executive officers of our Company, are set out in the following summary compensation table, except that no disclosure is provided for any named executive officer, other than our principal executive officers, whose total compensation did not exceed 100,000 for the respective fiscal year: Name and Principal Position Year Salary( Bonus( Stock Awards( Option Awards( All Other Compensation( Total( Lasha Morbedadze (1) CEO, CFO, 2021 -- -- -- -- 3,000 (2) 3,000 President and Director 2020 -- -- -- -- 12,000 (2) 12,000 Mirsad Devic (3) CEO, CFO, President and Director 2021 -- -- -- -- - - Marco von Pfetten (4) , Chairman 2021 -- -- -- -- - - (1) Mr. Morbedadze resigned on March 31, 2021 (2) During the year ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred director consulting fees of 3,000 and 12,000 to Mr. Morbedadze, respectively. (3) On March 31, 2021, Mr. Devic was appointed as a director to replace Mr. Morbedadze as Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of the Company. (4) On August 16, 2021, Mr. Pfetten was appointed as Chairman of the Company. There are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. Our directors and executive officers may receive share options at the discretion of our board of directors in the future. We do not have any material bonus or profit sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that share options may be granted at the discretion of our board of directors. 14 Table of Contents ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The following table sets forth certain information concerning the number of shares of our common stock owned beneficially as of November 30, 2021 by: (i) each person (including any group) known to us to own more than five percent (5 of any class of our voting securities, (ii) members of our Board of Directors, and or (iii) our executive officers. Unless otherwise indicated, the stockholder listed possesses sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percentage of Class Swanson Capital AG Potsdamer Platz 10, Haus 2, 5 th Floor, Berlin, Germany 10785 3,375,000 Shares of Common Stock 59.76 Directors and Executive Officers as a Group 3,375,000 Shares of Common Stock 59.76 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE No director, executive officer, shareholder holding at least 5 of shares of our common stock, or any family member thereof, had any material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction, or proposed transaction since the year ended September 30, 2021, in which the amount involved in the transaction exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at the year-end for the last three completed fiscal years. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES AJ Robbins CPA LLC has served as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for years ended September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2019. Gries Associates, LLC now serves as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the year ended September 30, 2021. In accordance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, all audit and audit-related services and all non-audit services performed by our current independent public accounting firm are approved in advance by our Board of Directors, including the proposed fees for any such service, in order to assure that the provision of any such service does not impair the accounting firm s independence. The Board of Directors is informed of each service actually rendered. Independent Auditor Fees The following table sets forth fees billed, or expected to be billed, to the Company by the Company s independent auditors for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, for (i) services rendered for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements and the review of the Company s quarterly financial statements; (ii) services rendered that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company s financial statements that are not reported as Audit Fees; (iii) services rendered in connection with tax preparation, compliance, advice and assistance; and (iv) all other services: Fee Category Year Ended September 30, 2021 Year Ended September 30, 2010 Audit Fees 17,500 9,000 Audit-Related Fees - - Tax Fees - - All Other Fees - - Total Fees 17,500 9,000 Audit committee policies procedures We do not currently have a standing audit committee. The above services were approved by our Board of Directors. 15 Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) Financial Statements (1) Financial statements for our Company are listed in the index under Item 8 of this document. (2) All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not material or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. (b) Exhibits EXHIBIT NUMBER Exhibit Description (31) Rule 13a-14 (d)/15d-14d) Certifications 31.1 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (32) Section 1350 Certifications 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (100) Interactive Data File 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document _________ Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 16 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. EXCELLERANT, INC. (Registrant) Dated: December 10, 2021 By: /s/ Mirsad Devic Mirsad Devic President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 17 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exlt_ex311.htm
 EX-31.1
 
 exlt_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Mirsad Devic, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Excellerant, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: December 10, 2021 /s/ Mirsad Devic Mirsad Devic President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 exlt_ex321.htm
 EX-32.1
 
 exlt_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 The undersigned, Mirsad Devic, President, of Excellerant, Inc., hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) the annual report on Form 10-K of Excellerant, Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2021 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Excellerant, Inc. Dated: December 10, 2021 /s/ Mirsad Devic Mirsad Devic President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Excellerant, Inc. and will be retained by Excellerant, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 exlt-20210930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 exlt-20210930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 exlt-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 exlt-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

