<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211012_10-K_edgar_data_1379006_0001104659-21-125343.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8670102</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>587954</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>385373</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3307764</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2413104</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1721620</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-21-125343.hdr.sgml : 20211012
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211012163154
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-21-125343
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		77
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211012
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211012

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NANOVIRICIDES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001379006
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				760674577
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36081
		FILM NUMBER:		211318914

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 CONTROLS DRIVE
		CITY:			SHELTON
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06484
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(203) 937-6137

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 CONTROLS DRIVE
		CITY:			SHELTON
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06484

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001104659-21-125343.txt : 20211012

10-K
 1
 tm2124471d1_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 

NANOVIRICIDES, INC. 

 (Name of Business Issuer in Its Charter) 

NEVADA 
 
 76-0674577 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or 
organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

1 CONTROLS DRIVE, SHELTON, CONNECTICUT, 06484 

 (Address of principal executive offices) 

203-937-6137 

 (Issuer s telephone number, including area
code) 

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF
THE ACT: NONE 

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF
THE ACT: 

COMMON STOCK, PAR VALUE 0.001 PER SHARE 
 
 NYSE AMERICAN 

(Title of Class) 
 
 (Name of exchange on which registered) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes 
 
 No 

Indicate by a check mark if the registrant is
not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes 
 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

Yes 
 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 
232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

Yes 
 
 No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge,
in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the Company is
a larger accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See
the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.). 

Yes 
 
 No 

As of October 12, 2021, there were approximately
11,515,000 shares of common stock of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

The aggregate market value of the voting
stock held on December 31, 2020, by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately 29,660,000 based on the closing price
of 2.94 per share, as reported on the NYSE American on December 31, 2020, the last business day of the registrant s most
recently completed fiscal second quarter (calculated by excluding all shares held by executive officers, directors and holders known
to the registrant of five percent or more of the voting power of the registrant s common stock, without conceding that such
persons are affiliates of the registrant for purposes of the federal securities laws). 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 61 
 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 8 4 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 84 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 84 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 84 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 85 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 90 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Plan of Operation and Results of Operations 
 91 
 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 105 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 105 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 105 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 105 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 107 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Corporate Governance. 
 107 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 110 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 112 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 115 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 118 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 119 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 120 

SIGNATURES 
 121 

Page 2 of 121 

PART I 

SPECIAL NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

The information in this report contains forward-looking
statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact made in this report are forward looking. In particular, the statements
herein regarding industry prospects and future results of operations or financial position are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements can be identified by the use of words such as believes, estimates, could, possibly, 
 probably, anticipates, projects, expects, may, will, or should, 
 designed to, designed for, or other variations or similar words. No assurances can be given that the future
results anticipated by the forward-looking statements will be achieved. Forward-looking statements reflect management s current
expectations and are inherently uncertain. Our actual results may differ significantly from management s expectations. 

Although these forward-looking statements reflect
the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can only be based upon facts and factors currently known to us. Forward-looking
statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. As a result, our actual results could
differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth
below under the caption Risk Factors. For these statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking
statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You should not unduly rely on these forward-looking statements,
which speak only as of the date on which they were made. They give our expectations regarding the future but are not guarantees. We undertake
no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise,
unless required by law. 

ITEM 1: BUSINESS 

Organization and Nature of Business 

NanoViricides, Inc. (the Company ,
 NanoViricides , we, or us was incorporated in Nevada on April 1, 2005. Our corporate offices
are located at 1 Controls Drive, Shelton, Connecticut 06484 and our telephone number is (203) 937-6137. Our Website is located at http://www.Nanoviricides.com .
We do not incorporate by reference into this Annual Report the information on or accessible through our website, and you should not consider
it part of this Annual Report. 

On September 25, 2013, the Company s
common stock began trading on the New York Stock Exchange American under the symbol, NNVC . 

We are a development stage company with several
drugs in various stages of pre-clinical development, including late stage IND-enabling non-clinical studies. We have no customers, products
or revenues to date, and may never achieve revenues or profitable operations. 

We have several drugs in our pipeline. Of these,
two drugs developed to combat the COVID-19 pandemics, namely NV-CoV-2 and NV-CoV-2-R, are our most advanced drug candidates. We
are currently working on taking these two COVID-19 lead drug candidates into human clinical trials. We believe that the essential preclinical
work including GLP Safety/Toxicology studies is substantially complete for taking these drugs into human evaluation. We plan on undertaking
further clinical advancement of our other lead drug candidate, NV-HHV-101 skin cream for the treatment of shingles, after the COVID-19
program completes initial human clinical studies. The essential preclinical work including GLP Safety/Toxicology studies of NV-HHV-101
were completed and we were beginning to assemble a draft IND application just when the global COVID-19 pandemic struck. We continued to
work on NV-HHV-101 until we had developed viable drug candidates against COVID-19, circa May/June 2020, and thereafter focused completely
on the COVID-19 drug development, putting the NV-HHV-101 program on hold. 

Page 3 of 121 

We also have several additional pre-clinical drug
development programs including Herpes Simplex Viruses (HSV-1 that causes cold sores, and HSV-2 that causes genital ulcers), HIV/AIDS,
Influenza, Dengue viruses, and Ebola/Marburg, which plan to advance further towards clinical drug candidates as we progress further. Thus
we have a strong and broad pipeline that is expected to continue to result in highly effective drug candidates against a number of viral
diseases. 

NanoViricides is one of a few biopharma companies
that has its own cGMP-compliant manufacturing facility. The Company intends to produce its drugs for clinical trials in this facility.
The Company has the capability to produce sufficient drugs for about 1,000 patients in a single batch of production, depending upon dosage.
This production capacity is anticipated to be sufficient for first-in-human use in the current SARS-CoV-2 pandemic for our anti-coronavirus
drug in development, as well as for the anticipated clinical trials of NV-HHV-101 skin cream for the treatment of shingles. 

NanoViricides is one of a few biopharma companies that has its own
cGMP-compliant manufacturing facility. We intend to produce our drug substances, and in many cases, our drug products as well, for clinical
trials in this facility. We have the capability to produce sufficient drugs for about 1,000 patients in a single batch of production,
depending upon dosage. This production capacity is anticipated to be sufficient for first-in-human use in the current SARS-CoV-2 pandemic
for our anti-coronavirus drugs in development, as well as for the anticipated clinical trials of NV-HHV-101 skin cream for the treatment
of shingles. 

We would like to note that in response to
the current global COVID pandemic, the scientific community at large and regulatory efforts to date have remained focused on (a)
vaccines, (b) antibodies, and (c) re-development of pre-existing drugs. Even as alarm bells were raised by renowned scientists
regarding the likelihood of escape mutations and the limitations of any vaccines and antibody therapies in combating a rapidly
evolving global viral pandemic, there has been an effort to downplay these risks at all levels. This has left the world now
grappling with a situation where vaccines are being rolled out even as virus variants that are highly likely to be resistant to
current vaccines and antibody drugs have already been found to be spreading rapidly. Current vaccines are now assumed to require
constant updates and/or re-inoculation campaigns (aka booster shots to keep up with ongoing changes in the virus.
Attention needs to be focused instead on broad-spectrum antiviral therapeutics that minimize the possibility of virus variants
escaping the drug, thereby making the costly ongoing development of vaccine updates, their deployment and re-inoculation campaigns,
unnecessary. 

We believe that our platform technology enables
development of drugs that viruses would not escape from. In fact, we have successfully screened our COVID-19 drug candidates to be able
to protect cells against infection by distinctly different coronaviruses. This broad-spectrum drug development approach was adopted to
ensure that our drug candidates should remain effective even as future variants of SARS-CoV-2 evolve in the field, as was already anticipated
by us at the very beginning of the pandemic. 

Additionally, ours is the only company that, to
the best of our knowledge, is developing antiviral treatments that are designed to (a) directly attack the virus and disable it from infecting
human cells, and (b) simultaneously block the reproduction of the virus that has already gone inside a cell. Together, this strategy of
a two-pronged attack against the virus, both inside the cell and outside the cell, can be expected to result in a cure for coronaviruses
and other viruses that do not become latent. 

The Company s nanoviricides platform
technology is based on biomimetic engineering that copies the features of the human cellular receptor of the virus. No matter how much
the virus mutates, all virus variants bind to the same receptor in the same fashion. It appears that the later variants of SARS-CoV-2
may have evolved to bind to the human cellular receptor ACE2 more strongly, in general, based on published datasets. Thus, if these features
of the cellular receptor are appropriately copied, the resulting nanoviricide drug would remain effective against current and future variants
of the virus. 

Our current drug candidates to combat the COVID-19
pandemic are designed to attack not only SARS-CoV-2 and its current and future variants, but also many other coronaviruses, and will be
useful even after the pandemic is over, since several coronaviruses are endemic in human populations. SARS-CoV-2 with its variants and
substantial penetration into human populations worldwide is on course to become an endemic virus. 

Page 4 of 121 

Our COVID-19 drug candidates successfully entered
core safety pharmacology studies required prior to commissioning human clinical trials around October/November, 2019. These studies have
now been completed and we have received the GLP Safety/Toxicology reports from the external CRO in August 2021. We are now engaged in
the preparation of clinical trial protocols and other activities that would be necessary for filing of an IND with the US FDA or equivalent
regulatory filings for entering into human clinical trials in other countries. 

The need for the broad-spectrum nanoviricide SARS-CoV-2
drug cannot be overstated in the current circumstances and the present status of the pandemic. To understand this, we are providing a
short review of the current state of the pandemic below: 

Strong government support led to rapid emergency
use approval, and later full approval, of an already known antiviral drug now called Veklury (Remdesivir, Gilead) early on. Strong fiscal
support and regulatory enablements from the government also led to the emergency use approval of two different antibody drugs, one from
Regeneron (REGN-CoV-2, a monoclonal antibody cocktail containing two different antibodies) and one from Eli Lilly (bamlanivimab,
a single antibody for restricted use) in the fastest ever drug development timeframe. All of these antibody drugs target the viral Spike
protein that binds to the human cellular receptor, ACE2. 

Even stronger commitments and strong government
support led to the fastest ever emergency use approval of two vaccines, both employing nanotechnology: one by Pfizer-BioNTech, and
one by Moderna. Subsequently, additional vaccines have been approved in various countries and several are in development. Almost all of
these vaccines target the original 2019-nCoV-Wuhan variant, and all but a few target primarily its Spike protein. 

Yet, as the vaccines are being deployed, several
new virus variants of tremendous concern have already emerged. Additional virus variants will continue to emerge at an even faster rate
because of the widespread dissemination of the virus with many patient bodies serving as virus factories providing historically the greatest
ever opportunities for the virus to escape existing vaccines and antibody drugs. It has already been found that as new variants emerge,
the effectiveness of the antibody drugs against the new variants is diminishing rapidly. Failure of vaccines and antibody drugs is therefore
certain; the only question is how long will it be before the vaccines become substantially ineffective. 

Replacing current vaccines with a new vaccine,
as has been suggested, would be an endless game of chasing a rapidly changing epidemic that would be costly and also would remain substantially
non-responsive to the threat, since the virus will continue to remain many steps ahead of the vaccine. Giving booster doses of existing
vaccines repeatedly is both scientifically and epidemiologically or ethically unsupportable except for specific subsets of populations
that do not respond to the vaccine without multiple boosters. 

It is well known that viruses, particularly RNA
viruses, mutate rapidly, and that such changes produce variants that can escape from vaccines as well as from antibody drugs.
SARS-CoV-2 has a repair mechanism that retains some fidelity during reproduction, and therefore it changes less rapidly than Influenza
A viruses or HIV. Nevertheless, given the significant penetration of the virus into human population, and the very high viral loads achieved
in severe cases of the infection, the virus has a huge opportunity to change. Additional virus variants will undoubtedly continue to emerge
at an even faster rate because of the widespread dissemination of the virus through many patients, their bodies effectively serving as
 factories . This important concern, voiced by several eminent scientists, has not been regarded with the seriousness it deserves
by supporting and enabling rapid regulatory development of broad-spectrum drugs targeted at the coronaviruses. 

The world has already witnessed at least five
important SARS-CoV-2 variants with significant impact, as a result of the large number of persons becoming infected. The very first important
variant, namely D614G, replaced the original Wuhan strain completely and rapidly during the first wave of the pandemic itself. In the
second wave, we have seen emergence of the lineage B.1.1.7 variant from United Kingdom (Kent and London; now called alpha variant), the
N501Y-V.2 (also called lineage B.1.351) from South Africa, and the P.1 variant (also called lineage B.1.1.248) from Brazil. California
has seen lineage B.1.429 /(CAL.20C) variant become dominant in Los Angeles county recently, with over 50 of the infections. It appeared
to be replacing the earlier dominant CAL.20G variant. 

Page 5 of 121 

The delta variant from India has replaced the
alpha variant almost globally and has caused a new widely spread and severe wave of infections. Several additional variants have been
identified. New variants continue to be identified at a rapid pace as viral genome sequencing efforts are accelerated. 

A major concern is the fact that the variants
that are now becoming dominant have an accumulation of multiple mutations. This is predictive of such variants being more resistant to
drugs and vaccines in use. These variants are likely to have been selected against drug pressure or immune system pressure, and thus would
likely have resistance to vaccines, antibody drugs, as well as other commonly used drugs, as suggested by eminent scientists. Further,
it is now well known that some of the new variants can cause infection of a previously recovered coronavirus patient, as well as previously
vaccinated persons, and sometimes may lead to more severe disease than the earlier infection. Such new variants can be logically expected
to be resistant to antibodies as well as vaccines. Additionally, it has already been found or suspected that many of the new variants
are or are expected to be increasingly resistant to existing antibody drugs. Given the known weak effectiveness of available antibody
drugs, even a small resistance would likely allow a variant to escape the current antibody drugs. 

Of note, the currently approved drugs, namely remdesivir, the Regeneron
antibody cocktail, or the Eli Lilly single antibody drug, had demonstrated only moderate effectiveness in clinical trials. Remdesivir
reduced the length to recovery in severe disease cases in hospitalized patients by approximately six days, from 18 days to 12 days in
a clinical trial, NIAID ACIT-1, as reported in its European (CHMP) Product Information. The Regeneron drug dosing in a clinical trial
was at 2.4g or 8g of total antibody, while the Eli Lilly antibody drug dose in the combination therapy clinical trial was at 5.6g, although
single antibody therapy dosages from 700mg upwards are also being evaluated. These high dosage levels are indicative of relatively weak
effectiveness. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has granted Emergency Use Authorization (EUA) for the Regeneron REGEN-COV cocktail,
and also to an Eli Lilly single antibody bamlanivimab (LY-CoV555) with both authorizations restricted to the treatment of mild to moderate
COVID-19 only. Thus, further loss of effectiveness of the existing drugs as new variants emerge would have devastating consequences. 

Vaccines, it is now clearly apparent, are neither
the great hope nor panacea that the scientific community had once projected them to be for this pandemic. The South African variant, 501Y.v2
is of great concern as scientists believe it may escape current vaccines. Its mutations are also shared by the Brazilian variant, P.1.
Vaccinated persons coming down with SARS-CoV-2 infection has already been witnessed. As more variants emerge, existing vaccines would
very likely lose effectiveness. An additional concern is that some of the variants are expected to result in greater total fatality numbers.
A more contagious variant would cause more number of cases and thus greater number of fatalities. A more lethal variant would lead to
a greater proportion of infected patients dying (i.e. a greater case fatality rate). The UK B.1.1.7 (alpha) variant is currently estimated
by the UK scientific advisory body, namely New and Emerging Respiratory Virus Threats Advisory Group (NERVTAG), to be highly contagious
(transmissible), infectious, and more lethal than previous variants. The Delta variant is estimated to be far more contagious than the
alpha variant. 

Fiscal Year 2020-2021 in Review 

The SARS-CoV-2 virus, despite its current and
future variants, is extremely unlikely to escape a broad-spectrum anti-coronavirus drug like the drugs NV-CoV-2 and NV-CoV-2-R that we
are developing. This is in complete contrast with drugs based on antibodies, antibody cocktails, as well as with preventative vaccines. 

We have been developing broad-spectrum anti-coronavirus
drug candidates since the early reports of the new virus from China, then known as 2019-nCoV. We were able to bootstrap this development
using our knowledge gained in the earlier endeavors working on SARS-CoV-1 and MERS coronaviruses. 

We have been able to conduct this novel drug development
at an accelerated pace because of the benefits of our platform technology. We were able to bootstrap our SARS-CoV-2 drug development efforts
using the c-GMP-compatible manufacturing processes developed for our then flagship NV-HHV-101 drug candidate for shingles dermal treatment.
Further, we have a tremendous advantage in that the Company has its own cGMP-capable manufacturing facility in Shelton, CT. This facility
is capable of producing approximately 4kg of the COVID-19 drug per batch. We anticipate that this scale would be sufficient for human
clinical trials, and possibly for initial introduction under Compassionate Use, EUA or similar regulatory approval. 

Page 6 of 121 

In the reported year and subsequently to date,
we have already completed pre-clinical IND-enabling studies on our novel SARS-CoV-2 drug candidate NV-CoV-2. In addition to NV-CoV-2 itself
as a drug to combat COVID-19, we are also developing another SARS-CoV-2 drug candidate, NV-CoV-2-R, which encapsulates remdesivir inside
NV-CoV-2. While remdesivir substantially blocks the replication of the virus inside cells, NV-CoV-2 is designed to block the virus outside
cells by entrapping it and thereby not allowing it to infect the cells in the first place. Thus NV-CoV-2-R is designed to block both the
intra-cellular life cycle of the virus and the extra-cellular life cycle of the virus. Blocking both lifecycles should enable complete
control of the viral disease, promising a potential cure. Remdesivir, sponsored by Gilead, is a known antiviral drug that has received
full US FDA approved for treatment of COVID-19 and has received EUA in many countries. We are developing NV-CoV-2-R on our own, independently
of Gilead. 

We intend to develop NV-CoV-2 through Phase1/2a
clinical trials first. Most other drugs for COVID-19 have received EUA only. Dexamethasone, a well-known anti-inflammatory drug, has been
found to be very useful in the treatment of severe COVID-19 and is thought to act by suppressing the body s own immune reaction
that is responsible for substantial portion of the lung damage seen in COVID-19, but has severe side effects at the dosages employed.
It is not expected to be reducing the viral load itself. 

NV-CoV-2 and NV-CoV-2-R were found to be highly
effective against a totally lethal coronavirus lung infection in rats based on multiple indicators: 

Survival: While rats
in the untreated infected group succumbed to the disease in 5 to 6 days, the rats in the NV-CoV-2 treatment group survived for 14 days,
and the rats in the NV-CoV-2-R treatment group survived for 16 days. In contrast, rats treated with remdesivir formulated in SBECD (comparable
to the FDA-approved Veklury formulation of remdesivir) survived for only 7.5 days. The total dose of remdesivir was 90mg/kgBW for
the remdesivir treated group, and it was 80mg/kgBW when encapsulated in the NV-CoV-2-R group. Thus compared to treatment with remdesivir,
treatment with the Company s drug candidate NV-CoV-2 extended the lifespan by approximately four times more days. Further, treatment
with the Company s other drug candidate NV-CoV-2-R extended the lifespan by approximately five times more days. 

Body Weight: Both NV-CoV-2
and NV-CoV-2-R protected the animals from body weight (BW) loss that results from the infection and immune response, in addition to the
substantially increased survival, in this lethal coronavirus infection model. NV-CoV-2 group lost only about 7 BW (12.5 g/animal) at
day 13, and the NV-CoV-2-R group lost as little as ~1.8 BW (3g/animal) at day 13. In contrast, the remdesivir group had already lost
~17 BW (30g/animal) by day 7 and succumbed to the disease soon thereafter. 

These results clearly indicate strong effectiveness
of NV-CoV-2 as well as NV-CoV-2-R in fighting the coronavirus lung infection and its ill effects, as compared to the FDA-approved drug
remdesivir. 

The (1) significant improvement in lifespan by
a factor of four to five, and (2) the significant prevention of body weight loss, upon treatment with NV-CoV-2 as well as NV-CoV-2-R as
compared to treatment with the FDA-approved remdesivir are important indicators for potential human clinical success of the Company s
drug candidates. 

The Company studied the effectiveness of these
drugs against the human coronaviruses h-CoV-NL63 (NL63) that uses the same ACE2 human cellular protein as receptor to gain entry into
cells as do all variants of SARS-CoV-2 and SARS-CoV-1. Additionally, the human pathology of NL63 infection closely mimics that of SARS-CoV-2,
albeit with limited disease severity. NL63 is a circulating human coronavirus that can be used in BSL2 labs. NL-63 is therefore being
used as a model for anti-SARS-CoV-2 drug development in various labs including ours (see Chakraborty and Diwan for a review: A. Chakraborty
and A. Diwan (2020). NL63: A Better Surrogate Virus for studying SARS- CoV-2 . Integr Mol Med, 2020, vol.7, pp 1-9, doi:
10.15761/IMM.1000408). 

Remdesivir (Veklury , Gilead) has shown
relatively weak effectiveness in animal and clinical studies in contrast to its strong effectiveness in cell culture studies. This
has been related by scientists to the metabolism of remdesivir in the blood stream that causes loss of effectiveness. The Company
has developed the drug candidate NV-CoV-2-R by encapsulating hiding inside remdesivir into NV-CoV-2. The Company
believes that this encapsulation should protect remdesivir from bodily metabolism and thereby significantly increase its clinical
effectiveness (see below about pharmacokinetics of NV-CoV-2-R and protection of remdesivir). 

Page 7 of 121 

The strong effectiveness of NV-CoV-2 and NV-CoV-2-R
drug candidates in this animal model is consistent with whose previously reported effectiveness in cell culture studies against infection
of two human coronaviruses, hCoV-NL63, which was used in this animal efficacy study, and hCoV-229E, another circulating coronavirus that
uses a distinctly different receptor, namely APN. In contrast, while remdesivir was highly effective in the cell culture studies, it was
not very effective in this animal efficacy study, a result that is consistent with human clinical studies of remdesivir. 

The effectiveness of NV-CoV-2-R observed in this
study can be understood as a combination of (a) the improvement in the effectiveness of remdesivir due to encapsulation, and (b) the effectiveness
of NV-CoV-2 by itself. 

NV-CoV-2-R, we believe, is an excellent demonstration
of the power of the nanoviricides platform technology that enables combining multiple modalities seamlessly into a single drug. 

We believe that these in vivo study results support
a potential synergistic improvement in the drug effect as a result of combining the two different mechanisms of attacking (i) the virus
reinfection cycle and (ii) the virus replication cycle simultaneously. 

We have developed NV-CoV-2 and NV-CoV-2-R based
on its platform nanoviricides technology. This approach enables rapid development of new drugs against a number of different viruses.
A nanoviricide is a biomimetic - it is designed to look like the cell surface to the virus. The nanoviricide
technology enables direct attacks at multiple points on a virus particle. It is believed that such attacks would lead to the virus particle
becoming ineffective at infecting cells. Antibodies in contrast attack a virus particle at only two attachment points per antibody. 

It is anticipated that when a virus comes in contact
with the nanoviricide, not only would it land on the nanoviricide surface, binding to the copious number of ligands presented there, but
it would also get entrapped because the nanomicelle polymer would fuse with the virus lipid envelope, harnessing a well known biophysical
phenomenon called lipid-lipid mixing . In a sense, a nanoviricide drug acts against viruses like a venus-fly-trap 
flower does against insects. Unlike antibodies that tag the virus and require the human immune system to take over and complete the task
of dismantling the virus, a nanoviricide is a nanomachine that is designed to not only bind to the virus but also complete the task of
rendering the virus particle ineffective. 

In addition, the nanoviricide technology also
simultaneously enables attacking the rapid intracellular reproduction of the virus by incorporating one or more active pharmaceutical
ingredients (APIs) within the core of the nanoviricide. The nanoviricide technology is the only technology in the world, to the best
of our knowledge, that is capable of both (a) attacking extracellular virus, thereby breaking the reinfection cycle, and simultaneously
(b) disrupting intracellular production of the virus, thus blocking the complete lifecycle of the virus, enabling complete control of
a virus infection. 

We have developed NV-CoV-2-R based on this
encapsulation capability that is built into its nanoviricide NV-CoV-2. The Company has chosen to encapsulate remdesivir as the
participating drug for blocking the viral replication cycle. Remdesivir is approved by the US FDA for the treatment of patients
hospitalized with COVID-19. Encapsulation of remdesivir in the Company s nanoviricide envelope is believed to protect it from
metabolism in the body. This protection can be expected to lead to significant enhancement in the effectiveness of remdesivir itself
(in the encapsulated form), by potentially increasing both the effective remdesivir concentration and its duration of action. This
could be an additional favorable effect for the Company s anti-coronavirus drug candidate NV-CoV-2-R. Remdesivir is sponsored
by Gilead. The Company is developing its drug candidates independently at present. 

It should be noted that animals metabolize
remdesivir relatively rapidly, and this has been cited as a reason for poor efficacy of remdesivir in animal models. We further note
that the human clinical evidence of remdesivir efficacy against SARS-CoV-2 appears to reflect substantial metabolism in humans as
well, albeit perhaps not as strong as in rats, because the human clinical data to date did not reflect as strong an effectiveness of
remdesivir in blocking the viral infection as would be expected based on its cell culture studies. Thus, treatment with NV-CoV-2 and
with NV-CoV-2-R, at both dose levels employed, markedly extended survival of rats infected intra-tracheally (directly into the
lungs) with a lethal dose of human Cov-NL63 virus emulating the SARS-CoV-2 lung disease. Importantly, both treatments were also
markedly superior to Remdesivir treatment alone. 

Page 8 of 121 

Therefore, we believe that both NV-CoV-2 and NV-CoV-2-R
have shown strikingly superior effectiveness in animal models of the lung disease caused by the surrogate coronavirus, as compared to
the standard of care, remdesivir. The strong safety of NV-CoV-2 is expected to allow its use in circumstances where remdesivir may not
be recommended or may be contra-indicates, such as pregnancy or pediatric situations. 

The non-GLP safety/toxicology studies in rats have been completed for
both NV-CoV-2 and NV-CoV-2-R. Rats dosed at up to 562 mg/kg body weight by tail vein intravenous injection on Days 0,1,3,5,7,and 9 for
a total of 3,375mg/kg dose of NV-CoV-2 showed no side effects. No evidence of any severe adverse reactions was observed during the administration
of the NV-CoV-2 or Vehicle during the study period and at postmortem examination in all dose groups of animals. All groups including the
NV-CoV-2 and Vehicle groups tolerated the compounds similarly. The body fluids and fecal analysis showed no significant difference between
the groups. Histopathological examination showed no changes either in the areas of small intestine or large intestine. No changes in organ
weight or histology were observed in all dose groups. 

The GLP Safety/toxicology studies for NV-CoV-2 have been completed
with no evidence of adverse effects. In a GLP neuro-pulmonary safety pharmacology study in rats, the following conclusion was drawn: The
intravenous administration of NV-CoV-2 at doses of 25, 50 and 100 mg/kg did not affect respiratory function in rats. 

In a GLP cardiovascular function study in the
NHP cynomolgus monkeys, the following conclusion was drawn: Intravenous infusion of NV-CoV-2 at 25, 37.5, and 50 mg/kg did not have any
toxicologic effects on cardiac rhythm or ECG morphology in cynomolgus monkeys in this study. No significant effects on blood pressure
and heart rate were observed after the intravenous infusion of NV-CoV-2. 

The broad-spectrum anti-coronavirus effectiveness
of NV-CoV-2 and NV-CoV-2-R was established in cell culture studies. Both NV-CoV-2 and NV-CoV-2-R were found to be highly effective in
comparison to remdesivir against two distinctly different coronaviruses in our new cell culture studies. Remdesivir is one of the most
effective anti-coronavirus drugs in cell culture studies. Therefore our finding that NV-CoV-2 was highly effective and comparable to remdesivir
in activity in these cell culture studies was pleasantly surprising. Even more striking was the finding that NV-CoV-2-R exceeded the effectiveness
of remdesivir itself in these cell culture studies. These results indicate that NV-CoV-2 and NV-CoV-2-R could be some of the strongest
weapons in the fight against coronaviruses and the current COVID-19 global pandemic. These results are consistent with the effectiveness
of NV-CoV-2 and NV-CoV-2-R in animal studies against a coronavirus with lung pathology similar to the COVID-19 pathology. 

Additionally, strong SARS-CoV-2 infection inhibition
activity of NV-CoV-2 was observed in a standard pseudovirion study. Pseudovirion assay is a standard method for evaluating virus entry-inhibitors
in BSL2 laboratories and is primarily used for viruses that require high security BSL3 or BSL4 laboratories otherwise. In this study,
SARS-CoV-2- pseudovirions virus particles that carry a green fluorescent protein (GFP) producer mRNA inside, and use the SARS-CoV-2 S1
protein on their surface to bind to ACE2 receptor protein on cells were made. They were incubated with NV-CoV-2, or a known neutralizing
antibody (positive control), or just the vehicle buffer (negative control). Then these solutions were separately used to infect ACE2 positive
cells and the virus allowed to grow. The virus infectivity was determined by measuring the number of GFP positive cells (i.e. infected
cells) versus the uninfected cells. In this well-known assay, NV-CoV-2 was as effective as the neutralizing antibody in reducing the virus
infection. This study demonstrates that NV-CoV-2 attacks the SARS-CoV-2 virus particles and renders it incapable of binding to the ACE2
positive cells. 

NV-CoV-2-R 

NV-CoV-2-R was observed to provide significant
advantages to its encapsulated component remdesivir in terms of substantially superior pharmacokinetics consistent with our expectation
in designing this drug by encapsulating remdesivir within our lead drug candidate NV-CoV-2. This encapsulation results in the dual-acting
drug candidate NV-CoV-2-R which we believe has the promise of a potential pan-coronavirus cure. 

Page 9 of 121 

Pharmacokinetics of Encapsulated Remdesivir
Compared to Standard Formulation 

Almost double the amount of remdesivir remained
intact in plasma when given as the encapsulated NV-CoV-2-R form, in comparison to the standard remdesivir formulation made in betadex
sulfobutyl ether sodium (SBECD), during the first day of dosing in a rat pharmacokinetics study in the time profile. Additionally, remdesivir
accumulation was observed on repeated dosing of NV-CoV-2-R. After the fifth dose of NV-CoV-2-R (on day 7), in comparison to the standard
remdesivir dosing pattern (twice on day 1 followed by daily thereafter; on day 7), the circulating level of intact remdesivir in plasma
was 75 greater in the NV-Cov-2-R group as compared to the standard remdesivir group. The data were normalized to reflect the same amount
of remdesivir given to the animals per kg body weight for uniform comparison. The assays were performed using the well-established isotopic
internal standard method of remdesivir estimation with LCMS detection. 

The increased circulating level of intact remdesivir
when given as NV-CoV-2-R encapsulated formulation without any increase in toxicity is significant. It can be expected to result in improved
antiviral effectiveness of the remdesivir component in human usage of NV-CoV-2-R treatment. This is important because remdesivir is a
highly effective drug in cell culture and pre-clinical studies but does not show clinical effectiveness in humans at levels that would
be expected based on its cell culture efficacy because of its rapid metabolism. Additionally, there is very little margin to increase
remdesivir dosing in its standard formulation because of dose limiting toxicity. 

Importantly, NV-CoV-2-R was found to be less toxic
than the standard remdesivir formulation in this study. At day 7, when a total of 80mg/kg remdesivir was dosed in the standard formulation,
the body weight loss was approximately 9.5 in male and 9.5 in female animals. In contrast, when 80mg/kg of remdesivir was delivered
as NV-CoV-2-R encapsulated formulation, at day 7, the weight loss was only approximately 3 in male animals and 1 in female animals that
was the same as with the vehicle treatment reflecting injection trauma itself and no drug toxicity. 

These data demonstrate that the pan-coronavirus
nanoviricide drug candidate NV-CoV-2-R substantially decreases the loss of remdesivir to bodily metabolism in comparison to the standard
formulation, and also minimizes toxic effects of remdesivir. We anticipate that this stabilizing effect should lead to a highly effective
pan-coronavirus drug that could potentially cure most cases of COVID-19 infection. 

Both remdesivir and NV-CoV-2 have demonstrated
broad-spectrum activity against coronaviruses. Thus NV-CoV-2-R is expected to continue to be active in spite of evolution of novel variants
of SARS-CoV-2. In contrast, antibody drugs and vaccines which induce antibodies lose effectiveness against variants. The more the variant
drifts from the original strain, the less protection is offered by vaccines, and effectiveness of antibodies also diminishes significantly.
This is now known to be occurring for current vaccines and antibodies during the global COVID-19 pandemic. 

NV-CoV-2-R combines (1) the power of the nanoviricides 
platform attacking the virus particle outside cells with (2) the power of remdesivir in attacking the virus reproduction inside cells.
Additionally, we believe that (3) NV-CoV-2-R would be improving the effect of remdesivir by (a) enabling a higher effective concentration
of remdesivir in the body and (b) sustaining this higher concentration for a substantially longer period of time, both compared to the
standard formulation of remdesivir, as observed in this pharmacokinetic animal study. 

NV-CoV-2-R combines two different mechanisms of
attack against the virus and therefore is expected to be substantially more difficult for the virus to evade than either NV-CoV-2 or remdesivir
alone. This is important because scientists believe it is only a matter of time before variants of SARS-CoV-2 that evade current vaccines
and antibody drugs become commonplace. 

Both NV-CoV-2 and remdesivir are expected to retain
their effectiveness against existing and emerging variants of SARS-CoV-2. NV-CoV-2 has shown effectiveness against multiple unrelated
coronavirus types. Remdesivir has been demonstrated to possess antiviral activity in cell culture against a large number of RNA viruses. 

The standard Veklury formulation of
remdesivir in betadex sulfobutyl ether sodium (SBECD) helps with suspending remdesivir in solution, but does not appear to
significantly improve upon the metabolic effects. In contrast, NV-CoV-2-R is an encapsulation approach wherein remdesivir would
slowly leak out into the bloodstream from the polymeric nano-micelle over time, imparting protection against metabolism and
sustained effective levels of the encapsulated drug component over a longer time period. 

Page 10 of 121 

The strong effectiveness of our drug candidates
NV-CoV-2 and NV-CoV-2-R against two unrelated coronaviruses, namely hCoV-NL63 and hCoV-229E, and SARS-CoV-2 pseudovirions in cell culture
studies indicates their strong potential for treatment of coronavirus diseases including COVID-19, irrespective of variants or coronavirus
types. The broad-spectrum effectiveness of the Company s drug candidates is very important as coronavirus variants that are reported
to evade antibodies, potentially causing disease in spite of vaccination, are becoming widespread as the COVID-19 global pandemic is progressing
into its second year. 

We believe that our broad-spectrum anti-coronavirus
drugs will continue to be effective even as the virus continues to mutate developing into a number of variants of concern. Antibody protection
afforded by vaccines and the effectiveness of antibody drugs have continued to decline progressively as new SRAS-CoV-2 variants continue
to emerge. We believe that our unique anti-viral nanomachine technology overcomes these issues. 

Oral administrations of NV-CoV-2 as well as NV-CoV-2-R were also found
to be highly effective in a lethal coronavirus lung infection rat model. The oral delivery requires more dosing for equivalent effect
compared to injectable delivery, as is normal for all drugs except a few that directly work in gastroenteric path itself. Additionally,
the extremely strong safety of our drugs, particularly NV-CoV-2, is expected to be very important for pediatric application. 

Thus we believe that we will be able to develop
oral formulations suitable for use in pediatric patients, and we plan to include pediatric cohorts into clinical trials at the appropriate
stages. As the variants evolve, pediatric infections and their severity have begun to rise, causing major worldwide concerns even as the
world is trying to move towards normalcy in education and child social interactions. 

Corporate Events - Intellectual Property 

Our drug development business model was formed
in May 2005 with a license to the patents and intellectual property held by TheraCour Pharma, Inc.(TheraCour) that enabled creation of
drugs engineered specifically to combat viral diseases in humans. This exclusive license from TheraCour serves as a foundation for our
intellectual property. We have a worldwide exclusive license to this technology for several drugs with specific targeting mechanisms for
the treatment of a number of human viral diseases including coronaviruses, herpesviruses, VZV, HIV, Influenza, and others. 

On June 9, 2020, we reported in a press release
that the Company signed a Memorandum of Understanding CovMoU with respect to anti-viral treatments for coronavirus derived
human infections (the Field with TheraCour. The MoU specifically provides a limited, exclusive license to all research
and development in the Field for further research and development purposes towards human clinical trials. Dr. Diwan recused himself
in the Board s discussions on the MoU, and recuses himself from the Company s discussions regarding the license agreements
as well. Our Board of Directors retained an independent consultant for the evaluation of the assets in order to develop the full license
agreement. We intend to perform the regulatory filings and own all the regulatory licenses for the drugs we are currently developing.
We will develop these drugs in part via subcontracts to TheraCour, the exclusive source for these nanomaterials. 

On September 14, 2021, we announced execution
of a license agreement for the field comprising anti-viral treatments for coronavirus derived human infections with TheraCour on September
9, 2021 (the CoV Agreement ). The licensed field includes antiviral drugs to treat SARS-CoV-2 and its variants that cause
the COVID-19 disease resulting in a global pandemic that continues to rage through the world, wave after wave, as new variants develop
and take hold. There was no upfront cash payment for the license and the compensation terms were generally consistent with prior licenses,
and are summarized below. 

Page 11 of 121 

Under the CoV Agreement, we have obtained a world-wide,
exclusive, sub-licensable, license to use, promote, offer for sale, import, export, sell and distribute antiviral drugs that treat human
Coronavirus infections using TheraCour s proprietary as well as patented technology and intellectual property, including the new
patent application cited above. The discovery of ligands and polymer materials as well as formulations, the chemistry and chemical characterization,
as well as process development and related work will be performed by TheraCour under the same compensation terms as prior agreements between
the parties, with no duplication of costs allowed. We will not make any upfront cash payments to TheraCour and we have agreed to the following
milestone payments to TheraCour: 100,000 shares of the Company s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share
(the Series A Preferred Stock upon the execution of the Agreement; 50,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock after the
grant of the approval of Licensee s Investigational New Drug (IND) Application, or its equivalent; cash payments of 1,500,000 after
the initiation of Phase I clinical trials or its equivalent; 2,000,000 after the completion of Phase 1 Clinical Trials or its equivalent
for at least one product within twelve (12) months from the date of the acceptance of the IND; 2,500,000 no later than six (6) months
after the completion of Phase 2A Clinical Trials or its equivalent for at least one product within twenty (24) months from the date of
the completion of Phase 1 or its equivalent; 100,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock after the initiation of Phase 3 clinical trials
or its equivalent; and, at TheraCour s option, 5,000,000 in cash or 500,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, no later than six
(6) months after the completion of Phase 3 Clinical Trials or its equivalent for at least one product within thirty-six (36) months from
the completion of Phase 2 Clinical Trials or its equivalent. In addition, we agreed to pay to TheraCour fifteen percent (15 of net sales
of licensed products and any income from sublicensed products, consistent with previous agreements. Under the CoV Agreement, TheraCour
retains the exclusive right to develop and manufacture the Licensed Products. The Agreement contemplates that the parties will enter into
a separate Manufacturing and Supply Agreement for the commercial manufacture and supply of the drug products if and when we intend to
engage into commercialization of the drugs. The CoV Agreement provides that the Manufacturing and Supply agreement would be on customary
and reasonable terms, on a cost-plus basis, using a market rate based on then-current industry standards, and include customary backup
manufacturing rights, as with prior agreements. The Series A Convertible Preferred Shares are only convertible upon a change of
control of the Company as defined in its full specification, are non-transferrable and have no trading market. Each Series A share
carries 9 votes, and is convertible only upon a change of control into 3.5 shares of the Company s common stock. 

To assist in the analysis of the terms of the CoV Agreement, we commissioned
research reports on Coronavirus drug market sizes for the Coronavirus antiviral field from an independent consulting agency, Nanotech
Plus, LLC. Additionally, we obtained business analysis and valuation reports for potential licensing terms for a coronavirus drug from
an independent consultant. NanoViricides was represented by McCarter English, LLP while TheraCour was represented by DuaneMorris
LLP. 

A new patent application regarding coronavirus
drug candidates has been filed under the Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT) on June 25, 2021, and is automatically licensed by us under the
CoV Agreement. Our anti-COVID drugs are based on polymeric micelle nanomedicine technologies developed by TheraCour and its affiliate,
AllExcel, Inc.( Allexcel ). The inventors at AllExcel have filed a broad PCT patent application that forms the basis of our
two lead drug candidates, namely, NV-CoV-2 and NV-CoV-2-R. The new patent application covers the new technologies, compositions, formulations,
processes, manufactured products, and methods of use, among other specifics. This patent application was filed on June 25, 2021, application
number PCT/US2007/001607, entitled Self-Assembling Amphiphilic Polymers As Anti-Covid-19 Agents . Its nominal expiry date
would be 20 years, after filing and if issued, i.e. June 24, 2041, and could be extended in certain countries under regulatory extensions
to as late as into the year 2043, providing a significant commercial runway. 

We believe that we currently do not need a
license for the use of remdesivir in developing the novel nanoviricide drug candidates that encapsulate remdesivir. We have
undertaken encapsulation of remdesivir into certain of its drug candidates for the treatment of coronavirus because we believe that
this encapsulation would result in substantial patient benefits. However, we believe that our anti-coronavirus drug candidates have
shown significant anti-coronavirus activity in cell culture and animal studies, and therefore are expected to be viable drugs
against human coronavirus infections by themselves, without encapsulating remdesivir. At present, we believe that to develop our
drug candidate NV-CoV-2 as independent, we may need to also use the approved remdesivir treatment as standard of care in addition to
the new nanoviricide drug candidate in the human clinical trial treatment arm. It may be possible that encapsulation would improve
the pharmacokinetics of remdesivir and thereby improve its effectiveness when in encapsulated form. These possibilities can only be
evaluated in a human clinical trial. We believe that any license for the use of remdesivir encapsulation in our novel drugs, if
necessary, will be feasible in the interests of resolving the pandemic. We would also be willing to collaborate with Gilead
Sciences, Inc., the developer of remdesivir, for developing the encapsulated drug. There is currently no collaboration agreement
with Gilead Sciences, Inc., nor any assurance that such an agreement can be reached. The Company is currently developing its
anti-coronavirus clinical drug candidates NV-CoV-2 and NV-CoV-2-R independently. 

Page 12 of 121 

Corporate Events - Financing 

We had approximately 20.5 million cash in hand
as of June 30, 2021, the end of the reporting period. We spent approximately 8.2 million in cash on operating activities in the reported
year, although our expenditure is expected to increase upon commissioning of human clinical trials. We believe we have sufficient financing
to complete at least the initial set of human clinical trials for our most advanced drug candidate, namely, NV-CoV-2. 

On July 8, 2020, we entered into an underwriting
agreement (the Underwriting Agreement or Offering with Kingswood Capital Markets, a Division of Benchmark
Investments, Inc. Kingswood , now EF Hutton Group). The Offering was consummated on July 10, 2020, whereby we sold 1,369,863
shares of Common Stock and a fully exercised Underwriters over-allotment option of 205,479 additional shares the public offering
price of 7.30 per share. No warrants were issued in this Offering. The net proceeds to us from the Offering was approximately 10.4 million
after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other estimated offering expenses payable by us. 

On July 31, 2020, we entered into an At Market
Issuance Sales Agreement (the Sales Agreement with B. Riley Securities, Inc. and Kingswood Capital Markets, a division
of Benchmark Investments, Inc. (each a Sales Agent and collectively, the Sales Agents ), pursuant to which
we may offer and sell, from time to time, through or to the Sales Agents, shares of Common Stock (the Placement Shares ),
having an aggregate offering price of up to 50 million (the ATM Offering ). Sales pursuant to the Sales Agreement will be
made only upon instructions by us to the Sales Agents, and we cannot provide any assurances that it will issue any Shares pursuant to
the Sales Agreement. Actual sales will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by us from time to time, including (among others)
market conditions, the trading price of our Common Stock, capital needs and determinations by us of the appropriate sources of funding.
We are not obligated to make any sales of Common Stock under the Sales Agreement and we cannot provide any assurances that it will issue
any shares pursuant to the Sales Agreement. We will pay a commission rate of up to 3.5 of the gross sales price per share sold and agreed
to reimburse the Sales Agents for certain specified expenses, including the fees and disbursements of its legal counsel in an amount not
to exceed 50,000 and have agreed to reimburse the Sales Agents an amount not to exceed 2,500 per quarter during the term of the Sales
Agreement for legal fees to be incurred by the Sales Agents. We have also agreed pursuant to the Sales Agreement to provide each Sales
Agent with customary indemnification and contribution rights. 

On March 2, 2021 we sold 814,242 shares of common
stock at an average price of 7.83 under the At-the-Market Issuance Sales Agreement with B. Riley Securities, Inc. The net
proceeds from the offering were approximately 6.1 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses. 

Management believes that the Company has several
important milestones to be achieved in the ensuing year. Management believes that as it achieves these milestones, the Company s
ability to raise additional funds in the public markets would be enhanced and support our goals of obtaining approvals for our COVID-19
drug candidates, marketing, establishing additional commercial scale manufacturing, and re-engaging additional drug development programs
that are currently on hold. 

Page 13 of 121 

Corporate Events - Board 

On November 19, 2020, we announced that Mr.
Brian Zucker, CPA, has joined the Company s Board of Directors, effective November 13, 2020, as an independent director. He
was also appointed as a member of the Board s Audit Committee, Nomination Committee and Compensation Committee. Mr. Zucker is
a Partner at CFO Financial Partners, LLC (https://www.cfopartners.com/), a firm that provides outsourced CFO (Chief Financial
Officer), Controller and Financial Operations services as well as back office reporting and bookkeeping services for public and
private companies, broker dealers, hedge funds, and family offices and high net worth individuals, among others. Mr. Zucker also
serves as the CFO and Financial Operations Principal for numerous broker dealers and hedge funds. In addition to and simultaneously
therewith, Mr. Zucker has served as a Partner at RRBB Accountants Advisors, (aka Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman Co.), a
full-service accounting, advisory and consulting firm located in Central New Jersey. He has over thirty years of experience as a CPA
specializing in the securities industry.. From 1983 through 1986, Mr. Zucker was a Senior Consultant at Deloitte Haskins and Sells
and at Price Waterhouse from January 1987 through September 1989. He has previously served as the President and Chairman of Atlantis
Business Development Corp. (ABDV), CFO of Natcore Solar Technology, Inc. (NTCXF) and as a Managing Director of American Frontier
Financial Corp. (EVIS). Since May 2018, he has been serving as the CFO of EIG Energy Partners Capital Markets, LLC. Brian holds a
CPA in States of New Jersey and New York, and holds several FINRA licenses. He is on the Board of Directors of National Investment
Banking Association (NIBA). Mr. Zucker obtained a B.S. in Public Accounting from Pace university. We believe we have thus
strengthened our Audit Committee and our Board of Directors with the addition of Mr. Brian Zucker who brings valuable multi-faceted
experience with public companies, as well as financings and banking institutions to our Board. 

Page 14 of 121 

The Nanoviricide Platform Technology in Brief 

The Company develops its class of drugs, that
we call nanoviricides , using a platform technology. This approach enables rapid development of new drugs against a number of different
viruses. A nanoviricide is a biomimetic - it is designed to look like the cell surface to the virus. The nanoviricide 
technology enables direct attacks at multiple points on a virus particle. It is believed that such attacks would lead to the virus particle
becoming ineffective at infecting cells. Antibodies in contrast attack a virus particle at only a maximum of two attachment points per
antibody. In addition, the nanoviricide technology also simultaneously enables attacking the rapid intracellular reproduction of the virus
by incorporating one or more active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) within the core of the nanoviricide. The nanoviricide 
technology is the only technology in the world, to the best of our knowledge, that is capable of both (a) attacking extracellular
virus, thereby breaking the reinfection cycle, and simultaneously (b) disrupting intracellular production of the virus, thereby enabling
complete control of a virus infection. 

The Company s technology relies on copying
the human cell-surface receptor to which the virus binds, and making small chemicals that are called ligands that will bind
to the virus in the same fashion as the cognate receptor. These ligands are chemically attached to a nanomicelle, to create a nanoviricide . 

It is anticipated that when a virus comes in contact
with the nanoviricide, not only would it land on the nanoviricide surface, binding to the copious number of ligands presented there, but
it would also get entrapped because the nanomicelle polymer would turn around and fuse with the virus lipid envelop, harnessing a well
known biophysical phenomenon called lipid-lipid mixing . In a sense, a nanoviricide drug acts against viruses like a venus-fly-trap 
flower does against insects. Unlike antibodies that tag the virus and require the human immune system to take over and complete the task
of dismantling the virus, a nanoviricide is a nanomachine that is designed to not only binds to the virus but also complete the task of
rendering the virus particle ineffective. 

Our Drug Program: NV-HHV-101 Skin Cream
for the Treatment of Shingles Rash 

NV-HHV-101 is our lead drug candidate in the HerpeCide 
program. It has advanced as a skin cream through pre-clinical development stages and at present it is at the IND application stage, with
the design of clinical protocols, clinical site selection, and preparing for clinical trials, in process. 

On August 5, 2019 we reported that NV-HHV-101
has been found to be safe and well tolerated at all dosage levels in the clinical observation portion of the GLP Safety/Toxicology study
of NV- HHV-101 as a dermal treatment. The in-life stage of the first part of the GLP Safety/Toxicology studies was completed. Both the
non-GLP and GLP Safety/Toxicology studies were conducted by BASi, Evansville, IN, a Contract Research Organization that is specialized
in IND-enabling safety/toxicology studies. 

On December 9, 2019, we further reported
the current status of NV-HHV-101 in a press release, as discussed at the Annual Shareholders Meeting held on December 7, 2019.
The in-life animal studies portions of the required GLP safety/toxicology studies were already completed then and resulting blood samples
were sent by the contract research organization, BASi, to other laboratories for different analyses. We had also sent the NV-HHV-101 drug
product for other required testing to different laboratories. Most of the studies were already completed by the external collaborators
and we were then awaiting draft reports from the completed studies to guide the IND application drafting. 

Page 15 of 121 

However, the COVID-19 epidemic expanded across
the US, and also globally, since March 2020, and did not show signs of abating rapidly. It became apparent that this epidemic would have
a significant impact on any new clinical trials for other viruses such as for our shingles treatment development. The impact would be
in terms of the ability to recruit and retain patients, as well as in the design of the clinical trial in presence of COVID-19 related
contingencies, and most importantly, in the interpretation of the resulting datasets. We therefore determined that it was better to wait
for resolution of the COVID-19 epidemic prior to entering into NV-HHV-101 clinical trials. 

Our NV-HHV-101 drug is thus in the IND stage and
we intend to file the IND soon after the COVID-19 epidemic situation resolves. Assuming an IND application is approved by the US FDA,
we will then be able to commence clinical trials in this program. 

Importantly, NV-HHV-101 has shown broad-spectrum
activity against HSV-1 (cause of cold sores ), HSV-2 (cause of genital ulcers ), and VZV (the varicella-zoster
virus, that causes chickenpox in children and immune-compromised humans, and shingles in adults). Our other HerpeCide program candidates
in progress at present are based on NV-HHV-101, thereby maximizing return on investments and shareholder value. 

The market size for the treatment of shingles
is estimated at approximately one billion dollars by various estimates. These estimates take into account the Shingrix vaccine as
well as existing vaccines. About 500,000 to 1 million cases of shingles occur every year in the USA alone. 

The market size for our immediate target drugs
in the HerpeCide program is variously estimated at billions to tens of billions of dollars. The Company believes that its dermal
topical cream for the treatment of shingles rash will be its first drug heading into clinical trials in the HerpeCide program. The Company
believes that additional topical treatment candidates in the HerpeCide program, namely, HSV-1 cold sores treatment,
and HSV-2 genital ulcers treatment are expected to follow the shingles candidate into IND-enabling development and then into
human clinical trials. 

In addition, our newly engaged program for development
of a broad-spectrum anti-coronavirus drug treatment has progressed well and we have fully engaged into this program as of this writing. 

Our Coronavirus Drug Development Program
Prior to Clinical Candidate Declaration Rapid Development of Novel drug Candidates Against a Novel Disease-Causing Virus was Enabled
by Our Platform Technology: 

Since January 2020, the Company began working
on developing a treatment for the SARS-CoV-2 virus (then known as 2019-nCoV virus) infection that causes COVID-19 spectrum of diseases.
Our efforts were at that time boot-strapped upon existing work being performed for our Shingles treatment drug candidate and earlier work
that we had performed on developing drug candidates for MERS-Coronavirus in 2014, and for SARS-Coronavirus in 2012. Although we had designed
and made drug candidates for MERS-CoV, these candidates were not tested as the global efforts quickly shifted to the Ebola epidemic in
the 2014-2015 timeframe. For the SARS-CoV-2 drug development program, we had a good head start because the structure of the first SARS-CoV
and its interaction with the human receptor ACE2 had been solved. SARS-CoV-2 uses the same receptor, ACE2, as does SARS-CoV, and another
coronavirus, namely h-CoV-NL63. Also it was found that SARS-CoV antibodies were cross-reacting with SARS-CoV-2. 

We have achieved several milestones in our newly
instituted drug development program against SARS-CoV-2 since beginning these efforts. 

Page 16 of 121 

Very quickly, in January 2020, we developed
anti-viral ligands capable of binding to the SARS-CoV spike protein (i.e. S1 antigen) at the same site where this viral spike protein
binds to the human ACE2 cellular receptor protein as a doorway to enter and infect the cell. We perform design of such anti-viral ligands
using molecular modeling tools. We continued to evolve these developments further as the program progressed. We already had some of the
lead chemicals or their fragments for these newly designed ligands in our existing chemicals and ligands library. We used the same polymer
backbone as used for NV-HHV-101 to speed up the development, and attached the different test anti-coronavirus ligands to the polymer backbone
using covalent chemical linkages, resulting in new anti-coronavirus nanoviricides test compounds. 

Viral mutations lead to viruses escaping drugs
such as antibodies and small chemicals in the field. In spite of mutations, the virus binds to the same site on the same cellular receptor
in the same fashion. We develop small chemical ligands that are designed to bind to the virus protein at the same binding area, mimicking
the cellular receptor. Thus, even if the virus mutates, the nanoviricide drugs so designed would continue to work, provided they mimic
the cellular receptor adequately and successfully. 

We also developed anti-coronavirus assays for testing these compounds
in our own BSL2 certified Virology laboratory very quickly. These cell culture assays employ known less hazardous, circulating human coronaviruses.
Of these, coronavirus hCoV-NL63 uses the same ACE2 receptor, but causes a milder disease with similar pathological manifestations, as
do SARS-CoV-1 and -2. HCoV-NL63 is known to cause severe lower respiratory tract infections in young children leading to hospitalization.
The symptoms are generally less severe than SARS-CoV-2 but are similar. In most cases, hCoV-NL63 causes relatively mild disease, often
associated with croup, bronchiolitis, and lower respiratory tract disease in children, and is considered to cause some of the common colds
in adults. Thus, the clinical manifestation of hCoV-NL63 infection in pediatric patients is similar to that of SARS-CoV-2, although much
less severe. SARS-CoV-2 causes clinically similar milder forms of disease in most patients, but moderate to severe disease requiring hospitalizations
in about 15-20 of infected persons. These similarities imply that hCoV-NL63 should be a reasonable model virus for antiviral cell culture
and animal studies in BSL2 environment in the course of antiviral drug development for SARS-CoV-2. Thus NL63 serves as a good surrogate
for SARS-CoV-2 drug development. Another coronavirus we are testing against, namely hCoV-229E, uses a different but somewhat related receptor
(in terms of biophysics). Investigating against both of these strains would allow us to examine which of the test candidates have more
broad-spectrum effectiveness against coronaviruses. However, there can be no assurance that successful results against these forms of
coronaviruses will lead to similar results against SARS-CoV-2. There can be no assurance that even successful results against SARS-CoV-2
itself will lead to successful clinical trials or a successful pharmaceutical product. This is true of every drug development effort against
SARS-CoV-2. The effectiveness of a drug against SARS-CoV-2 will need to be evaluated in human clinical trials. 

We confirmed in a press release on January 30,
2020, that we had begun working on developing a broad-spectrum anti-coronavirus drug for the treatment of SARS-CoV-2 and other coronaviruses. 

On March 16, 2020, we reported in a press
release that we had completed synthesis of certain test candidates that we had designed, and that we had completed development of anti-Coronavirus
assays for testing such novel candidates, in our own laboratories. 

On May 12, 2020, in a press release, we reported
that we had successfully developed drug candidates that demonstrated very high anti-viral effectiveness in cell culture studies against
multiple human coronaviruses. Two of the tested nanoviricides drug candidates were highly effective in cell culture assays against multiple
coronaviruses that infect humans. In particular, they were several-fold more effective than favipravir (aka T-705), against the tested
viruses. Favirpravir is a broad-spectrum nucleoside-like analog drug that is in clinical testing against SARS-CoV-2, originally developed
by Fujifilm. We tested these drug candidates for anti-viral effectiveness against two distinctly different, unrelated coronaviruses that
cause human disease, namely hCoV-NL63, and hCoV-229E. The assays evaluated the reduction caused by the drug candidate in cell death upon
viral infection, formally known as cytopathic effects (CPE) assays. 

Page 17 of 121 

We found that the same two nanoviricides drug
candidates were highly effective against hCoV-NL63, the coronavirus that uses the same cellular receptor as SARS-CoV-2, as well as another
coronavirus, namely hCoV-229E, that causes seasonal common colds in humans. HCoV-229E uses the APN (Aminopeptidase-N) membrane protein
on human cells as its receptor to enter cells, different from the ACE2 receptor used by hCoV-NL63 and SARS-CoV-2. ACE2 and APN may be
considered to belong to a common superfamily of enzyme membrane proteins in terms of biophysics. The various receptors used by different
coronaviruses all appear to fall in the broad family of membrane-associated serine proteases. As a family, they share several structural
features. Their substrate specificities are dictated by specific amino acid residues and their positions. 

We believe the fact that these nanoviricides anti-coronavirus
drug candidates are highly effective against two distinctly different coronaviruses that use different cellular receptors is very significant.
Specifically, we believe this provides substantial confidence and scientific rationale that even if the SARS-CoV-2 coronavirus mutates,
the nanoviricides can be expected to continue to remain effective. In contrast, it is generally thought that SARS-CoV-2 may be able to
escape antibodies being developed as drugs. Antibodies are known to become ineffective upon viral mutations. 

We believe that broad-spectrum anti-coronavirus drugs such as our nanoviricides
drug candidates would be expected to provide the ideal solution for combating COVID-19, provided that the candidates show effectiveness
in human clinical trials. 

On May 20, 2020, we reported in a press release
that strong effectiveness against infection by an ACE2-utilizing coronavirus in an animal model was observed for our test drug candidates
in development against SARS-CoV-2 to treat COVID-19 spectrum of diseases. In this lethal, direct-lung-infection model, animals in all
groups infected with hCoV-NL63 developed lung disease which later led to multi-organ failures, a clinical pathology resembling that of
the SARS-CoV-2. Reduction in loss of body weight at day 7 was used as the primary indicator of drug effectiveness. Rats were infected
directly into lungs with lethal amounts of hCoV-NL63 virus particles and then different groups were treated separately with five different
nanoviricides test drug candidates, remdesivir as a positive control, and the vehicle as a negative control. The treatment was intravenous
by tail-vein injection. 

Animals treated with the five different nanoviricides
showed significantly reduced body weight loss. The body weight loss was only 3.9 for the best nanoviricide candidate, ranging to 11.2 
for the potentially least effective one, as compared to 20 in the vehicle-treated control group, in female animals (n=5 in each group).
Male animals treated with the same nanoviricides also showed significantly reduced body weight loss. The body weight loss in male animals
was 8.0 for the best nanoviricide candidate and ranged up to 10.9 for the potentially least effective one, as compared to 25 in the
vehicle-treated control group (n=5 in each group). In comparison, remdesivir treatment led to a body weight loss of 15.2 in females and
18.6 in males in this study. Remdesivir is known to be rapidly metabolized in native animal models, and its effectiveness was evaluated
in specially constructed serum esterase negative mice in published literature. Importantly, this study demonstrated that our drug candidates
were highly effective in a native animal model of lethal coronavirus lung infection, which may be considered more stringent than the clinical
condition in human patients. Smaller numbers mean less loss in body weight compared to starting body weight in the group, and indicate
greater drug effectiveness. 

The striking difference in weight loss between
the two sexes in this animal model was remarkable. It has been widely reported that men are more likely to suffer severe infection and
fatalities from SARS-CoV-2 than women in the current pandemic. This feature was replicated in our animal model study indicating that biological
sex differences are the driver of the differences in the severity of infection by the coronaviruses that utilize the ACE2 receptor. 

The strong effectiveness of nanoviricide test
drug candidates in this model is consistent with the effectiveness observed in cell culture studies against infection of both hCoV-NL63,
which was used in this study, and hCoV-229E, another circulating coronavirus that uses a distinctly different receptor, namely APN. 

Thus this study corroborated the cell-culture
effectiveness and provided confidence that these nanoviricides drug candidates may be expected to result in a clinical candidate to be
pursued in human clinical trials. 

Page 18 of 121 

On July 8, 2020, we reported in a press release
that excellent safety and tolerability of the drug candidates in development against SARS-CoV-2 to treat COVID-19 spectrum of diseases
was observed in an animal model. Three different drug candidates at three different dosage levels (low, medium, and high) and vehicle
control were administered to separate groups of mice intravenously in this non-GLP Safety-Tolerability study. Sixteen mice in each group
(8 males, 8 females), were administered one of the three drug candidates at one of the three dose levels, and additionally, one group
was administered vehicle control, for seven days by daily tail-vein intravenous infusion in this blinded study with additional evaluations
on 8th day. This non-GLP safety/tolerability study was conducted under GLP-like conditions by AR BioSystems, Inc., Tampa, FL. 

Page 19 of 121 

There were no clinical signs of immune or allergic
reactions such as itching, biting, twitching, rough coat, etc. Further, there were no observable changes in any organs including
large intestine or colon on post mortem in gross histology. The only reportable changes observed were, in the high dosage groups of two
of the three drug candidates tested, associated with the non-absorption of water, in the colon. This is consistent with the clinical observation
of loosened stools in the same groups. In clinical usage, the drug candidates are not anticipated to be administered in such high levels.
The objective of this study was to discover the dosage level at which such an effect may occur. Loose or very loose stools at very high
dosages in such a study is an expected and acceptable side effect of the polyethylene glycol (PEG) moiety, which we believe forms the
backbone of the nanoviricides drug candidates. PEG is used prior to colonoscopy in humans to promote loose stools and internal cleaning
of the intestines, by causing non-absorption of water. 

Clinical observations and gross post-mortem studies
showed that the tested drug candidates were safe and well tolerated, thereby clearing the path for further development towards a treatment
for SARS-CoV-2 infection that has caused the current COVID-19 pandemic. 

On the basis of these studies, we have developed
a strategy for drug development with the goal of creating the most effective medicine to obtain regulatory approval for emergency use
in the COVID-19 pandemic in the shortest timeline feasible, after having achieved proof of concept of broad-spectrum anti-coronavirus
effectiveness of test candidates. To this end, we have worked to harness the full power of the nanoviricide platform, which (1) enables
attacking the virus particle blocking infection by itself as described above, as well as (2) enables protection and delivery of other
payload drug(s) that can interfere with the replication of the virus inside cells. 

A curative treatment for a virus such as SARS-CoV-2
coronavirus would require a multi-faceted attack that shuts down (i) the ability of the virus to infect host cells, and simultaneously,
(ii) the ability of the virus to multiply inside the host cells. The nanoviricide platform enables direct multi-point attack
on the virus that is designed to disable the virus and its ability to infect new cells. At the same time, a nanoviricide is also capable
of carrying payload in its belly (inside the micelle) that can be chosen to affect the ability of the virus to replicate.
The nanoviricide is designed to protect the payload from metabolism in circulation. Thus, the nanoviricide platform provides an important
opportunity to develop a curative treatment against SARS-CoV-2, the cause of COVID-19 spectrum of pathologies. 

We accelerated the development of a second generation
nanoviricide against COVID-19 given that a well known drug that affects the replication cycle is already available and is the only direct-acting
antiviral currently authorized in the USA, namely remdesivir. While highly effective in cell cultures, the clinical effectiveness of remdesivir
is known to be limited by the rapid metabolism it undergoes in the bloodstream upon infusion. We had hypothesized that by encapsulating
remdesivir into our nanoviricide, it may undergo limited metabolism thereby improving its effectiveness. This hypothesis has borne true
as discussed above under the heading Pharmacokinetics of NV-CoV-2-R . 

On September 16, 2020, we announced that
we had nominated a clinical drug candidate, identified as NV-CoV-1-R for further development. We also continued to work on additional
variants of various potential anti-coronavirus drug candidates. We thus guard against the risk of unknown effects in the drug development
process. One of these drug candidates, namely, NV-CoV-2 was found to have several advantages over NV-CoV-1 in terms of manufacturability
and dose formulation. Therefore we determined that it was best to advance NV-CoV-2 and NV-CoV-2-R as the top-level clinical drug candidates
against COVID-19. 

As of this writing, we have completed the required
pre-clinical studies for NV-CoV-2. We are now in the process of organizing human clinical trials that will be required to determine the
safety and effectiveness of NV-CoV-2 and NV-CoV-2-R, for regulatory drug approvals. 

Page 20 of 121 

Remdesivir is a well-known antiviral drug (developed by Gilead) that
has been approved for emergency use treatment of SARS-CoV-2 infection or COVID-19 in several countries. NV-CoV-2 is a novel agent that
is being used as an adjuvant to remdesivir in creating NV-CoV-2-R, to improve the overall effectiveness. It is well known that remdesivir
suffers from rapid metabolism in circulation that breaks down the pro-drug to its nucleoside form which is not readily phosphorylated
and therefore has poor effectiveness. We anticipate that encapsulation in NV-CoV-2 may protect remdesivir from this rapid metabolism.
If this happens, the effective level and stability of remdesivir in the body would increase. This increase may lead to increased effectiveness
if there are no adverse effects. Such increased effectiveness, if found, may also allow reduction in the required dosage of remdesivir
in the encapsulated form, i.e. as NV-CoV-2-R. In this sense, NV-CoV-2 can be viewed to act as an adjuvant that enhances the effect of
remdesivir, a known antiviral against SARS-CoV-2. We have already found that in animal studies indeed the remdesivir effective levels
are increased in the encapsulated form of NV-CoV-2-R, and the effectiveness is also increased as an anti-coronavirus agent, as compared
to the standard remdesivir/SBECD formulation Veklury (Gilead). 

Page 21 of 121 

Investor Outreach 

During the reporting period and thereafter, we
continue to make significant efforts in our investor outreach programs. We have retained Tradigital, Inc. as its investor relations
firm. In addition, we have presented at various investor conferences. We have also been interviewed on national and investor-oriented
channels, unsolicited, due to our engagement in COVID-19 drug development efforts. 

On February 4, 2020, the Company reported
in a press release that Dr. Diwan was interviewed on the Kennedy show on Fox Business News (FBN), on January 23, 2020. The Company
has licensed a copy of the video excerpt from FBN and it is available on the Company s website (www.nanoviricides.com) under the
heading NanoViricides In the News , by clicking on Dr. Anil Diwan on Fox Business - 01/23/2020 - By - Kennedy . 

On February 10, 2020, the Company reported
in a press release that Dr. Diwan was interviewed on the Stuart Varney show on Fox Business News (FBN), on January 28, 2020.
The Company has licensed a copy of the video excerpt from FBN and it is available on the Company s website (www.nanoviricides.com),
home page, under the heading Dr. Anil Diwan on Fox Business - 01/28/2020 . 

Dr. Diwan participated as a panelist on a
virtual panel discussion entitled, COVID-19: Current Pipeline and Innovations for Therapeutics and Vaccine , organized by
BioCT, an association of biotechnology and pharmaceutical businesses in Connecticut, on April 8, 2020. The panel was moderated by
Dr. Mostafa Analoui, Executive Director, Venture Development Technology Incubation Program (TIP), Office of the Vice President
for Research, University of Connecticut, Storrs, CT. A transcript of the panel discussion is available at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpTP_wnEZKw feature=youtu.be. 

On April 13, 2020, the Company reported that
Dr. Diwan and key staff members at the Company s Shelton, CT headquarters were interviewed by broadcast journalist Christine
Corrado of Proactive Investors on March 27, 2020, remotely, from their New York office. 

On April 22, 2020, Dr. Diwan presented a
corporate update focused on the COVID-19 and shingles programs at the Planet Microcap Virtual Showcase 2020. 

On June 30, 2020, we reported in a press
release that Nanoviricides, Inc. had been added to the Russell Microcap Index effective after the U.S. markets opened
on Monday, June 29, 2020. Membership in the Russell Microcap Index, which remains in place for one year, means automatic
inclusion in the appropriate growth and value style indexes. FTSE Russell determines membership for its Russell indexes primarily by objective,
market-capitalization rankings and style attributes. Russell indexes are widely used by investment managers and institutional investors
for index funds and as benchmarks for active investment strategies. Approximately 9 trillion in assets are benchmarked against Russell s
US indexes. Russell indexes are part of FTSE Russell, a leading global index provider. Inclusion of NanoViricides in the Russell Microcap
Index may be expected to increased participation in the NNVC stock positions of investment managers and institutional investors that purchase,
follow or employ this index. 

On July 21, 2020, Dr. Diwan, was invited
to participate in the B. Riley FBR Virtual Infectious Disease Summit Therapeutics Day . The Conference was organized
by B. Riley FBR, Inc. https://brileyfbr.com/ ). Dr. Diwan participated in Panel #3 at 2020 at 2:10 p.m. ET, entitled
 Taming the Severe Disease Presentations . 

Page 22 of 121 

On September 3, 2020, Dr. Diwan
provided a further update on our programs at the LD500 Virtual Conference, as reported by the Company in a press release issued on September
4, 2020. 

On September 30, 2021, Dr. Diwan presented an update at the Benzinga
Healthcare Small Cap Conference-2021 on our programs entitled Pan-coronavirus Broad-spectrum Nanomedicines NV-CoV-2 and NV-CoV-2-R
to Attack the SARS-CoV-2 Virus and its Variants in the Global Pandemic . 

We have provided updates on our progress via press releases. 

Thus we have made strong progress in drug development,
despite engaging into a novel drug program against coronaviruses in response to the current pandemic, as well as financing and leadership
building in the reported year. 

The Company s primary focus is on bringing
its broad-spectrum anti-coronavirus drug into human clinical trials as soon as possible, in response to the current pandemic, as detailed
above. 

Our other lead program, namely NV-HHV-101 skin
cream for treatment of shingles rash, is now in IND-ready stage, with clinical trial design and clinical trial selection as the remaining
steps prior to filing an IND. Shingles is caused by reactivation of VZV (Varicella-Zoster Virus), which causes chickenpox in children.
Several additional indications in the HerpeCide program, including skin creams for the treatment of genital ulcers 
(HSV-2), and for the treatment of cold sores (HSV-1 are expected to follow the shingles candidate into clinical
development. In addition, we have drug candidates in development against severe influenzas (including bird flu), HIV, Dengue, Ebola/Marburg
and other viruses at different preclinical stages. According to a 2014 market report prepared by Jain PharmaBiotech Jain ),
entitled Antiviral Thereapeutics, Technologies, Markets Companies, the overall market size for our potential
drugs is estimated to be between 40~65 Billion by 2023. This broad pipeline is enabled by our unique post-immunotherapeutic bind-encapsulate-destroy 
technology platform. 

We are a development-stage company with the goal
of commercializing special purpose nanomedicine for anti-viral drugs based on a novel, first-in-class mechanism. The Company's novel nanoviricide 
class of drug candidates are designed to specifically attack enveloped virus particles, on the same sites that they use to bind to cells
and dismantle them. Our unique biomimetic approach promises that a virus cannot escape our nanoviricide drugs due to mutations, if the
virus-binding ligands perform as designed. 

Our drug candidates are licensed from TheraCour,
and are developed by TheraCour for the Company on the basis of several patents, patent applications, provisional patent applications,
and other proprietary intellectual property held by TheraCour. Unlike usual pharma industry licenses that are specified for single chemical
entities or for groups of similar chemical entities, our licenses are specified for the vertical application field of use, thereby providing
us with a large universe of diverse development candidates under the same umbrella. The Company has exclusive licenses from TheraCour
for drug candidates derived from and based on TheraCour s technologies for several viruses. In 2005, the Company obtained a license
from TheraCour for the treatment of the following human viral diseases: Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV/AIDS), Influenza including
Asian Bird Flu Virus (INF), Herpes Simplex Virus (HSV-1 and HSV-2), Hepatitis C Virus (HCV), Hepatitis B Virus (HBV), and Rabies. Thereafter,
on February 15, 2010, the Company entered into an Additional License Agreement with TheraCour granting the Company the exclusive
licenses for technologies developed by TheraCour for the additional virus types for Dengue viruses (DENV), Japanese Encephalitis (JEV),
West Nile Virus (WNV), viruses causing viral Conjunctivitis (a disease of the eye) and Ocular Herpes Keratitis, and Ebola/Marburg viruses.
While herpes simplex viruses were already specified as licensed previously, the term ocular herpes keratitis was added to
this additional license agreement at the specific request of the Company for clarity only. In addition, the Company completed the process
of licensing the VZV (shingles, chicken pox virus) field from TheraCour in November 2019. 

The Company further completed the process of licensing
antivirals for the field of human coronavirus indications in September 2021. To date, TheraCour has not withheld any licenses for antiviral
nanomedicines that NanoViricides has requested. 

Page 23 of 121 

We retain worldwide exclusive rights to commercially
develop, commercialize, and market the licensed products. We pay TheraCour for the R D work asked to be performed by the Company to
develop these drugs, their chemistries, formulations, and manufacturing processes, substantially at cost, with a certain fee as specified
in the license agreements. We may perform initial developmental testing by ourselves and through third parties, such as academic labs,
government institutions, contract research organizations, for safety and effectiveness, among other tests. The Company may perform further
IND-enabling advanced pre-clinical studies using third parties, such as contract research organizations, usually on clinical drug candidates.
We expect to perform human clinical trials using contract research organizations with expertise in such clinical trials. We intend to
sponsor the drugs for commercialization activities and obtain the rights of commerce under various regulatory authorities for its own
use. 

We focus our research and clinical programs on specific anti-viral
therapeutics and are seeking to add to its existing portfolio of products through our internal discovery and clinical development programs
and through an in-licensing strategy. To date, we have not commercialized any product. 

Our objectives are to create the best possible
anti-viral nanoviricides and then subject these compounds to rigorous laboratory and animal testing towards US FDA and international regulatory
approvals. Our long-term research efforts are aimed at augmenting the nanoviricides that we currently have in development with additional
therapeutic agents to produce further improved anti-viral agents in the future. We believe that many viral infections that are at present
untreatable or incurable would be curable using such an advanced approach. 

The Nanoviricide Platform Technology 

NanoViricides, Inc. is engaged in the application
of nanomedicine technologies to the complex issues of viral diseases. The nanoviricide technology enables direct attacks at multiple
points on a virus particle. It is believed that such attacks would lead to the virus particle becoming ineffective at infecting cells.
Antibodies in contrast attack a virus particle at only a maximum of two attachment points per antibody. In addition, the nanoviricide
technology also simultaneously enables attacking the rapid intracellular reproduction of the virus by incorporating one or more active
pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) within the core of the nanoviricide. The nanoviricide technology is the only technology in the world,
to the best of our knowledge, that is capable of both (a) attacking extracellular virus thereby breaking the reinfection cycle, and
simultaneously (b) disrupting intracellular production of the virus, thereby enabling complete control of a virus infection. 

Our anti-viral therapeutics, that we call nanoviricides 
are designed to look to the virus like the native host cell surface to which it binds. Since these binding sites for a given virus do
not change despite mutations and other changes in the virus, we believe that our drug candidates will be broad-spectrum, i.e. effective
against most if not all strains, types, or subtypes, of a given virus, provided the virus-binding portion of the nanoviricide is engineered
appropriately. 

This powerful platform technology has enabled
us to develop several drug candidates against a large number of different viruses that could be further improved into clinical drug candidates,
thus building a very broad drug pipeline that may lead to exponential growth of the Company upon the approval of our first drug candidate. 

It is important to realize that the flexible nanoviricides
nanomedicines show substantial advantages over hard sphere nanoparticles in this antiviral drug application. Hard sphere nanomaterials
such as dendritic materials (dendrimers), nanogold shells, silica, gold or titanium nanospheres, polymeric particles (such as PLA-PLGA,
others), etc., were never designed to be capable of completely enveloping and neutralizing the virus particle. 

Nanoviricides are designed to work by binding
to and eliminating virus particles from the blood stream, just as antibodies do, only potentially much better. Treating a patient that
has a viral infection with a nanoviricide against that virus is expected to result in reduction in viremia. Reduction in viremia is an
important goal in diseases caused by all viral infections. Nanoviricides are designed to accomplish this using a Bind-Encapsulate-Destroy 
strategy to eliminate the free virus. 

A nanoviricide is constructed by chemically attaching
a ligand designed to bind to a virus particle, to a polymeric material that forms a flexible nanomicelle by self-assembly. If antibodies
are known to affect a viral disease, it is possible to construct a nanoviricide against it, and there can be a general expectation of
some success, depending upon the ligand chosen. We can choose a ligand from any of a number of chemical classes, including small chemicals,
peptides, or antibody fragments or even whole antibodies. 

Page 24 of 121 

A nanoviricide is made by chemically covalently
linking a nanomicelle - a globular polymeric micelle with pendant lipid chains inside, to one or more different small chemical
ligands designed to mimic the cellular receptor to which the virus binds. In addition, the nanoviricide can carry additional active pharmaceutical
ingredients (APIs), which may be chosen to affect the intracellular virus life cycle. Thus, the nanoviricide platforms enables construction
of complete virus-killing nanomachines that block the virus from entering the cell as well as that block further production of the virus
inside the cell. 

Attacking the Achilles Heel of
the Virus- Unchanging Ability of the Virus to Bind to Its Cognate Receptor on Cell 

We strive hard to develop virus-binding small
chemical ligands mimic the cognate cellular receptor of the virus, using rational design and molecular modeling strategies and our internal,
accumulated expertise. This is the receptor to which a virus binds to gain entry into the human cell. Some viruses use more than one,
different, receptors. The nanoviricide platform technology allows use of different ligands on the same nanoviricide drug to be able
to attack such difficult viruses. 

It would be very difficult for a virus to become
resistant to a nanoviricide that mimics the virus cellular receptor. This is because, no matter how much a virus mutates or changes,
its binding to the cellular receptor does not change. If the virus does not bind to the nanoviricide efficiently, it would likely have
lost its ability to bind to the cellular receptor efficiently as well, resulting in an attenuated version with limited pathogenicity. 

Beyond Antibodies or Post-Immunotherapeutic 
Approach: A Nanoviricide in Its Design is a Nanomachine Built to Destroy Viruses 

A nanoviricide exposes a very high density of
virus binding sites on its surface, in contrast to a human cell. Thus, a virus would be more likely to be captured by the nanoviricide
than to bind to a cell. Once bound to the virus, it is thought that the nanoviricide would wrap itself around the virus, and the interior
lipidic chains of the nanoviricide would merge into the lipid envelope of an enveloped virus, thus destabilizing the virus. This attack
is expected to result in loss of the viral glycoproteins that it uses to bind to cell and to fuse with the cell membrane, thus rendering
the virus particle non-infectious. In contrast, for an antibody to be successful as a drug, as many as ten to fifteen antibodies must
bind to saturate the virus surface. The resulting antibody-virus complex then may be subject to the complement protein system in the bloodstream,
or it may bind to antibody-receptors on human immune cells. Thus the human immune system needs to be functional for an antibody to be
effective as a drug . In a sense, antibodies only flag the virus particle as foreign. 

Almost any virus that causes pathology in humans
is able to do so because it has developed intelligent and complicated pathways for disabling the human immune system at one or more points.
This may be one of the reasons why many antiviral antibodies fail in the field use. Additionally, viruses readily escape antibodies by
mutations. Such viral escape from antibodies has been witnessed in almost every viral epidemic, be it HIV/AIDS, Influenza pandemic
of 2009, or the Ebola epidemic of 2014-15. In contrast, a nanoviricide would complete the job of making the virus particle non-infectious,
without any help from the human immune system. 

Broad-Spectrum Nanoviricide Drug Candidates 

A nanoviricide is generally broad-spectrum 
in the sense that it would be effective against all viruses that use the same cellular receptor, binding to the same site on that cellular
receptor. 

Page 25 of 121 

Formulation is Inherent in the Design Aspect
of a Nanoviricide 

Since declaring our clinical candidate, namely
NV-HHV-101 formulated as a skin cream for topical treatment of shingles rash, further development of this drug towards scale-up, formulation,
and cGMP-like manufacture has already been accomplished in a relatively rapid manner. Formulation development for novel drugs in normal
pharmaceutical paradigm often takes years. However, in the nanoviricide approach, the nanomicelle polymeric backbone itself takes care
of the formulation aspects. The nanomicelle is designed to optimize the drug for its intended route of administration, be it injectable,
skin cream, eye drops, or even oral. Thus, no specific or extensive formulation development is expected to be required after clinical
candidate declaration. 

We were able to rapidly develop the injectable/infusion
formulation, an inhalable formulation for delivery directly into lungs, as well as an oral formulation of NV-CoV-2 and NV-CoV-2-R in a
very short time because of the features of our nanomedicines technology. 

We have previously manufactured multi-kilogram
quantities of the final drug product for shingles cGLP Safety/Toxicology studies that are required for filing an IND. 

We were able to rapidly develop the injectable/infusion
formulation, an inhalable formulation for delivery directly into lungs, as well as an oral formulation of NV-CoV-2 and NV-CoV-2-R in a
very short time because of the features of our nanomedicines technology. 

Uniform Polymer Nature Enables Nanomedicine
Manufacturing Quality Assurance 

A major problem in the field of nanomedicines
has been that most nanomedicines have been found to be notoriously difficult to manufacture in a consistent manner from batch to batch.
This is because of the complexity inherent in making large molecules, and the very nature of polymer and particle making processes. 

The nanoviricide technology has been designed
from the ground up to enable consistent manufacture and control. Thus, the nanoviricide backbone is a homopolymer of a single repeating
unit or monomer, and not a block copolymer. In addition, the nanoviricide polymer is designed to dynamically and naturally self-assemble
into micelles in a solution. Also, the virus-binding ligands are chemically attached to the polymer. The extent of attachment can be assessed
by analytical techniques that we have developed and continue to develop as needed. Further we use specialized techniques in the polymer
processing to minimize any contamination with endotoxins or other foreign particles. The final nanoviricide solutions can be sterile filtered
using standard membrane filtration processes. The resulting solutions can be concentrated in a non-contaminating environment in our Process
Scale-Up Lab or our cGMP-capable Manufacturing Facility. 

Thus the nanoviricides platform has been designed
from the ground up to enable simplifications in processes and analyses that need to be implemented in order to develop robust, reproducible,
and scalable processes. 

Our BSL-2 Certified Virology Lab 

We have a BSL-2 (Biological Safety Level 2) certification
from the State of Connecticut for our Virology suite at the Shelton campus. This suite comprises three individual virology workrooms,
enabling us to work on several different viruses and strains at the same time. This facility is designed only for cell culture studies
on viruses, and no animal studies can be conducted at any of our own facilities. 

We are able to perform drug efficacy and safety
studies in cell cultures for multiple different viruses at the same time in this facility, in isolated lab rooms. 

We have developed in-house cell culture screening
capability for developing drug candidates against human Coronaviruses(h-CoV), VZV, HSV-1 and HSV-2, as well as influenzas and HIV, among
others. This capability has substantially strengthened our drug development programs. We believe that this internal screening enables
speedy evaluation of a much larger number of candidates than external collaborations allow. We believe this has significantly improved
our ability to find highly effective ligands and performing structure-activity-relationship studies of the same in a short time period. 

Page 26 of 121 

cGMP Manufacturing Facility 

Manufacturing of drug products for sale, as well
as for late stage clinical trials is required to be performed in FDA-registered cGMP manufacturing facilities. Manufacture of drugs for
earlier stage clinical trials as well as for IND-enabling GLP Safety/Toxicology studies needs to be performed in a c-GMP-compliant manner. 

We believe we are one of the very few small pharmaceutical
drug innovators that possess its own cGMP or cGMP-capable manufacturing facility. With our Shelton, Connecticut campus and pilot-scale
cGMP-capable manufacturing facility, we believe we are in a position to advance our drug candidates into clinical trials, produce the
pre-clinical tox package batches, and the clinical drug substance batches. 

We believe that this facility will be capable
of scaling to the quantity of product needed for initial market introduction and revenue generation from our first drug when approved.
We have already performed production of kilogram-scale batches of drug substance and multi-kg scale batches of drug product at this facility
successfully. We believe this scale is sufficient for clinical trials, and, depending upon final dosage level, this scale may be sufficient
for initial market entry. 

Our Herpicide TM Drug Development
Programs 

In addition to the rapid advancement in drug development
against human coronaviruses in response to the current pandemic undertaken since January 2020, as described earlier, in previous
years, we had focused our efforts primarily on the HerpeCide program. We are developing drugs against three indications in this program
in parallel at present, namely, HSV-1 cold sores (orolabial herpes and recurrent herpes labialis or RHL), HSV-2 genital
ulcers , and VZV shingles. We are developing topical treatments (skin creams or lotions) for these three indications. All of the
drug candidates in these three leading indications comprise common chemistry features and are based on the same family of ligands and
polymers, enabling efficient parallel development. Our parallel development of these indications maximizes return on investment and shareholder
value. Of these, the shingles indication program is in the process of clinical trial design and clinical site selection, which will be
a part of the IND application. The IND filing has been delayed due to the potential impact of COVID-19 on upcoming human clinical trials,
and we will complete this task to engage into clinical trials as soon as the pandemic wears down to the point that these clinical trials
can be conducted without excessive impact on design, execution, and cost of the trials. We believe that the other two indications will
advance to an IND stage in the very near future. 

Our HerpeCide program has matured towards
multiple drug indications. Besides the three indications listed above, modifications of the same drug candidates are anticipated to be
developed into (iv) Eye Drops to treat ocular (i.e. external eye) Herpes Keratitis (HK) caused by HSV-1 or HSV-2, and possibly (v) Intra-Ocular
injections to treat viral Acute Retinal Necrosis (vARN) caused by herpes viruses, primarily VZV, shingles (varicella zoster virus) and
HSV-2, a cause of blindness. 

In addition, we believe that the shingles drug
candidate may be eligible for the PHN indication as well. PHN clinical studies are long and expensive, and we plan to advance the candidate
for this indication only after its shingles indication clinical trials are completed. Further, the same drug candidate is expected to
work against chickenpox in children. Chickenpox remains a sporadic epidemic disease despite vaccines. 

Expansion to additional indications is likely,
as we perform further studies. It is likely that some of these drug candidates with variations may be able to address diseases caused
by the remaining human herpes viruses, namely EBV, HCMV, HHV-6A, HHV-6B, and HHV-7. Such expansions would enable maximization of return
on investment (ROI) and maximization of shareholder value. 

Including the HerpeCide program explained above,
we currently have nine different drug development programs, attesting to the strength of our platform technology. We have chosen to focus
strategically on the anti-coronavirus program at present, and we believe that we have candidates that are worthy of human clinical trials.
We are in the process of moving them into IND-enabling safety/toxicology studies at this time. We believe that these IND-enabling studies
should be conducted rapidly due to the expedited nature of the anti-coronavirus programs at both the CROs and at the US FDA. After this,
we plan on taking the NV-HHV-101 skin cream clinical drug candidate for treatment of shingles rash into human clinical trials, and further
develop additional HerpeCide program indications and drug candidates that are expected to result in a robust franchise with drug
approvals against a number of different herpes virus indications. 

Page 27 of 121 

Our drug development strategies may be
influenced by considerations regarding the ability to engage into licensing or co-development relationships with other
pharmaceutical companies. Pharmaceutical drug development is an expensive and long duration proposition. Management s plan is
to develop each of our nanoviricides to the necessary stage(s) for potential collaborations. Our drug development strategies
may be influenced by considerations regarding the ability to engage into collaborations with other pharmaceutical companies. Such
licensing or co-development relationships may entail upfront payments, milestones payments, cost sharing, and eventual revenue
sharing, including royalties on sales. There is no guarantee that we will be able to negotiate agreements that are financially
beneficial to the Company. The Company intends to develop its drugs on its own if a suitable collaboration does not occur. As and
when needed, management plans to continue to raise additional funds for our continuing drug development efforts from public markets.
However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in obtaining sufficient financing on terms acceptable to the
Company. 

We believe we are one of the very few small pharmaceutical
drug innovators that possess their own cGMP or cGMP-capable manufacturing facility. With our Shelton, Connecticut campus and pilot-scale
cGMP-capable manufacturing facility, we are in a position to advance our drug candidates into clinical trials, produce the pre-clinical
 tox package batches, and the clinical drug substance batches. 

The Company s cGMP-capable pilot-scale manufacturing
facility in Connecticut may enable initial market entry for some of our products upon approval, allowing the Company to grow into a stand-alone
Pharma company, in addition to a potential licensing strategy for success. The Company thus continues to minimize risk to investors by
improving the potential for success. 

We have continued to make significant progress
in advancing our newly engaged anti-coronavirus drug program, and our HerpeCide program drug pipeline. Our drug development capabilities
are substantially enhanced by the recent financings discussed earlier. 

All of these studies are dependent on external
collaborators providing available time slots for us. Thus, there can be delays in achieving the milestones that are beyond the Company's
control. 

The Human Coronavirus Treatment Drug Program 

In a very short time, we have been able to develop drug candidates
worthy of human clinical trials to treat SARS-CoV-2 infection that causes COVID-19 spectrum of diseases. We are currently advancing
NV-CoV-2 and NV-CoV-2-R as the clinical drug candidates towards human clinical studies. 

Our coronavirus drug treatment candidates were
shown to be highly active against multiple coronaviruses in cell culture studies, and also highly active against a coronavirus that uses
the same ACE2 cellular receptor as the SARS-CoV-2 (and SARS-CoV-1), namely, h-CoV-NL63, in animal studies. We are therefore confident
that these candidates may result in a drug that can be used not only during the pandemic but also normally for the various circulating
human coronavirus diseases. 

Due to the severe nature of the pandemic, several
companies are developing treatments and vaccines for COVID-19. Of these, only two at present are directly acting on the virus itself,
namely remdesivir (Gilead), and favipravir (Fujifilm). Remdesivir is currently approved for emergency use only in the USA and other countries,
and Favipravir is approved for emergency use in Japan and other countries, for COVID-19. Both of these have limited effects. They both
act inside the cell by blocking the replication cycle of the virus. Several known antivirals (developed against other viruses) have been
tested clinically both alone and in combinations, with limited effect if any. Several of such clinical trials are on-going. 

Our nanoviricide that is designed to destroy the
external virus so it does not go inside cells should be complimentary to the approach of blocking viral replication inside cells. Blocking
both the external virus and the internal replication cycle at the same time could potentially result in a cure, if effective agents to
do so can be developed. 

Additionally, several antibodies are in development
to neutralize the external virus. Antibodies are generally highly specific and the viruses are known to escape antibody treatments readily.
Convalescent plasma (plasma from recovered patients that contains neutralizing antibodies) is being attempted as a treatment. Further,
several repurposed drugs that do not attack the virus but effect the host have entered clinical trials, and many of them have shown limited
or little benefit. Dexamethasone, a corticosteroid, has been shown to help hospitalized patients with severe disease and reduce lethality,
due to its effect on calming the human immune system attacking the lungs. 

Page 28 of 121 

Several companies are advancing drug candidates
for the management of COVID-19, and many have received EUA. Most of the drug candidates are designed to provide benefits that are not
directly associated with attacking and controlling the virus. Merck and Ridgeback are developing an antiviral called molnupiravir, which
may have oral use applicable to infected persons in very early stages of disease. Pfizer is developing several antivirals against coronaviruses.
None of these drugs attack the external circulating virus particles or block the re-infection cycle as NV-CoV-2 is designed to do. Thus,
their mode is complementary to NV- CoV-2 and combination therapy with one of these drugs and NV-CoV-2 may yield substantial benefits.
We also note that none of these drugs in development attack the complete lifecycle of the virus as NV-CoV-2-R is designed to do, to the
best of our knowledge. 

There continues to remain a need for an effective, broad-spectrum anti-coronavirus
drug, in spite of all of these efforts. We believe the Company is uniquely positioned to respond to this need with its novel technology. 

The Shingles Topical Treatment Drug Program 

Our most advanced drug candidate is a nanoviricide
against VZV (varicella-zoster virus), the virus that causes debilitating shingles rash in adults and chickenpox in children. Its first
indication is expected to be as topical treatment of shingles rash. About 500,000 to 1 million episodes of herpes zoster (shingles) occur
annually in the United States alone. In spite of the new Shingrix vaccine, the market size for a therapeutic for shingles is estimated
to be in excess of 1 billion dollars according to two consulting firms, namely BioEnsemble, LLC and NanoTech Plus LLC, in reports prepared
for the Company. There is currently no approved drug against shingles, PHN or chickenpox, indicating an unmet medical need. 

Broad-Spectrum HerpeCide Drug Candidates
Enable Additional Indications 

The potential broad-spectrum nature of our anti-HSV
drug candidates is expected to enable several anti-herpesviral indications. Thus, HSV-1 primarily affects skin and mucous membranes causing
 cold sores . HSV-2 primarily affects skin and mucous membranes leading to genital herpes. HSV-1 infection of the eye causes
herpes keratitis that can lead to blindness in some cases. In addition, human herpesvirus-3 (HHV-3), aka varicella-zoster virus (VZV)
causes chickenpox in children and, when reactivated in adults, causes shingles. Shingles breakouts are amenable to topical treatment,
as are the HSV cold sores, genital lesions, and herpes keratitis of the eye. 

Topical treatment is expected to result in extremely
high antiviral efficacy. This is because such treatment would provide higher concentrations of the antiviral at the site where the virus
is manifesting at its highest levels. Highly effective topical treatments in most of these scenarios remain unmet medical needs. Most
of these indications do not have satisfactory treatments at present, if any. Further, the treatment of herpes virus infections caused
by acyclovir- and famciclovir- resistant mutants is currently an unmet medical need. 

With additional indications in the diseases caused
by viruses in the herpes virus family, it is likely that our HerpeCide program could expand into a much broader product pipeline than
currently anticipated. We anticipate that many of these new drugs would be variations on our current drug candidates. It is therefore
expected that the incremental cost of drug development for such additional indications could be substantially smaller than the cost of
developing drugs against other viruses in our portfolio. 

Progress in Identifying Clinical Lead Drug
Candidates against the Four HerpeCide Program Indications 

Previously, in August 2015, we obtained confirmatory
animal studies data on our then current lead anti-herpes virus drug candidate from TransPharm, LLC. The data confirmed the results earlier
obtained in Professor Ken Rosenthal s Lab at the NorthEast Ohio Medical Center (NEOMED). In both studies, dermal topical treatment
with our anti-HSV drug candidate led to 85~100 survival in mice lethally infected with the zosteriform, neurotropic, clinically derived
and relevant strain, namely HSV-1 H129. In contrast, all of the untreated mice had severe clinical morbidity and none of the untreated
mice survived. These studies established this drug candidate as a viable, effective potential drug. Professor Rosenthal has since retired
from NEOMED and is now Professor of Biomedical Sciences at the College of Medicine, Roseman University of Health Sciences, Summerlin,
NV. 

We have developed additional variations of the
ligand used in this older herpecide drug candidate using molecular modeling and rational design strategies. The new ligands appear to
have substantially improved effectiveness and with a similar level of safety as did the prior tested ligand. We are now performing studies
on chemical covalent conjugates of these ligands with different nanomicelle polymer backbones. We are performing a set of
studies to identify the lead clinical candidates for the different herpes virus indications based on these new nanoviricides. 

Page 29 of 121 

We have found in preclinical studies that the
nanoviricides drug candidates developed against herpes HSV-1 and HSV-2 are also effective against the shingles virus, namely VZV, also
called HHV-3 (human herpesvirus-3) in cell culture studies in house. These data were presented at the American Society of Virology 2017
annual meeting held in June 2017 at Madison, WI. Additional studies have continued to demonstrate strong effectiveness as the development
progresses. 

These results have enabled the identification
and declaration of a clinical drug candidate in the HerpeCide program. We have taken this candidate, namely NV-HHV-101, into IND-enabling
studies, towards human clinical trials. The first indication we intend for treatment with this drug is the topical treatment of shingles
rash. 

The Company s drug candidates in HerpeCide 
program are being developed for direct topical application on the affected areas to control the infections. Direct topical application
enables delivery of the highest possible concentrations of the active substance directly at the site of infection. This allows for maximal
clinical effectiveness, while at the same time minimizing side effects that are seen with systemic therapy (such as oral drugs or injectables). 

This dermal drug development workload is expected
to be significantly shorter than the studies for ocular, injectable, or oral drugs. We anticipate filing an IND once the report of these
IND-enabling studies is available. 

Topical treatment of herpes virus infections is
important because herpes viruses become latent in neuronal cells or in ganglia and cause periodic localized breakouts that appear as skin
rashes and lesions. Systemic drug treatment results in side effects because of the high systemic drug concentrations that need to be achieved
and the large drug quantities that must be administered. Since the virus remains mostly localized in the area of the rash and connected
nerve apparatus, using high concentrations of drugs delivered in small quantities topically would allow maximizing the effectiveness while
minimizing side effects. 

Since these nanoviricides are designed to attack
the virus directly, we believe that human clinical studies should reflect the success of the preclinical studies. 

HerpeCide Program Collaborations and Program
Update 

We have engaged in several collaborations to help
us finalize clinical candidates and develop IND-enabling pre-clinical data in our various programs this year. Notably, we have continued
collaborations with the CORL at the University of Wisconsin for HSV-1 and HSV-2, with focus on small animal models for ocular and dermal
diseases. 

In addition, we have a continuing relationship
with Bio-Analytical Systems, Inc. BASi ), Indiana, a CRO for GLP and non-GLP safety/toxicology Tox Package studies. Further, we continue to engage Biologics Consulting Group (BCG), Virginia, for advice and help with regulatory affairs. 

We also have a collaboration with the Campbell
Lab at the University of Pittsburgh for in vitro cell culture models of various ocular viruses including many adenovirus and herpes virus
strains, as well as animal models for ocular herpes keratitis (HK) and adenoviral epidemic keratoconjunctivitis (EKC). 

In addition, we have continued our agreement with
SUNY Upstate Medical University for the testing of the Company s nanoviricides drug candidates against VZV, i.e. the shingles
virus. This research is being performed in the laboratory of Dr. Jennifer Moffat. 

Initially, Dr. Moffat conducted cell culture
studies i.e. in vitro studies. Upon finding that the nanoviricides drug candidates were effective against VZV in cell cultures,
Dr. Moffat advanced the studies to the ex vivo human skin-patch organ culture (SOC) model studies stage, wherein our drug
candidates are being evaluated against VZV infection of human skin patches. 

Dr. Moffat has extensive experience in VZV
infection and antiviral agent discovery. The goal of these studies is to help select a clinical drug development candidate for toxicology
and safety evaluation intended for clinical trials for the treatment of shingles in humans. 

VZV is restricted to human tissue and only infects
and replicates in human tissue. The ex vivo studies are continuing to evaluate the efficacy of the Company s nanoviricides
to inhibit VZV in human skin organ cultures. Dr. Moffat has developed the human skin organ culture VZV infection model for the evaluation
of therapeutics. This model is a good representative model of natural VZV infection in humans as well as an important model for evaluating
antiviral activity, because it demonstrates behavior similar to the skin lesions caused by VZV in human patients. 

Dr. Moffat is an internationally recognized
expert on varicella zoster virus, and her research has focused on the pathogenesis and treatment of infection by this virus. The National
Institute of Health has recognized this VZV model via a contract with Dr. Moffat s lab for evaluating antiviral compounds against
VZV. Dr. Moffat is the director of two research core facilities at SUNY Upstate: the Center for Humanized Mouse Models and In
vivo Imaging. 

The Company has established a direct relationship
with the Moffat lab, without NIH as an intermediary. 

In addition, the Company continues to perform
extensive antiviral cell culture studies against VZV, HSV-1 and HSV-2 using multiple cell lines and multiple strains of the viruses, in
our BSL-2+ anti-viral cell culture laboratory in Shelton, CT. 

Page 30 of 121 

Shingles and Associated Pain, Postherpetic
Neuralgia (PHN) 

Shingles is caused by re-activation of the chickenpox
virus that most humans acquire in childhood. The chickenpox vaccine for children is a live, attenuated virus (LAV). The LAV is not as
pathogenic as the wild-type virus. However, this means the virus is present in the vaccinated individual, but remains suppressed by the
immune system. In both vaccinated and unvaccinated persons, re-activation occurs when the immune system is suppressed which may be simply
because of stress, advanced age, or some other immune modifying circumstances including immune-compromise due to organ transplants or
other diseases. Generally, humans in the age range of 50-60 are more prone to shingles, with next reactivation occurring about 10~15 years
later. There is a shingles vaccine approved for adults age 60 and above which is also available for adults younger than that. 

Acyclovir-based oral drugs, such as valacyclovir
(Valtrex ), are available as systemic therapy for shingles. Intravenous acyclovir is also employed for treatment of various VZV indications.
However, VZV is substantially less sensitive to (val)acyclovir than is HSV-1. Thus the oral drug generally does not result in optimal
level of the active drug at the site of VZV viral production, and does not result in significant control of the pathology. The antiviral
drugs may be given for a period of 14 days or longer, with as much as 5g of dose per day, due to poor efficacy. In some indications, the
treatment has been continued for a year or so. Thus, there is an unmet need for developing anti-VZV antivirals with high efficacy and
safety. 

Most adults with shingles recover in about 15~30 days from the shingles
rash. While the rash is unsightly, its stinging pain is often the debilitating pathology that leads to lost workdays and other effects.
Further, 65~70 of patients develop Postherpetic neuralgia, or PHN, a stinging, debilitating pain that lasts more than 30 days, and, in
some patients, may last for years. 

It is generally believed that PHN results from
damage to the local nerve endings and nerve cells caused by the uncontrolled production of the shingles virus. However, VZV has been found
to be present in at least 75 of PHN cases in a study, indicating a role for antivirals in controlling PHN. We believe that an effective
therapy, such as our nanoviricide against VZV, which blocks progression of the virus to infect new cells and thereby limits further production
of virus, would minimize the damage to nerve endings and nerve cells caused by the virus. We believe that this would minimize the occurrence,
severity, and time period of PHN, in addition to having significant effects on the severity of shingles rash, lesions, and healing time. 

In light of this we have conducted an animal study regarding the effect
of our nanoviricide drug candidates against shingles on neuropathic pain in a classical animal model of pain (without VZV infection).
On August 7, 2018, we reported that our anti-Shingles drug candidates were effective in ameliorating pain sensations in an animal
model of abnormal pain. In this animal study, topical treatment with the nanoviricides anti-VZV compounds significantly reduced the
measures of abnormal pain sensations in a rat model of neuropathic pain. The study was conducted at AR BioSystems in Tampa FL. A characteristic
excruciating pain is a debilitating pathology of shingles presentation. Thus a direct pain-reducing effect of the Company s anti-shingles
drug candidates would be very important in ameliorating the pathology of shingles, in addition to the already demonstrated significant
antiviral effect. 

We believe that a skin cream would be the best
form of treatment to provide rapid control of the virus and shingles lesions patch expansion, since the shingles outbreak remains highly
localized. A skin cream would afford much greater local exposure of drug to virus compared to a systemic oral or injectable treatment. 

An effective therapy for patients with severe
shingles continues to be an unmet need. 

HSV-1, HSV-2, Ocular Herpes Keratitis 

We believe that a skin cream for the control of
HSV-1 cold sores (herpes labialis, and recurrent herpes labialis or RHL) is another drug candidate that may be close to
entering human clinical trials. We have already achieved strong success in animal studies against HSV-1, as discussed above. 

Page 31 of 121 

We believe that we will be able to successfully
develop a drug candidate for Ocular Herpes Keratitis (HK) as well. It is caused by HSV-1 or HSV-2 infection of the external eye. We are
developing this drug as topical eye drops or eye lotion, in order to achieve maximum local drug effect while minimizing systemic exposure.
We plan on testing these drug candidates against adenoviruses as well, to determine if the same drug would also be effective against epidemic
keratoconjunctivitis (EKC, the severe pink eye disease). If the same drug works against herpes virus and adenovirus infections
of the eye, we expect this drug may cover almost 99 of all external eye viral pathologies. 

We also believe that we will be able to develop
a drug against HSV-2 genital herpes. We plan on developing a skin cream for this indication, to maximize local effectiveness. 

Viral Acute Retinal Necrosis (v-ARN) 

The Company is also exploring additional indications
of its anti-herpes drug candidates that are expected to broaden the pipeline and require limited development work. In particular, certain
eye diseases of the retina have been causatively linked to herpes viruses. For example, most cases of viral Acute Retinal Necrosis (ARN),
a disease that leads to severe loss of vision and can lead to blindness, have been linked to VZV and HSV-2, with some also associated
with HSV-1 or CMV infection of the eye. It is believed that, HSV-2 ARN in children and adolescents may result from undiagnosed and asymptomatic
neonatal HSV-2 infection, which has reactivated several years later from latency in a cranial nerve and entered the retina. Currently,
intravenous followed by oral acyclovir derivatives daily for several months to years and sometimes intravitreal (into the eye) foscarnet
injections are therapeutically employed with limited effectiveness, establishing the potential of effective antiviral therapy to avoid
blindness as well as multiple surgeries related to retinal detachment. A highly effective antiviral that can be injected into the eye
infrequently and provides sustained antiviral therapeutic effect over a long period of time for ARN is an unmet medical need. 

Neonatally acquired herpes virus infections, even
when asymptomatic, are thought to have led to ARN as late as age 22. There are approximately 2,500 cases per year of diagnosed neonatal
herpes virus infections in the USA. 

cGMP Manufacture 

We have already manufactured our drug candidate,
NV-HHV-101, in a cGMP-compliant manner at this facility for the IND-enabling GLP Safety/Toxicology study. The drug substance, or active
pharmaceutical ingredient (API) was produced at approximately 1kg-scale. Drug products, i.e. different dose levels of the skin cream,
were made at scales of 3-5kg batches. 

We have also manufactured our developmental drug
candidates for the treatment of human coronaviruses at approximately 0.5kg scale already in our scale-up manufacturing facility and in
our cGMP-compliant manufacturing facility. 

The FluCide Program 

We intend to re-engage the FluCide program once
the HerpeCide drug candidates enter human clinical trials, resource permitting. Previously, we had achieved industry-leading effectiveness
levels demonstrating as high as 1,000-fold viral load reduction in a lethal animal model of influenza infection with multiple strains
of influenza. We were developing an injectable drug candidate for treatment of severely ill patients, and an oral drug candidate for the
treatment of outpatients. 

Page 32 of 121 

DengueCide 

We intend to reengage the DengueCide program if
and when non-dilutive funding such as research grants become available to us. At present we have not applied for any grants for this program. 

HIVCide 

We intend to re-engage the HIVCide program once the HerpeCide drug
candidates enter human clinical trials, resource permitting. Previously, the drug candidates in the HIVCide program were found
to have effectiveness equal to that of a triple drug HAART cocktail therapy in the standard humanized SCID-hu Thy/Liv mouse model. Moreover,
the nanoviricides were long acting. Viral load suppression continued to hold for more than four weeks after stopping HIVCide treatment.
The Company believes that this strong effect and sustained effect together indicate that HIVCide can be developed as a single agent that
would provide Functional Cure from HIV/AIDS. The Company believes that substantially all HIV viruses can be cleared upon
HIVCide treatment, except the integrated viral genome in latent cells. This would enable discontinuation of treatment until HIV reemerges
from the latent reservoir, which may be several months without any drugs. Moreover, the Company believes that this therapy would also
minimize the chances of HIV transmission. The Company is currently optimizing the anti-HIV drug candidates. These drug candidates are
effective against both the R5 and X4 subtypes of HIV-1 in cell cultures. The Company believes that these drug candidates are broad-spectrum ,
i.e. they are expected to be effective against most strains and mutants of HIV, and therefore escape of mutants from our drugs is expected
to be minimal. Certain anti-HIV nanoviricides have already been demonstrated that appear to provide extended viral load suppression for
as long as 30 days or more even after stopping the drug, in animal studies. Given the chronic nature of HIV/AIDS, such a drug that has
long sustained effect is expected to provide significant benefits to the patient. We believe once a week dosing is possible. Anti-HIV
drug development is both expensive and slow because of the nature of the animal studies that require SCID mice whose immune system is
destroyed and then replaced by surgically implanting and growing human immune system tissues in the mouse body. Due to our limited resources,
HIVCide development is further hampered. 

EKC 

The Company is developing broad-spectrum eye drops
that are expected to be effective against a majority of the viral infections of the external eye. Most of these viral infections are from
adenoviruses or from herpes viruses. The Company has shown excellent efficacy of its drug candidates against EKC (adenoviral epidemic
keratoconjunctivitis) in an animal model. If feasible, we are planning to merge the anti-EKC drug development program and the ocular Herpes
Keratitis drug development program, to develop a single drug that is effective against both diseases, i.e. effective against both adenoviruses
and herpes viruses. This work is in research stage. 

Other Drug Programs: Ebola, Rabies and others 

In addition, the Company also has research programs
against Rabies virus, Ebola and Marburg viruses, and others. We will not be undertaking socially important programs such as the development
of an anti-Zika virus drug candidate, or continuation of our efforts in developing anti-Ebola drug candidate, unless non-dilutive funding
for such efforts becomes available. At present we have not applied for any grants for these programs. 

To date, the Company does not have any commercialized
products. The Company continues to add to our existing portfolio of products through our internal discovery and clinical development programs
and also seeks to do so through an in-licensing strategy. 

Thus, this year, we have further focused our programs
and prioritized them in order to advance our first drug candidate into the clinic in the fastest possible path. 

Page 33 of 121 

Safety and Toxicology Studies 

Our novel drug candidate for COVID-19 treatment,
NV-CoV-2 has successfully completed GLP safety/toxicology studies required for filing an IND application in the near future. Both NV-CoV-2
and NV-CoV-2-R have successfully completed pre-clinical safety/toxicology studies. 

As part of the IND-enabling development of
our topical skin cream for treatment of shingles rash, we have performed a substantial amount of safety and toxicology studies. We
performed non-GLP safety toxicology studies in a rat model with two of the development stage candidates first. Both candidates were
extremely well tolerated and no adverse events occurred. This, along with efficacy studies in the Human Skin Organ Culture model of
Dr. Moffat, led us to identify a clinical candidate, namely, NV-HHV-101. We have performed IND-enabling non-GLP Safety
Toxicology studies of this clinical candidate in multiple animal species. NV-HHV-101 was well tolerated at all dosages tested and
none of the parameters tested were affected. Based upon these results, a GLP Safety/Toxicology study of dermal treatment in
mini-pigs has been commissioned. These safety results are in agreement with histopathological observations in the human skin organ
culture model studies. 

We believe that these safety/toxicology results
are also applicable to other drug candidates as well in the sense that they have established the safety of the polymer backbones that
we have employed. The polymer is made up of PEG (polyethylene glycol) chains put together into a single polymer chain with ligands and
pendant lipids substantially uniformly attached at the connector points. This enables the nanoviricide to be substantially non-immunogenic.
PEG chain attachment or PEGylation is a widely used technique for rendering antibodies and other drugs substantially non-immunogenic. 

Successful preliminary safety study in an animal
model has cleared the way for us to begin IND-enabling safety/toxicology study for our shingles treatment drug candidate, as described
earlier. 

Clinical and Regulatory Strategy 

We have engaged a number of regulatory consultants
with US FDA experience, to advise us on the regulatory pathways, and the studies required for the IND applications for the various disease
indications. 

We are expeditiously working on taking one of
our anti-coronavirus developmental candidates into human clinical trials for the treatment of the SARS-CoV-2 infection that causes COVID-19
spectrum of diseases. 

After the COVID-19 clinical program advances,
we plan on taking our anti-VZV drug candidate NV_HHV-101 into human clinical studies. 

The other HerpeCide program drug candidates
are expected to follow into clinical development, as the necessary additional safety and efficacy studies in cell culture and animal models
are performed. We depend upon external collaborators for animal safety and efficacy studies, limiting the speed of our drug development
work. While we seek collaborators and providers that have animal models that may be predictive of efficacy in human clinical trials, pharmaceutical
drug development relies on what is available and what is doable rather than this gold standard. Newly implemented animal models require
validation studies to establish how reproducibly they can discriminate between placebo and drugs that are known to work in the clinic,
when such drugs are available. In many cases, we have to rely upon research level animal models that have not yet established such robustness.
Nevertheless, we can continue to use such models to obtain preliminary indications for drug candidate refinements. 

Page 34 of 121 

We believe that the efficacy we have observed
of our anti-VZV drug candidates in the ex vivo Human Skin patch Organ Culture SOC model in the Moffat Lab is a strong
indicator that these drug candidates are worthy of clinical development. There is no well-established animal model for shingles at present.
As such we assume that these datasets will be sufficient for filing an IND. 

With the non-GLP Safety/Toxicology data, and our
Chemistry, Manufacture and Controls (CMC) manufacturing dataset, we filed a pre-IND application with the US FDA for NV-HHV-101 as a topical
treatment for shingles rash. 

On June 3, 2019, the Company reported that
the US FDA (the Agency) has generally agreed in its pre-IND response that the plan of drug development presented by the Company to the
FDA is generally adequate at this time. The Company received the response on May 23, 2019. 

In particular, the Agency agreed that the Company s
strategy for drug substance and drug product acceptance criteria is adequate. The Agency further agreed that the IND-enabling non-clinical
studies proposed by the Company are generally adequate. The US FDA also said that the proposed design of the IND-opening human clinical
studies appears reasonable at this time. 

The FDA made valuable suggestions in the pre-IND
response. The additional non-clinical studies recommended by the Agency are generally consistent with the Company s planned IND-enabling
non-clinical studies. The Company has discussed the Agency s comments and suggestions in detail with its regulatory consultants
from Biologics Consulting Group, VA, and has continued the pre-clinical development program accordingly. 

We believe that our existing cGMP-capable manufacturing
facilities are sufficient for the production of drug products for human clinical studies. 

Large Market Sizes The Company Targets
an Overall Anti-Viral Drug Market Size that Exceeds 40B 

We have not attempted to evaluate the market size
of coronavirus drug candidates. During the pandemic, it is clear that hundreds of billions of dollars are being spent on vaccines and
therapeutics for COVID-19 treatment worldwide. However, it is expected that overall number of cases and their severity would go down as
time progresses assuming that the available vaccines remain effective. Novel SARS-CoV-2 variants however continue to evolve and continue
to improve in their transmissibility, infectiousness, as well as vaccine and antibody avoidance. Further, given the penetration of this
virus, it is generally believed that it will become endemic. Based on these considerations, it can be expected that the market size for
anti-coronavirus drugs will continue to be in several billions of dollars annually even after the pandemic abates. 

The current market size for drugs for the treatment
of different herpes simplex infections is estimated to be approximately 2-4 billion. The current market size for the treatment of shingles
is estimated to be approximately 500 million to 1 billion. We believe that when an effective topical treatment is introduced, the market
size is likely to expand substantially, as it has for several drugs in the antivirals, oncology, and other areas. 

The approximate market size for severe cases of
shingles may be approximately one billion dollars. Severe cases of shingles may lead to hospitalization in several thousand cases in the
USA every year. In addition, shingles appearing on the face may reach the eye and may cause significant vision issues. The outpatient
treatment market size for shingles at present is limited, because of the limited effectiveness of existing drugs. An effective drug could
expand this market into billions of dollars globally. A new two-dose shingles vaccine called Shingrix has recently been introduced.
However, due to the severe side effects in a significant percentage of persons taking this vaccine at its first dose, compliance as well
as market penetration may be limited. The supplies of this vaccine are limited at present. Shingles is not seen as a life-threatening
or life-modifying disease, the use of vaccines is limited, and may continue to be limited, especially if an effective drug is developed. 

Page 35 of 121 

In addition, the estimated market size for an
effective anti-Influenza drug is expected to be in tens of billions of dollars. The current estimate of anti-influenza drug market size
is approximately 4 billion. The current market size for anti-HIV treatments is in excess of 20 billion. Other drugs in our pipeline,
taken together, are estimated to be several billion dollars in market sizes. 

Our focus at present is on the coronavirus program,
with second priority on the topical treatments for different herpes virus infections in the HerpeCide program, as listed elsewhere in
this report. We plan on re-engaging our Influenza and HIV programs when sufficient funding and skilled human resources are available. 

Our Campus in Shelton, CT 

The multi-kilogram production scale of our
cGMP-capable manufacturing facility would enable the potential for NanoViricides to become a fully integrated pharmaceutical company FIPCO ), organically growing by generating revenues from initial market entry, if our first drug is approved for
marketing by appropriate regulatory authorities. As an example, a similar transition from R D to FIPCO at Alexion (stock symbol:
ALXN) led to a significant upswing in the market value of that company. 

With the large R D labs, Analytical labs,
the Bio labs, the Process Scale-Up production facility, and the cGMP-capable manufacturing facility established at our Shelton campus,
we are in a much stronger position than ever to move our drug development programs into the clinic rapidly. These capabilities have enabled
the rapid progress of our first drug candidate from development cycles through clinical drug candidate declaration to IND-enabling non-GLP
and GLP Safety/Toxicology studies over the past two years. 

Process Scale-Up Production Capability 

The Process Scale-up area is available and operational
at scales of 200g to 2kg per step for different chemical synthesis and processing steps as required. It comprises reactors and process
vessels on chassis or skids, ranging from 1L to 30L capacities, as needed. Many of the reactors or vessels have been designed by us for
specific tasks. 

cGMP Production Capability 

Our versatile, customizable cGMP-capable manufacturing
facility is designed to support the production of multiple kilograms-scale quantities of any of our nanoviricides drugs. In addition,
it is designed to support the production of the drug in any formulation such as injectable, oral, skin cream, eye drops, lotions, etc.
The production scale is designed so that clinical batches for Phase I, Phase II, and Phase III can be made in this facility. The clean
room suite contains areas suitable for the production of sterile injectable drug formulations, which require special considerations. 

We believe that the production scale is sufficient
for initial market entry of the current drugs in the HerpeCide program. 

This cGMP-capable facility can handle multiple
reactors on chassis of up to 75L capacities. 

At present, we move operations to our cGMP-capable
manufacturing facility from the Process Scale-up facility as the operational steps are developed to the level needed for moving them into
the cGMP facility. This requires the development of draft-level Standard Operating Procedures, training, and drill-through of operations.
We now have a functional Quality Assurance and Quality Control Department. 

Page 36 of 121 

Our BSL-2 Certified Virology Lab 

We have established several different types of
assays for screening of candidates against VZV, HSV-1 and HSV-2 in our BSL-2+ Virology lab. We believe that having developed the internal
capabilities for cell culture testing of our ligands and nanoviricides against a variety of viruses has substantially strengthened our
drug development programs. We believe that this internal screening enables speedy evaluation of a much larger number of candidates than
external collaborations allow. This has significantly improved our ability of finding highly effective ligands and performing structure-activity-relationship
studies of the same in a short time period. 

We have the ability to work on multiple types
of viruses or multiple virus strains at the same time, as this facility comprises three independent virological rooms. We also have the
capability for performing HIV screening assays based on cell culture in house now, once we re-engage that program. We also have the ability
to perform limited anti-influenza drug screening assays in cell culture in house. 

It is now possible for us to implement several
other cell culture-based assays for many different viruses. These capabilities are expected to enable rapid drug development once we re-engage
the drug development efforts in areas beyond the HerpeCide program again. 

We do not have the facilities for performing animal
model studies for any of our programs. We depend upon external collaborators for such studies. 

Manufacturing Requirements of Some of Our Drug
Candidates 

The anti-coronavirus batch drug candidate manufacturing
requirements are expected to be modest. We have sufficient capacity to support potential clinical trials from possibly a single batch
of production, depending upon dosage requirements. We may have the ability to produce sufficient drug to produce tens of thousands of
patients, depending upon dosage requirements, at our current facility itself. 

The HerpeCide program drug product batch requirements
are estimated to be fairly modest because of the topical nature of treatment. In consultation with BASi and BCG, we had estimated a batch
size of approximately 1kg drug substance to be sufficient for the Tox Package (i.e. safety and toxicology) studies of our
dermal topical shingles drug candidate. NV-HHV-101 drug substance manufactured at approximately 1kg scale in a cGMP-compliant manner and
formulated into drug products at different concentrations at scales of up to 5kg was manufactured for the GLP Safety/Toxicology studies
in our facility. Performing the manufacture in house has saved us a significant amount of money, possibly in tens of millions of dollars,
as well as in time, possibly at least one year. 

Page 37 of 121 

We are estimating that a ~500g batch will be more
than sufficient for initial Phase-I human clinical studies as well. Our current estimate for a Phase 2a human clinical efficacy study
is also in the range of a ~500g batch requirement. We already have the facilities for producing up to 1kg per batch or more. 

As we move our drug candidates into clinical studies,
we plan to perform further scale-up studies. In the current facility, we may be able to manufacture about 20kg to 50kg of cGMP API (active
pharmaceutical ingredient) annually. Depending upon the drug s potency and indication, this production size may fetch modest revenues
of around 50M to 500M, depending upon the cost metrics, enabling profitable market entry. Such initial commercialization would allow
the Company to turn itself into a stand-alone fully integrated pharmaceutical company, by enabling capital formation for larger scale
manufacturing facilities and fueling further growth. 

Patents, Trademarks, Proprietary Rights: Intellectual
Property 

The nanomedicine technologies licensed from TheraCour
serve as the foundation for our intellectual property. NanoViricides holds a worldwide exclusive license to certain technology for several
drugs with specific targeting mechanisms for the treatment of the following human viral diseases: Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV/AIDS),
Hepatitis B Virus (HBV), Hepatitis C Virus (HCV), Rabies, Herpes Simplex Virus (HSV-1 and HSV-2), Influenza and Asian Bird Flu Virus.
The Company has entered into an Additional License Agreement with TheraCour granting NanoViricides the exclusive licenses for technologies
developed by TheraCour for the additional virus types: Dengue viruses, Japanese Encephalitis virus, West Nile Virus, Viruses causing viral
Conjunctivitis (a disease of the eye) and Ocular Herpes, and Ebola/Marburg viruses. 

On September 1, 2005, the Company entered
into a Material License Agreement, (the License Agreement with TheraCour. Initially, TheraCour granted the Company an exclusive
license for technologies developed by TheraCour for six virus types: HIV, HCV, Herpes Simplex Virus (HSV-1 and HSV-2), Rabies, Asian (bird)
flu and Influenza. In consideration for obtaining this exclusive license, we agreed: (1) that TheraCour can charge its costs (direct
and indirect) plus no more than 30 of certain costs as a development fee and such development fees shall be due and payable in periodic
installments as billed; (2) to pay 25,000 per month for usage of lab supplies and chemicals from existing stock held by TheraCour;
(3) to pay the greater of 2,000 or actual costs, for other general and administrative expenses incurred by TheraCour on our behalf;
(4) to make royalty payments of 15 (calculated as a percentage of net sales of the licensed drugs) to TheraCour; (5) that TheraCour
shall retain the exclusive right to develop and manufacture the Licensed Products, exclusively for NanoViricides, and unless such license
is terminated, will not develop or synthesize the Licensed Products for its own sake or for others; and (6) to pay an advance payment
equal to twice the amount of the previous months invoice to be applied as a prepayment towards expenses. TheraCour may terminate the License
upon a material breach by us as specified in the agreement. However, the Company has the opportunity to cure the breach within 90 days
of receipt of notice to terminate the License. On February 15, 2010, the Company approved an Additional License Agreement with TheraCour.
Pursuant to the exclusive Additional License Agreement, in consideration for the issuance of 2,000,000 shares of the Company s Series A
Preferred Stock, (the Series A Preferred ), the Company was granted exclusive license, under the same terms as the original
License Agreement, for technologies, developed by TheraCour, for the development of drug candidates for the treatment of Dengue viruses,
Ebola/Marburg viruses, Japanese Encephalitis, viruses causing viral Conjunctivitis (a disease of the eye) and Ocular Herpes. In 2015 TheraCour
stopped billing the Company and the Company stopped paying for the 25,000 per month usage fee for prior existing materials, by mutual
agreement. There was no amendment to the license contract effected for this purpose. 

Page 38 of 121 

On November 1, 2019, the Company entered
into a Licensing Agreement (the Agreement with TheraCour for an exclusive license for the Company to use, promote, offer
for sale, import, export, sell and distribute products for the treatment of VZV derived indications. Process development and related work
will be performed by TheraCour under the same compensation terms as prior agreements between the parties, with no duplication of costs
allowed. The Company was not required to make any upfront payments to TheraCour and agreed to the following milestone payments to TheraCour;
the issuance of 75,000 shares of the Company s Series A preferred stock upon the grant of an IND Application; 1,500,000 in
cash upon completion of Phase I Clinical Trials; 2,500,000 in cash upon completion of Phase II clinical trials; and 5,000,000 in cash
upon completion of Phase III clinical trials. 

In September 2021, we entered into a Licensing
Agreement (the CoV Agreement with TheraCour for an exclusive license for us to use, promote, offer for sale, import, export,
sell and distribute products for the treatment of human coronavirus derived indications, described in detail earlier. These licenses are
not limited to underlying patents, but also include the know-how, trade secrets, and other important knowledge base that is utilized for
developing the drugs and making them successful. 

In addition, these extremely broad licenses are
not limited to some specific chemical structures but comprise all possible structures that we could deploy against the particular virus,
based on the licensed technologies. Further, the licenses are held by NanoViricides for worldwide use. The licenses can revert only in
the case of a default by NanoViricides. The terms of default are such that, effectively, TheraCour would be able to take the licenses
back only in the event that NanoViricides files bankruptcy or otherwise declares insolvency and the inability to conduct its business. 

Patents and other proprietary rights are essential
for our operations. If our drugs are protected by a properly designed and enforceable patent, it can be more difficult for our competitors
to use our technology to create competitive products and more difficult for our competitors to obtain a patent that prevents us from using
technology we create. As part of our business strategy, in conjunction with TheraCour, a company controlled by our founder and the holder
of the patents underlying our licensed technology, we actively seek patent protection both in the United States and internationally and
intend to file additional patent applications, when appropriate, to cover improvements in our compounds, products and technology. We also
rely on trade secrets, internal know-how, technological innovations and agreements with third parties to develop, maintain and protect
our competitive position. Our ability to be competitive will depend on the success of this strategy. 

The Company believes that our drugs by themselves
may be eligible for patent protection. The Company, in conjunction with TheraCour, plans on filing patent applications for protecting
these drugs when we have definitive results from in vitro or in vivo studies that enable further drug development and IND application
filing. 

The Company has licenses to key patents, patent
applications and rights to proprietary and patent-pending technologies related to our compounds, products and technologies (see Table
1), but we cannot be certain that issued patents will be enforceable or provide adequate protection or that pending patent applications
will result in issued patents. 

Page 39 of 121 

Table 1: Intellectual Property, Patents, and
Pending Patents Licensed by the Company 

Patent or Application 
 
 Date of Issue/ 
 Application 
 
 US Expiry 
Date 
 
 International 
 
 Owners 

US6,521,736 
 
 (Certain specific amphiphilic polymers). 
 
 Issued: Feb 18, 2003 
 
 Feb 18, 2020 
 
 N/A 
 
 TheraCour Pharma and Univ. of Massachusetts, Lowell. [Nonexclusive license from TheraCour Pharma]. 

PCT/US06/01820 
(SOLUBILIZATION AND TARGETED DELIVERY OF DRUGS WITH SELF-ASSEMBLING AMPHIPHILIC POLYMERS). 
 
 Applied: Jan 19, 2006 PCT U.S. Issuance: May 8, 2012. 
 
 October 2028 (estimated) 
 
 Applications are in various prosecution stages. Fifty-two of these have been issued or validated 
 
 TheraCour Pharma, Inc. [Exclusive License]. 

PCT/US2007/001607 
SELF-ASSEMBLING AMPHIPHILIC POLYMERS AS ANTIVIRAL AGENTS 
 
 Applied: Jan 22, 2007 
 
 Ca. 2029(estimated) 
 
 Applications are in various prosecution stages. Nine of these have been issued or validated 
 
 TheraCour Pharma, Inc. [Exclusive License]. 

PCT/US21/39050 SELF-ASSEMBLING AMPHIPHILIC POLYMERS AS
 ANTI-COVID-19 AGENTS 
 
 Applied: June 25, 2021 
 
 Ca. 2043 (estimated) 
 
 PCT Application filed. 

TheraCour Pharma, Inc. [Exclusive License]. 

Page 40 of 121 

We have previously announced certain important
issuances of patents on the TheraCour technology underlying our Nanoviricides drugs. A fundamental patent on the polymeric micelles
composition, structure and uses was issued in the USA with substantially broad claims. This validates the novelty of our approach as well
as our leadership position in the nanomedicines based on polymeric micelle technologies. This patent application has so far been issued,
granted, and/or validated, with substantially similar broad claims as 52 different patents in different countries and multi-country intellectual
property organizations. A fundamental patent on which the nanoviricides technology is based (US Patent No. 8,173,764) for Solubilization
and Targeted Delivery of Drugs with Self-Assembling Amphiphilic Polymers was issued on May 8, 2012. The patent term is expected
to last through October 1, 2028, including anticipated extensions in compensation for time spent in clinical trials. This US Patent
has been allowed with a very broad range of claims to a large number of families of chemical structure compositions, pharmaceutical compositions,
methods of making the same, and uses of the same. The disclosed structures enable self-assembling, biomimetic nanomedicines. NanoViricides, Inc.
holds exclusive, perpetual, worldwide licenses to these technologies for a broad range of antiviral applications and diseases. The other
national and regional counterparts of the international Patent Cooperation Treaty PCT application number PCT/US06/01820,
which was filed in 2006, have issued as a Singapore National Patent Publication, a South African patent, and also as an ARIPO regional
patent, an OAPI regional patent (covering Benin, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Chad, Republic of Congo, Cote d Ivoire,
Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Guinea, Guinea Bissau, Mali, Mauritania, Niger, Senegal, and Togo). It has also issued as a granted patent in
New Zealand, China, Mexico, Japan, Australia, Canada, several countries in Europe, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Israel, Korea, Malaysia,
Philippines, Pakistan, and Vietnam among others. Estimated expiry dates range nominally from 2026 to 2027, prior to accounting for various
extensions available in different regions and countries. Additional issuances are continuing in Europe, and in several other countries
around the world. 

Another fundamental patent application on the
antivirals developed using the polymeric micelles has so far been issued, granted, and/or validated, with substantially broad claims as
well, as 9 different patents. The counterparts of the international PCT application PCT/US2007/001607 have issued as a granted patent
in ARIPO, Australia, China, Japan, Mexico, New Zealand, OAPI, South Africa, and Korea to date. Additional issuances are expected in Europe,
USA, and in several other countries around the world. This patent application teaches antivirals based on the TheraCour polymeric micelle
technologies, their broad structures and compositions of matter, pharmaceutical compositions, methods of making the same, and their uses.
The nominal expiry dates are expected to range from 2027 to 2029. Further patent prosecution in several other regions and countries is
continuing. 

A total of at least, 61 patents have been issued
globally, on the basis of the two international PCT patent families that cover the fundamental aspects of the platform technology we license
from TheraCour. Additional patent grants are expected to continue as the applications progress through prosecution processes. All of the
resulting patents have substantially broad claims. 

These patents have nominal expiry dates in 2026
to 2029. 

The dates can be further extended in several countries
and regions for the additional allowances due to the regulatory burden of drug development processes, or other local considerations, such
as licensing to a local majority held company. Many countries allow up to five years extension for regulatory delays. 

Page 41 of 121 

We intend to file the patent application for HerpeCide
before entering human clinical trials, as we have done for our Coronavirus program. The estimated expiry date for the HerpeCide patents,
if and when issued, would be no earlier than 2042-2047. 

Of the patents and technologies licensed, the
Company believes that it will not be using the intellectual property, compositions of matter, or other aspects described and secured under
the US Patent No. US 6,521,736. The Company believes that this patent describes an inferior technology compared to the technology
in the later patent filings of Dr. Diwan. This patent, the Company believes, discloses prototype materials that served to establish
the proof of principles developed by Dr. Anil Diwan, the Company s President and co-founder, whether such materials were possible
to create and whether such materials would indeed be capable of encapsulation of pharmaceutically relevant compounds. The Company believes
that the new and novel compositions disclosed in the new patent applications, No. PCT/US06/01820, and No. PCT/US2007/001607,
and additional proprietary intellectual property provide the necessary features that enable the development of nanoviricides. The Company
believes that no other published literature materials or existing patents are capable of providing all of the necessary features for this
development, to the best of our knowledge. However, the Company has no knowledge of the extensive active internal developments at a number
of companies in the targeted therapeutics area. 

TheraCour may obtain patents for the compounds
many years before we obtain marketing approval for them. Because patents have a limited life, which may begin to run prior to the commercial
sale of the related product, the commercial value of the patent may be limited. However, we may be able to apply for patent term extensions,
based on delays experienced in marketing products due to regulatory requirements. There is no assurance we would be able to obtain such
extensions. The Company controls the research and work TheraCour performs on its behalf and no costs may be incurred without the prior
authorization or approval of the Company. 

Patents relating to pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical
and biotechnology products, compounds and processes such as those that cover our existing compounds, products and processes and those
that we will likely file in the future, do not always provide complete or adequate protection. Future litigation or reexamination proceedings
regarding the enforcement or validity of our licensor, TheraCour s existing patents or any future patents, could invalidate TheraCour s
patents or substantially reduce their protection. In addition, the pending patent applications and patent applications filed by TheraCour,
may not result in the issuance of any patents or may result in patents that do not provide adequate protection. As a result, we may not
be able to prevent third parties from developing the same compounds and products that we have developed or are developing. In addition,
certain countries do not permit enforcement of these patents, and manufacturers are able to sell generic versions of our products in those
countries. We also rely on unpatented trade secrets and improvements, unpatented internal know-how and technological innovation. In particular,
a great deal of our material manufacturing expertise, which is a key component of our core material technology, is not covered by patents
but is instead protected as a trade secret. We protect these rights mainly through confidentiality agreements with our corporate partners,
employees, consultants and vendors. These agreements provide that all confidential information developed or made known to an individual
during the course of their relationship with us will be kept confidential and will not be used or disclosed to third parties except in
specified circumstances. In the case of employees, the agreements provide that all inventions made by the individual while employed by
us will be our exclusive property. We cannot be certain that these parties will comply with these confidentiality agreements, that we
have adequate remedies for any breach, or that our trade secrets will not otherwise become known or be independently discovered by our
competitors. 

Trademarks 

The Company currently has no registered trademarks. 

Glossary of Terms 

Nano - When used as a prefix for something
other than a unit of measure, as in nanoscience, nano means relating to nanotechnology, or on a scale of nanometers (one
billionth of a meter or greater). 

Viricide - An agent that reliably deactivates
or destroys a virus. 

Page 42 of 121 

Nanoviricide An agent that
is made by attaching ligands against a certain virus or family of viruses to a nanomicelle based on the Company s patent-pending
and proprietary technologies. 

Ligand - A short peptide or chemical molecule
fragment that has been designed to specifically recognize one particular type of virus. 

Micelle - an aggregate of molecules in
a solution, such as those formed by detergents. 

Nanomicelle - A term coined to describe
the micelles formed from the backbone polymer of a nanoviricide sans attached ligands. 

Pendant polymeric micelles - A polymeric
micelle forms from a polymer whose chemical constitution is such that even a single chain of the polymer forms a micelle. A pendant polymer
is a polymer that has certain units in its backbone that extend short chains branched away from the backbone. Pendant Polymeric Micelles
therefore are polymeric micelle materials that are a class of pendant polymers, and naturally form exceptionally well-defined, self-assembling,
globular micelles with a core-shell architecture. 

Mutations - The ability (of a virus) to
change its genetic structure to avoid the body s natural defenses. Mutant viruses are created from a parent virus strain through
a process of natural selection under pressure as it replicates in a host. 

P-Value - In statistical hypothesis testing,
the p-value is the probability of obtaining a result at least as extreme as that obtained, assuming that the null hypothesis is true;
wherein the truth of the null hypothesis states that the finding was the result of chance alone. The fact that p-values are based on this
assumption is crucial to their correct interpretation. The smaller the p-value, the greater is the probability that the observed study
results and the comparison control are distinct, and therefore that the study results are not a result of chance alone. 

More technically, the p-value of an observed value
observed of some random variable T used as a test statistic is the probability that, given that the null hypothesis is true, T will assume
a value as or more unfavorable to the null hypothesis as the observed value observed. More unfavorable to the null hypothesis 
can in some cases mean greater than, in some cases less than and in some cases further away from a specified center value. 

Investigational New Drug Application (Investigational
New Drug IND - The process of licensure of a new drug in the US goes through several steps. A simplified explanation
of these steps is as follows. Initially a Company may file a pre-IND application to seek meetings with the FDA for guidance on work needed
for filing an IND application. The Company obtains data on the safety and effectiveness of the drug substance in various laboratory studies
including cell cultures and animal models. The Company also obtains data on chemical manufacturing of the drug substance. These and certain
additional data are used to create an IND that the Company files with the FDA. After the FDA approves an IND application, the Company
may conduct human clinical studies. A Phase I human clinical trial is designed typically to evaluate safety of the drug and maximum permissible
dosage level. A Phase II human clinical trial that follows is designed to evaluate effectiveness of the drug against the disease in a
small cohort of patients. A Phase III human clinical trial thereafter is designed to evaluate effectiveness and safety in larger groups
of patients, often at multiple sites. The Company may then submit an NDA (New Drug Application) with the data collected in the clinical
trials. The FDA may approve the NDA. Once the NDA is approved, the Company can sell the drug in the USA. European countries have similar
processes under the European Medicines Agency (EMA). Other countries have similar processes. 

SAR: Structure-Activity-Relationship study.
When an initial lead drug compound is found that has activity, further studies on drug compounds obtained by suitably modifying it are
performed with the goal of improving efficacy, safety, or both. Such studies are called SAR studies. 

The Company s Drug Pipeline 

Over the first several years of our operations,
we continued to work on different viruses every year, creating a broad pipeline of drug candidates. This provided a validation for our
novel technologies. In addition, we were pursuing non-dilutive drug development and partnering opportunities such as government grants
and contracts as well as partnering with other non-governmental agencies, or medium and large pharmaceutical companies. 

Page 43 of 121 

We had realized that the current pharmaceutical
industry contract manufacturing operations (CMOs) do not have the expertise in our kinds of nanomedicines. We therefore acquired the cGMP-capable
nanomedicines drug development and manufacturing facility from Inno-Haven LLC in 2014 at cost. Dr. Anil Diwan, our co-founder, had
established Inno-Haven LLC to acquire and develop lab facilities appropriate for his work. On December 31, 2014, the Company entered
into and consummated an Agreement for the Purchase and Sale of this cGMP-compliant pilot manufacturing and lab facility and property located
in Shelton, Connecticut. The purchase price of the facility was comprised solely of the repayment of the direct costs of the seller, Inno-Haven,
LLC incurred in acquiring and renovating the property and the facility plus Inno- Haven s closing costs in connection with the sale. 

We were able to drive our drug development programs
towards regulatory approval processes only after this modern facility for nanomedicines synthesis, characterization, scale-up, and cGMP-like
production became available. The facility became substantially operational at the end of December 2015. Since then, we have engaged
in activities necessary for filing an IND (Investigational New Drug application) with the US FDA or another international regulatory agency
to begin Phase I human clinical trials of our first drug candidate. 

We chose our HerpeCide drug program, and in particular,
skin cream for topical treatment of pathologies caused by herpes simplex viruses as our lead program based on regulatory requirements,
resource requirements, commercial opportunity, ROI maximization opportunities, and other considerations. We had developed certain broad-spectrum
ligands based on molecular modeling for binding to herpes simplex virus and potentially interfere with this virus binding to its
human cell entry receptor, namely HVEM herpes virus entry mediator ). The nanoviricides designed using these ligands have
shown broad-spectrum activity in cell cultures against multiple HSV strains and both HSV-1 and HSV-2. Our early drug candidates have also
shown substantial effectiveness in an animal model of HSV-1 skin disease (for HSV-1 cold sores treatment). Additionally,
we found that the same drug candidates also demonstrated effectiveness against VZV, the cause of shingles in adults and chickenpox in
children. 

This has led to our new strategy for drug development
with the goal of entering our first drug candidate into human clinical trials at the earliest possible timeframe. Table 2 below summarizes
our drug development programs, specific disease indications we plan on developing against, and the priority for each drug in the development
pipeline. 

Table 2. NanoViricides Drug Products in Development 
 
 Program 
 Drug 
 Virus 
 Indication 
 Development 
Stage 
 Priority 
 
 I 
 Human Coronavirus Program 
 1 
 human coronaviruses including SARS-CoV-2 
 COVID-19, Seasonal coronavirus afflictions 
 IND-enabling 
 A 

II 
 HerpeCide Dermal Topical and Eye Drops 
 1a 
 Varicella-Zoster Virus (VZV) 
 Shingles 
 IND-Writing 
 B 
 
 1b 
 PHN 
 Advanced Preclinical 
 D 
 
 1c 
 Chickenpox 
 Advanced Preclinical 
 D 
 
 2a 
 HSV-1 
 Herpes Cold Sores 
 Advanced Preclinical 
 C 
 
 2b 
 Recurrent Herpes Labialis (RHL) 
 Advanced Preclinical 
 D 
 
 3 
 HSV-2 
 Genital Herpes 
 Preclinical 
 C 
 
 4 
 HSV-1, HSV-2 
 Ocular Herpes Keratitis (HK) 
 Preclinical 
 D 
 
 HerpeCide IntraOcular Injection 
 5 
 VZV, HSV-2, HSV-1 
 viral Acute Retinal Necrosis (vARN) 
 Preclinical 
 D 

Page 44 of 121 

III 
 FluCide Broad-Spectrum Anti-Influenza nanoviricide 
 6 
 All Influenza A 
 Injectable FluCide for hospitalized patients 
 
 Advanced Preclinical 
 
 Pre-IND Meeting held with US FDA 
 D 
 
 7 
 All Influenza A 
 Oral Flucide for outpatients 
 
 Advanced Preclinical 
 
 Pre-IND Meeting held with US FDA 
 D 
 
 IV 
 Nanoviricide Eye Drops 
 8 
 Adenoviruses, HSV-1 
 Eye Drops for Viral Diseases of the External Eye 
 Preclinical 
 E 
 
 V 
 DengueCide 
 9 
 Dengue viruses, all types 
 Broad-Spectrum nanoviricide against all types of Dengue viruses 
 Preclinical 
 F 
 
 VI 
 HIVCide 
 10 
 HIV/AIDS 
 Escape-resistant Anti-HIV nanoviricide 
 Preclinical 
 D 
 
 VII 
 Other Nanoviricides Drug Projects 
 - 
 Ebola/Marburg, Rabies, MERS, Others 
 Broad-Spectrum nanoviricide drugs against different viruses and indications 
 R D 
 F 
 
 VIII 
 HerpeCide Program Expansion Drug Projects 
 - 
 Possible 
EBV, HCMV, HHV-6A, HHV-6B, HHV7, KSHV 
 Broad-Spectrum nanoviricide drugs against different herpes viruses for different indications 
 R D 
 F 
 
 IX 
 Long Term Projects 
 - 
 Various 
 Technologies for Cures for Persistent Viral Diseases 
 R D 
 F 

The Company currently is focused on the coronavirus
drug program, and has multiple development candidates, with at least one of them moving towards human clinical studies. In addition, the
Company is developing drug candidates for more than eight different indications in various stages of development in the HerpeCide program
alone. Of these, the skin cream for the topical dermal treatment of shingles rash (VZV) has advanced into IND-enabling GLP Safety/Toxicology
studies, having completed candidate optimization through rapidly performed human skin organ culture assays in Professor Jennifer Moffat's
lab at the SUNY Syracuse Upstate Medical Center. We believe that the Skin Cream for the dermal topical treatment of HSV-1 cold sores and
the skin cream for the dermal topical treatment of HSV-2 genital ulcers are expected to rapidly mature towards human clinical trials in
short succession after the clinical VZV drug candidate, namely NV-HHV-101. We have expanded the HerpeCide program to include additional
indications for which we are developing drugs that are the same as or simple modifications of the existing drug candidates in the HerpeCide
program, generally with a different formulation due to a different delivery pathway. This enables us to maximally leverage current R D
while expanding our drug pipeline and potential market and making a greater impact on patient lives. 

Given the large development costs associated with
FluCide, HIVCide and other drug programs, we believe that these drug candidates will follow later because of the significant development
work that needs to be performed in pre-clinical studies against a number of different influenza virus strains and subtypes. 

Page 45 of 121 

Management s beliefs are based on results
of pre-clinical cell culture studies, ex vivo tissue-based studies (e.g. human skin patch or a culture model), and in vivo 
animal studies using small animals. 

The overall market size addressed by our programs
can be estimated at 20 billion to 40 billion, according to research reports prepared by Jain PharmaBiotech and Nanotech Plus, LLC. Of
this, the market size for a highly effective shingles treatment has been estimated by Nanotech Plus in excess of one billion dollars,
after taking into account the recent introduction of the new Shingrix vaccine (GSK). The overall market size for the HerpeCide program
is estimated at over 5 billion based on published market reports from Jain PharmaBiotech in 2014. 

Drug Development Plan 

We intend to perform the regulatory filings and
own all the regulatory licenses for the drugs it is currently developing. The Company will develop these drugs in part via subcontracts
to TheraCour, the exclusive source for these nanomaterials. With sourcing of materials from TheraCour, the Company prefers to manufacture
these drugs in our own facility. However, the Company may manufacture these drugs under subcontract arrangements with external manufacturers
that carry the appropriate regulatory licenses and have appropriate capabilities. The Company intends to distribute these drugs via subcontracts
with distributor companies or in partnership arrangements. The Company plans to market these drugs either on its own or in conjunction
with marketing partners. The Company also plans to actively pursue co-development, as well as other licensing agreements with other pharmaceutical
companies. Such agreements may entail up-front payments, milestone payments, royalties, and/or cost sharing, profit sharing and many other
instruments that may bring early revenues to the Company. Such licensing and/or co-development agreements may shape the manufacturing
and development options that we may pursue. 

Manufacturing 

Manufacturing of Research Materials 

Nanomaterials that form the basis of our nanoviricide
drugs are produced for research by TheraCour at our facilities in Shelton, Connecticut, under our licensing agreements with TheraCour. 

Manufacturing of Drugs 

We intend to manufacture Injectable Coronavirus
drug candidates and drugs, Dermal Topical anti-VZV anti-HSV-1, anti-HSV-2 candidates and drugs, as well as anti-HSV Eye Drops/Gels, Injectable
and Oral FluCide, HIVCide, DengueCide, RabiCide and other drugs for pre-clinical animal studies and human clinical studies, in facilities
owned by us, through human clinical trials of each of the clinical drug candidates. Our cGMP-capable manufacturing facility in Shelton,
CT has sufficient capacity for supply of the pre-clinical and clinical batches needed for all of our drug candidates as and when they
are anticipated to be needed. The Company may go to a cGMP third party provider for the final fill-and-finish of the clinical drug products
if necessary. 

With recent successes in production scale-up,
we believe that it now has sufficient capacity at the Shelton cGMP-capable manufacturing facility to enable market-entry of our first
drugs upon approval, potentially enabling the Company to build itself into a fully integrated pharmaceutical company FIPCO ),
which could provide substantial shareholder value. We note as a risk factor that there is no guarantee that the Company can take its drug
candidates successfully through clinical trials, and if it does, that it can obtain marketing approval, and if it does, that it can market
the drugs successfully. For our future commercial products, we will need to develop additional manufacturing capabilities and establish
additional third-party suppliers to manufacture sufficient quantities of our product candidates to undertake clinical trials and to manufacture
sufficient quantities of any products that are approved for commercial sale. If we are unable to develop manufacturing capabilities internally
or contract for large scale manufacturing with third parties on acceptable terms for our future antiviral products, our ability to conduct
large-scale clinical trials and meet customer demand for commercial products would be adversely affected. 

Page 46 of 121 

We believe that the technology we use to manufacture
our products and compounds is proprietary. For our products, we may have to disclose all necessary aspects of this technology to contract
manufacturers to enable them to manufacture the products and compounds for us. We plan to have discussions with manufacturers under non-disclosure
and non-compete agreements that are intended to restrict them from using or revealing this technology, but we cannot be certain that these
manufacturers will comply with these restrictions. In addition, these manufacturers could develop their own technology related to the
work they perform for us that we may need to manufacture our products or compounds. We could be required to enter into an agreement with
that manufacturer if we wanted to use that technology ourselves or allow another manufacturer to use that technology. The manufacturer
could refuse to allow us to use their technology or could demand terms to use their technology that are not acceptable. 

We believe that we are in compliance with all
material environmental regulations related to the manufacture of our products. 

Competition 

Our products in development target a number of
diseases and conditions that include several different kinds of viral infections. There are many commercially available products for many
of these diseases and a large number of companies and institutions are spending considerable amounts of money and other resources to develop
additional products to treat these diseases. Most of these companies have substantially greater financial and other resources, larger
research and development staffs, and extensive marketing and manufacturing organizations. When and if we are able to successfully develop
products, they would compete with existing products based primarily on: 

efficacy; 

safety; 

tolerability; 

acceptance by doctors; 

patient compliance; 

patent protection; 

ease of use; 

price; 

insurance and other reimbursement coverage; 

distribution; 

marketing; and 

adaptability to various modes of dosing. 

Several companies are advancing drug candidates
for the management of COVID-19, and many have received EUA. Most of the drug candidates are designed to provide benefits that are not
directly associated with attacking and controlling the virus. Remdesivir, an antiviral drug, has received full approval, but has limited
effectiveness. Merck and Ridgeback are developing an antiviral called molnupiravir, which may have oral use applicable to infected persons
in very early stages of disease. Pfizer is developing several antivirals against coronaviruses. None of these drugs attack the external
circulating virus particles or block the re-infection cycle as NV-CoV-2 is designed to do. Thus, their mode is complementary to NV-CoV-2
and combination therapy with one of these drugs and NV-CoV-2 may yield substantial benefits. We also note that none of these drugs in
development attack the complete lifecycle of the virus as NV-CoV-2-R is designed to do, to the best of our knowledge. 

There are several drugs in the market that
effectively control HSV cold sores and genital herpes lesions in most patients. These include the nucleoside analogues idoxuridine,
vidarabine, acyclovir, famciclovir, ganciclovir, and derivatives. However, their efficacy is limited or toxicities are high.
Brincidofovir, based on the toxic drug cidofovir, is in development by Chimerix, but certain clinical trials involving brincidofovir
have failed to meet the desired end points. Foscarnet is also used for VZV and ARN, but its toxicity is high. FV-100 was in clinical
development against VZV, but these clinical developments appear to have been abandoned. In addition, pritelivir, antibodies, and
some other drugs are in advanced stages of development against HSV-1 or HSV-2. A gamma globulin was recently approved. 

Page 47 of 121 

The prevalence of herpes simplex virus type 1
(HSV-1) and HSV-2 is 47.8 and 11.9 , respectively, for individuals aged 14 to 49 years, and increases with age, in the USA, according
to CDC. HSV-2 causes a more severe disease that also has significant social costs to the patient. In spite of the existing drugs, both
HSV-1 and HSV-2 cause lifelong infection that continues to reactivate at different rates in different patients. Thus, in spite of several
existing drugs that are already generic, the market size for a highly effective drug is estimated to be in tens of billions of dollars
for each of HSV-1 and HSV-2 treatments. 

There are currently no approved drugs for the
treatment of diseases caused by VZV, namely, shingles, PHN, and chickenpox. Valcyclovir or other acyclovir-class drugs are often prescribed
orally but have little effect on shingles. Cidofovir is used in extreme cases of shingles, but it is highly toxic, limiting benefit of
the drug, limiting drug dosage and causing significant side effects. Several pain relievers are being developed to treat shingles pain
and also the PHN pain. Thus, a safe and effective treatment against VZV is an unmet medical need. 

The Company is aware of no approved drugs for
the treatment of viral diseases of the external eye. 

The current approved drugs for influenza include
the neuraminidase inhibitors Tamiflu, Relenza, and Peramivir, anti-influenza drugs that are sold by Roche, Glaxo SmithKline (GSK), and
BioCryst partners, respectively. In addition, M2 channel inhibitors, generic drugs include amantadine and rimantadine, both oral tablets
that only inhibit the replication of the influenza A virus. There is significant viral resistance to the approved M2 channel inhibitors
especially in the US. Several companies are developing anti-influenza drugs at present. Small chemical classes include neuraminidase inhibitors,
M2-channel inhibitors, and RDRP inhibitors, among others. There are also monoclonal, polyclonal, and mixed antibodies, as well as enzymes
as drugs in development. Xofluza, developed by Shionogi Pharma (Japan) is approved in Japan and recently in the USA, licensed by Roche/Genentech.
It is an influenza endonuclease inhibitor. It appears to be substantially more effective than existing drugs in reducing viral load and
viral shedding, but did not have any effect on the length of the influenza disease course. 

There are a growing number of anti-HIV drugs being
sold or in advanced stages of clinical development. Companies with HCV and HIV products include Gilead, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMS),
Roche, Boehringer Ingelheim, Merck Co., Inc. (Merck), in addition to several other pharmaceutical and biotechnology firms. 

Currently there are two accepted methods of rabies
prophylaxis: rabies vaccines and rabies immune globulin, manufactured by many foreign and multinational manufacturers including Aventis
Pasteur and Chiron (acquired by Novartis). These accepted methods would be the standard against which our new anti-rabies drug in development
will be judged. 

In order to compete successfully, we must develop
proprietary positions in patented drugs for therapeutic markets. Our products, even if successfully tested and developed, may not be adopted
by physicians over other products and may not offer economically feasible alternatives to other therapies. 

Government Regulation 

Our operations and activities are subject to extensive
regulation by numerous government authorities in the United States and other countries. In the United States, drugs are subject to rigorous
regulation by the United States Food and Drug Administration FDA ). The Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other federal
and state statutes and regulations govern the testing, manufacture, safety, effectiveness, labeling, storage, record keeping, approval,
advertising and promotion of our products. As a result of these regulations, product development and the product approval process is very
expensive and time consuming. 

Regulation by governmental authorities in the
United States and other countries is a significant factor in our research and development and will be a significant factor in the manufacture
and marketing of our proposed products. The nature and extent to which such regulation applies to us will vary depending on the nature
of any products we may develop. Governmental authorities, including the FDA and comparable regulatory authorities in other countries,
regulate the design, development, testing, manufacturing, safety, efficacy, labeling, storage, record-keeping, advertising, promotion
and marketing of pharmaceutical products, including drugs and biologics, under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FFDCA, and
its implementing regulations, and, for biologics, under the Public Health Service Act, or PHSA, and its implementing regulations. Non-compliance
with applicable requirements can result in fines and other judicially imposed sanctions, including product seizures, import restrictions,
injunctive actions and criminal prosecutions of both companies and individuals. In addition, administrative remedies can involve requests
to recall violative products; the refusal of the government to enter into supply contracts; or the refusal to approve pending product
approval applications until manufacturing or other alleged deficiencies are brought into compliance. The FDA also has the authority to
cause the withdrawal of approval of a marketed product or to impose labeling restrictions. The process of obtaining approvals and the
subsequent compliance with appropriate statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and money, and there can be
no guarantee that approvals will be granted. 

Page 48 of 121 

FDA Approval Process 

The FDA must license a drug before
it can be sold in the United States. Other countries have similar regulatory processes, and most are being harmonized under the ICH guidelines.
As of the date of this filing, the FDA has approved other nano-particulate drugs including Emend by Merck and Rapamune by Wyeth,
as well as others. The general process for FDA approval is as follows: 

Preclinical Testing 

The process required by the FDA before a drug
or biological product may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: 

Completion of preclinical testing of new pharmaceutical or biological products, generally conducted in the laboratory and in animal studies in accordance with GLP standard, and applicable requirements for the humane use of laboratory animals or other applicable regulations to evaluate the potential efficacy and safety of the product candidate; 

Submission of the results of these studies to the FDA as part of an Investigational New Drug application, which must become effective before clinical testing in humans can begin; 

Manufacturing of investigational medicine under cGMP standard; 

Performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials according to GCPs and any additional requirements for the protection of human research patients and their health information, to establish the safety and efficacy of the product candidate for its intended use; 

Submission to the FDA of a new drug application, or NDA, for any new chemical entity drug we seek to market that includes substantive evidence of safety, purity, and potency, or safety and effectiveness from results of nonclinical testing and clinical trials; 

Satisfactory completion of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities where the product is produced, packaged and distributed, to assess compliance with cGMPs, to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the product s identity, strength, quality and purity; 

Potential FDA audit of the nonclinical study and clinical trial sites that generated the data in support of the NDA; and 

FDA review and approval of the NDA. 

Clinical Trials 

If the FDA accepts the investigational new drug
application, we study the drug in human clinical trials to determine if the drug is safe and effective. These clinical trials involve
a time-consuming and costly three-phase process that often overlap, can take many years to compile and are very expensive. These three
phases, which are themselves subject to considerable regulation, are as follows: 

Phase 1. The drug is given to a small number of healthy human subjects or patients to test for safety, dose tolerance, pharmacokinetics, metabolism, distribution and excretion. 

Phase 2. The drug is given to a limited patient population to determine the effect of the drug in treating the disease, the best dose of the drug, and the possible side effects and safety risks of the drug. 

Phase 3. If a compound appears to be effective and safe in Phase 2 clinical trials, Phase 3 clinical trials are commenced to confirm those results. Phase 3 clinical trials are long-term, involve a significantly larger population, are conducted at numerous sites in different geographic regions and are carefully designed to provide reliable and conclusive data regarding the safety and benefits of a drug. It is not uncommon for a drug that appears promising in Phase 2 clinical trials to fail in the more rigorous and reliable Phase 3 clinical trials. 

Page 49 of 121 

If we believe that the data from the Phase 3 clinical
trials show an adequate level of safety and effectiveness, we will file a new drug application (NDA) with the FDA seeking approval to
sell the drug for a particular use. The FDA will review the NDA and often will hold a public hearing where an independent advisory committee
of expert advisors asks additional questions regarding the drug. This committee makes a recommendation to the FDA that is not binding
on the FDA but is generally followed. If the FDA agrees that the compound has met the required level of safety and effectiveness for a
particular use, it will allow us to sell the drug in the United States for that use. It is not unusual, however, for the FDA to reject
an application because it believes that the drug is not safe enough or effective enough or because it does not believe that the data submitted
is reliable or conclusive. 

At any point in this process, the development
of a drug could be stopped for a number of reasons including safety concerns and lack of treatment benefit. We cannot be certain that
any clinical trials that we are currently conducting or any that we conduct in the future, will be completed successfully or within any
specified time period. We may choose, or the FDA may require us, to delay or suspend our clinical trials at any time if it appears that
the patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk or if the drug candidate does not appear to have sufficient treatment benefit. 

The FDA may also require us to complete additional
testing, provide additional data or information, improve our manufacturing processes, procedures or facilities or may require extensive
post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the safety or benefits of our product candidates if it determines that our new drug
application does not contain adequate evidence of the safety and benefits of the drug. In addition, even if the FDA approves a drug, it
could limit the uses of the drug. The FDA can withdraw approvals if it does not believe that we are complying with regulatory standards
or if problems are uncovered or occur after approval. 

United States Review and Approval Process 

After the completion of clinical trials of a product
candidate, FDA approval of a NDA must be obtained before commercial marketing of the product. The NDA must include results of product
development, laboratory and animal studies, human trials, information on the manufacture and composition of the product, proposed labeling
and other relevant information as well as a significant user fee. The FDA may grant deferrals for submission of data, or full or partial
waivers. The testing and approval processes require substantial time and effort and there can be no assurance that the FDA will accept
the NDA for filing and, even if filed, that any approval will be granted on a timely basis, if at all. 

The FDA may refuse to file any NDA that it deems
incomplete or not properly reviewable at the time of submission and may request additional information. Once the submission is accepted
for filing, the FDA reviews the NDA to determine, among other things, whether the proposed product is safe, potent, and/or effective for
its intended use, and has an acceptable purity profile, and whether the product is safe and effective for its intended use, and in each
case, whether the product is being manufactured in accordance with cGMP or GTP, if applicable. During the product approval process, the
FDA also will determine whether a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, is necessary to assure the safe use of the product.
If the FDA concludes a REMS is needed, the sponsor of the NDA must submit a proposed REMS. The FDA will not approve a NDA without a REMS,
if required. 

Notwithstanding the submission of relevant data
and information, the FDA may ultimately decide that the NDA does not satisfy its regulatory criteria for approval and deny approval via
a letter detailing such deficiencies. Data obtained from clinical trials are not always conclusive and the FDA may interpret data differently
than we interpret the same data. If the FDA denies an application, the applicant may either resubmit the NDA, addressing all of the deficiencies
identified by the FDA, or withdraw the application. 

Expedited FDA Review Programs 

The FDA has four expedited program designations
-Fast Track, Breakthrough Therapy, Accelerated Approval, and Priority Review - to facilitate and expedite development and review of new
drugs to address unmet medical needs in the treatment of serious or life-threatening conditions. 

Page 50 of 121 

The Fast Track program that is intended to expedite
or facilitate the process for reviewing new drug products that treat a serious condition and fill an unmet medical need. Fast Track designation
applies to the combination of the product and the specific indication for which it is being studied. In Fast Track, the FDA may consider
for rolling review of sections of the IND on a rolling basis before the complete application is submitted. Once
a drug receives Fast Track designation, early and frequent communication between the FDA and a drug company is encouraged throughout the
entire drug development and review process. The frequency of communication assures that questions and issues are resolved quickly, often
leading to earlier drug approval and access by patients. 

The FDA may also accelerate
the approval of a designated drug through the Breakthrough Therapy designation by expediting
the development and review of drugs that are intended to treat a serious condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the
drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over available therapy on one or more clinically significant endpoints. If the FDA
designates a drug as a breakthrough therapy, the drug is eligible for all Fast Track designation features, i ntensive
guidance on an efficient drug development program, potentially beginning at Phase 1 and organizational commitment involving senior managers
 regarding the development of the drug to ensure that the development program and the design
of the clinical trials is as efficient as practicable. 

The Accelerated Approval designation allows the
FDA to approve a product based on an effect on a surrogate or intermediate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict a product s
clinical benefit and generally requires the manufacturer to conduct required post-approval confirmatory trials to verify the clinical
benefit. 

The Priority Review designation means that the
FDA s goal is to take action on the IND within six months, compared to ten months under standard review. 

Fast Track designation, Priority Review, Accelerated
Approval and Breakthrough Therapy designations do not change the standards for approval but may expedite the development or approval process. 

Orphan Drug Designation 

The Orphan
Drug Act provides granting special status to drugs or biological products for rare diseases and conditions affecting fewer than 200,000
persons. The first developer to receive FDA marketing approval for an orphan drug is entitled to a seven-year exclusive marketing period
in the United States for that product where the FDA will not approve another version of the same product. However, a drug that the FDA
considers to be clinically superior to, or different from, another approved orphan drug, even though for the same indication, may also
obtain approval in the United States during the seven-year exclusive marketing period. In addition, if the holder of the orphan drug designation
cannot assure the availability of sufficient quantities of their orphan drugs to meet the needs of patients, the FDA could also grant
approval to another product. 

United States Post-Approval Requirements 

Any products for which we receive FDA approvals
are subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, record-keeping requirements, reporting of adverse experiences
with the product, providing the FDA with updated safety and efficacy information, product sampling and distribution requirements, and
complying with FDA promotion and advertising requirements, which include, among others, standards for direct-to-consumer advertising,
restrictions on promoting products for uses or in patient populations that are not described in the product s approved uses, known
as off-label use, limitations on industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities and requirements for promotional activities
involving the internet. 

In addition, quality control and
manufacturing procedures must continue to conform to applicable manufacturing requirements after approval to ensure the long-term
stability of the product. We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties for the production of some, or all, clinical and
commercial quantities of our products in accordance with cGMP and GTP regulations, as applicable. Manufacturers and other entities
involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved products are required to register their establishments with the FDA and
certain state agencies and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with
cGMP, GTP and other laws. 

Page 51 of 121 

The FDA also may require post-marketing testing,
known as Phase 4 testing, and surveillance to monitor the effects of an approved product. Discovery of previously unknown problems with
a product or the failure to comply with applicable FDA requirements can have negative consequences, including adverse publicity, judicial
or administrative enforcement, warning letters from the FDA, mandated corrective advertising or communications with doctors, and civil
or criminal penalties, among others. Also, new government requirements, including those resulting from new legislation, may be established,
or the FDA s policies may change, which could delay or prevent regulatory approval of our product candidates under development. 

Foreign Regulatory Review and Approval 

Whether or not FDA approval has been obtained,
approval of a product by comparable regulatory authorities in other countries will be necessary prior to commencement of marketing the
product in such countries. The regulatory authorities in each country may impose their own requirements and may refuse to grant an approval,
or may require additional data before granting it, even though the relevant product has been approved by the FDA or another authority.
As with the FDA, the regulatory authorities in the European Union, China and other developed countries have lengthy approval processes
for pharmaceutical products. The process for gaining approval in particular countries varies, but generally follows a similar sequence
to that described for FDA approval. 

In the European Union, there is a centralized
approval procedure that authorizes marketing of a product in all countries in the European Union (which includes most major countries
in Europe). If this procedure is not used, under a decentralized system, an approval in one country of the European Union can be used
to obtain approval in another country of the European Union under a simplified application process at present. After approval under the
centralized procedure, pricing and reimbursement approvals are also required in most countries. These procedures are undergoing revision
and modification at present. We have never received approval for a product in the European Union to date. 

Other Health Care Laws 

In the event any of proposed products are ever
approved for marketing, we may also be subject to healthcare regulation and enforcement by the federal government and the states and foreign
governments where we may market our product candidates, if approved. These laws include, without limitation, state and federal anti-kickback,
fraud and abuse, false claims, physician sunshine and privacy and security laws and regulations. 

In addition to obtaining FDA approval for each
drug, we obtain FDA approval of the manufacturing facilities for any drug we sell, including those of companies who manufacture our drugs
for us as well as our own and these facilities are subject to periodic inspections by the FDA. The FDA must also approve foreign establishments
that manufacture products to be sold in the United States and these facilities are subject to periodic regulatory inspection. 

We are also subject to other federal, state and
local regulations regarding workplace safety and protection of the environment. We use hazardous materials, chemicals, viruses and various
radioactive compounds in our research and development activities and cannot eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from
these materials. Any misuse or accidents involving these materials could lead to significant litigation, fines and penalties. 

A Note on US FDA Priority Review Vouchers 

The Food and Drug Administration Amendments Act
of September 2007 authorizes the FDA to award a priority review voucher to any company that the FDA has determined is eligible for
priority approval process for a treatment for a neglected tropical disease. The priority review voucher can be traded to another company
in a manner similar to carbon (emissions) credit vouchers. The recipient company can save as much as six months on their drug review process,
and it is anticipated that they would be willing to trade in vouchers with cash benefits to the company developing drugs against neglected
tropical diseases. The regulation became effective as of September 30, 2008. 

Page 52 of 121 

Economists at Duke University, who proposed the
voucher concept in 2006, have calculated that reduction of the FDA approval time from 18 to six months could be worth more than 300 million
to a company with a top-selling drug with a net present value close to 3 billion. At this level, the voucher would be expected to offset
the substantial investment and risk required for discovery and development of a new treatment for a neglected tropical disease. (David
B. Ridley, Henry G. Grabowski and Jeffrey L. Moe, Developing Drugs For Developing Countries , Health Affairs, 25, no. 2 (2006):
313-324; doi: 10.1377/hlthaff.25.2.313; 2006 by Project Hope. and http://blogs.cgdev.org/globalhealth/2007/10/fda_priority_review.php). Some of the PRVs have been sold for as much as 250M or so recently. 

While there is no indication whether NanoViricides, Inc.
can obtain priority review vouchers for its drugs against neglected tropical diseases, the high efficacies of our drug candidates lead
us to believe that this may be possible. FDA awards priority review status on the basis of several criteria. NanoViricides, Inc.
is currently working on several neglected tropical diseases, including Dengue fever viruses, rabies, Ebola/Marburg viruses, among others.
Of these, Dengue viruses are explicitly included in the list under this Public Law, and the remaining viruses are eligible for similar
treatment according to the language in the Public Law, at the discretion of the Secretary of Health (Food and Drug Administration Amendments
Act of 2007, P.L. 110 85, Sept. 27, 2007, http://www.fda.gov/oc/initiatives/fdaaa/PL110-85.pdf ). The Zika virus was added
to this list recently. 

Time Schedules, Milestones and Development
Costs 

In the ensuing fiscal year, we hope to meet several
important milestones towards establishing human proof-of-concept for the nanoviricides platform: 

Complete IND-enabling studies for a coronavirus clinical drug candidate. 

File an IND for coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 treatment for Phase I and Phase II human clinical trials. 

Potentially achieve an emergency use authorization for our SARS-CoV-2 clinical drug candidate. 

If the COVID-19 pandemic recedes and allows us to reengage human clinical
trials for the shingles treatment program, we intend to: 

Finalize human clinical trials designs for Phase I and Phase II trials for NV-HHV-101 for topical treatment of shingles rash. 

Engage a contract Clinical Research Organization for conducting the human clinical trials for shingles. 

Submit an IND-application to the US FDA, or an appropriate international regulatory agency for shingles. 

Initiate and conduct Phase I human clinical trials, to determine safety and tolerability of NV-HHV-101 in human subjects. 

If possible, initiate Phase II human clinical trials to determine effectiveness of NV-HHV-101 in controlling shingles rash and to study the effectiveness of NV-HHV-101 regarding shingles pain. 

All of these studies are dependent on external
collaborators providing available time slots for us. Thus, there can be delays in achieving the milestones that are beyond the Company's
control. 

Management believes it has sufficient financing
to pursue at least one of its drug candidates through initial human clinical trials based on recent financings. There is no assurance
that the Company will be successful in obtaining sufficient financing on terms acceptable to the Company to fund complete drug development
through approval. The Company cannot provide assurance that its plans will not change or that changed circumstances will not result in
the depletion of its capital resources more rapidly than it currently anticipates. We have estimated approximately 500,000 for initiation
of Phase I clinical trials. The total cost of Phase I and Phase IIa trials could be significantly more. We may need to raise additional
funds to support continued program development through Phase II and Phase III studies at least and revenue realization. 

In addition to the coronavirus and shingles program
milestones listed above, we plan to continue to advance the HSV-1 and HSV-2 skin cream drug candidates towards IND-enabling studies. Additional
HerpeCide drug indications (See Table 2) will be advanced as opportunities become available, depending upon available resources (fiscal
and manpower). We plan on continuing the work in the FluCide program albeit at a slow rate, with a view towards obtaining a drug development
partnership or other external sources of funding for this program. We plan on continuing internal development of the HIVCide program at
a slow rate. Other programs are currently heavily deprioritized and will be further developed if appropriate opportunities present themselves. 

Page 53 of 121 

Drug Development Status 

The Company has limited experience with pharmaceutical
drug development. Thus, our budget estimates are not based on experience, but rather based on advice given by our associates and consultants.
As such these budget estimates may not be accurate. In addition, the actual work to be performed is not known at this time, other than
a broad outline, as is normal with any scientific work. As further work is performed, additional work may become necessary or change in
plans or workload may occur. Such changes may have an adverse impact on our estimated budget. Such changes may also have an adverse impact
on our projected timeline of drug development. 

The work-plan we have developed for the next twelve
months is expected to enable us to file an investigational new drug application (IND) for the coronavirus drug program and, provided that
our clinical plan is approved by the regulatory agency, to begin Phase1/2a human clinical trials. Given our dependence on external collaborators
for the studies and study reports, we cannot provide time estimates. Our work-plan is extremely dependent on external factors, collaborations,
and unanticipated delays can occur. We are experiencing extreme staffing constraints as well as facility and resources constraints. We
note as a risk factor that these resource constraints may cause further delays in our estimated timelines. 

We have taken on the most important risk in nanomedicines,
that of enabling cGMP manufacture, with consistent product from batch to batch, head on so to speak. Having established critical
quality parameters in our manufacturing processes ahead of cGMP scale-up, we believe that we have minimized the risk related to manufacturing
capabilities. 

During the scale up and optimization of our production
level operations, we continue to work on a number of different polymer backbones nanomicelles and several antiviral ligands
in order to make sure that different formulation and pharmacokinetic-pharmacodynamic (PK-PD) needs can be met during the PK-PD programs
for our various drug candidates. While this loads up our initial activities, it is expected to minimize the risk for further drug development
towards IND or regulatory filings by making available backup drug candidates with different PK-PD profiles. 

This work-plan is expected to reduce certain risks
of drug development. We believe that this coming year s work-plan will lead us to obtain certain information about the safety and
efficacy of our anti-coronavirus drug candidates in animal models in IND-enabling GLP Safety/Toxicology studies. We believe these data
will enable us to file an IND application under the expedited FDA regulatory processes. We believe that in the coming fiscal year we will
be able to perform Phase I/IIa human clinical trials and obtain valuable information on the safety and tolerability of our anti-coronavirus
clinical drug candidate in humans, towards the goal of obtaining emergency use approval. If our studies are not successful, we will have
to develop additional drug candidates and perform further studies, or further advance our other programs, for example VZV, HSV-1 or HSV-2
drug candidates, into human clinical trials. If our studies are successful, we would be more confident in further developing our Coronavirus,
HerpeCide as well as other program drug candidates and may be in a position to re-engage our highly valuable drug programs including HIVCide
and FluCide. 

Management intends to use equity-based and debt
financing, as required, to fund the Company s operations and to raise additional capital for conducting human clinical trials as
we advance our pipeline towards IND stage. Management also intends to pursue non-diluting funding sources such as government grants and
contracts as well as licensing agreements with other pharmaceutical companies. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able
to obtain the additional financial resources necessary to fund its anticipated obligations over the next year. 

The Company is considered to be a development
stage company and will continue in the development stage until generating revenues from the sales of its products or services. 

Our Collaborations and Service Contract Agreements 

Our development model is to employ collaborations
and service contract relationships with renowned academic labs, government labs, as well as service contracts with external service providers
in order to minimize our capital requirements. 

Page 54 of 121 

All of our agreements provide for the evaluation
of Nanoviricides substances created and provided by the Company to the Laboratory (or Collaborator). In general, the Laboratory is
compensated for certain material and personnel costs for these evaluations. The evaluations involve in vitro and in vivo scientific studies
at the Laboratory using their established protocols. In some cases, the Company provides scientific input regarding certain modifications
to their protocols as may be needed. The Laboratory returns the results and data to the Company. The Laboratory is allowed to publish
the results after allowing time for the Company to protect intellectual property (IP) as needed. The Company sends nanoviricides as well
as positive control (i.e. known therapeutics) and negative control (i.e. known not to work) compounds as needed in a fully formulated,
ready to use form, to the Laboratory. All IP related to the nanoviricide materials, their formulations and reformulations, and their usage,
rests with the Company. Any IP developed by the Laboratory regarding their own know-how, such as laboratory tests and protocols, their
modifications, etc. rests with the Laboratory. Joint inventions are treated as per applicable US Laws. 

The Company tries to choose the scientific laboratories
with the most appropriate facilities and know-how relating to a particular field for the evaluation of an antiviral agent developed by
the Company. The Company also tries to work with more than one laboratory for the evaluation of an antiviral agent developed by the Company.
The Company also tries to work with more than one laboratory for a given group of viruses whenever possible. We seek to improve confidence
by obtaining independent datasets for corroboration of the efficacy and safety of the nanoviricides we develop. In addition, the Company
tries to minimize dependence on a particular Laboratory for the development of any specific drug candidate in our product pipeline. 

To date, the Company has engaged in GLP and non-GLP
Efficacy and Safety evaluations in both in vitro (cell culture models) and in vivo (animal models) of our different nanoviricides 
research materials and drug candidates at different laboratories. 

Our current relationships are summarized below: 

For Coronavirus Infections: 

1. 
 AR Biosystems, Odessa, FL. (for Non-GLP Safety and Animal Efficacy Studies). 

2. 
 Calvert Labs, Scott Township, PA. (for GLP Safety Toxicology Studies). 

For Herpes Virus Infections, Shingles, and for
Viral Diseases of the Eye (Adenoviruses, Herpesviruses - Epidemic Kerato-conjunctivitis (EKC), Herpes Keratitis, viral Acute Retinal Necrosis
(vARN)): 

1. 
 The Moffat Lab at SUNY Upstate Medical Center, Syracuse, NY. 

2. 
 The CORL at the University of Wisconsin, Madison, WI 

For Influenza Viruses: 

1. 
 The Webster Lab at St Jude Children s Hospital, TN 

For IND-enabling non-GLP and cGLP Safety/Toxicology
Studies: 

1. 
 AR Biosystems, Inc., Odessa, FL (non-GLP studies) 

2. 
 Bio-Analytical Services, Inc., MI, BASi IND-Enabling non-GLP and GLP Tox Package studies 

For Regulatory Pathway and Business Development: 

We have retained independent consultants with
extensive knowledge of FDA requirements and FDA processes, to help us with the Chemistry, Manufacture and Controls, Non-clinical Studies,
Human Clinical Studies Design, as well as eCTD submission of an IND. 

Page 55 of 121 

Consulting Agreement with Bio-Ensemble, LLC,
NJ (BEL) 

In September 2017, we signed a consulting
agreement with BEL and its Principal, Dr. Carolyn Myers. The scope is evaluation of the business opportunity for VZV virus field
of drug development, and structuring new license agreements with TheraCour keeping in mind the express intent of the Company of sublicensing
its drug candidates to other Mid Pharma and Big Pharma partners. Dr. Myers is a pharma industry veteran with over 25 years of experience
in business development. Her experience spans from leading roles in small to big pharma in business development, obtaining partnering
opportunities and performing deals from startups and small pharma side, to evaluating hundreds of technology and licensing proposals and
performing partnering, collaboration, and outright purchase deals from the big pharma side. 

Safety/Toxicology Studies Agreement with Bio-Analytical
Services, Inc. (BASi), MI 

In September 2014, we signed an agreement
with BASi. BASi has performed our IND-enabling Safety/Toxicology studies for NV-HHV-101, our skin cream for shingles rash treatment. BASi
will also perform the safety toxicology studies for the anti-herpes nanoviricide drug candidates in our HerpeCide program. We have
signed a Master Services Agreement with Bio-Analytical Services, Inc., MI, BASi to perform cGLP and GLP-like safety
and toxicological studies that are necessary for filing an IND for each of our drugs. 

AR Biosystems, Inc., Odessa, FL 

We do not have a Master Services Agreement with
AR Bio. From time to time, we discuss certain non-GLP studies, and if suitable, engage this CRO as needed. 

VZV (HHV-3) Nanoviricides Efficacy Evaluation
Agreement with the Moffat Lab at the SUNY Upstate Medical Center, Syracuse, NY. 

In October 2016, we entered into an agreement
with SUNY Upstate Medical University for the testing of its nanoviricides drug candidates against varicella zoster virus, i.e. the
shingles virus. The research will be performed in the laboratory of Dr. Jennifer Moffat and will include in vitro , ex vivo
 and possibly in vivo studies. Dr. Moffat has extensive experience in VZV infection and antiviral agent discovery. The
goal of these studies is to help select a clinical drug development candidate for toxicology and safety evaluation intended for clinical
trials for the treatment of shingles in humans. 

VZV is restricted to human tissue and only infects
and replicates in human tissue. The in vitro studies will evaluate the effectiveness of the Company s nanoviricides antiviral
agents against VZV infection of certain human cells in culture. 

The ex vivo studies will evaluate the efficacy
of the Company s nanoviricides to inhibit VZV in human skin organ cultures. Dr. Moffat has developed the human skin organ culture
VZV infection model for the evaluation of therapeutics. This model is a good representative model of natural VZV infection in humans as
well as an important model for evaluating antiviral activity, because it demonstrates behavior similar to the skin lesions caused by VZV
in human patients. 

Dr. Moffat is an internationally recognized
expert on varicella zoster virus, and her research has focused on the pathogenesis and treatment of infection by this virus. The National
Institutes of Health has recognized this VZV model via a contract with Dr. Moffat s lab for evaluating antiviral compounds
against VZV. Dr. Moffat is the director of two research core facilities at SUNY Upstate: the Center for Humanized Mouse Models and
 In vivo Imaging. 

The Company has established a direct relationship
with the Moffat lab, without NIH as an intermediary. 

Page 56 of 121 

On July 10, 2017, the Company announced the
results of successful initial testing of our anti-herpes drug candidates in the ex vivo human skin patch organ culture SOC model performed by Dr. Moffat. 

The anti-shingles nanoviricides drug candidates
achieved dramatic reduction in infection of human skin by the VZV, the shingles virus in this study. These findings corroborate the previously
reported findings of inhibition of VZV infection of human cells in culture. The antiviral effect of certain nanoviricide drug candidates
was substantially greater than the effect of the standard positive control of cidofovir added into media. Even more remarkably, the effect
of these nanoviricides drug candidates was equivalent to a topical formulation of 1 cidofovir applied directly onto the skin patch. A
topical skin cream containing 2 cidofovir is clinically used in very severe cases of shingles. However, the cytotoxicity of cidofovir
is known to cause ulceration of the skin to which it is applied, followed by natural wound healing. 

We have continued our work with the Moffat Lab,
initially for optimization of the drug candidates and chemistries, and recently, driving towards clinical drug candidate selection. 

With these results that corroborate findings in
cell culture studies in both our lab and Dr. Moffat s Lab, we believe that the anti-shingles topical drug candidate is worthy
of advancing into further IND-enabling pre-clinical development i.e. safety/toxicology studies. 

We believe that the VZV drug candidate program
is now our most advanced program to advance into Safety/Toxicology studies that are needed for an IND filing and human clinical trials. 

HSV-1 and HSV-2 Nanoviricides Efficacy Evaluation
Agreement with the Collaborative Ophthalmic Research Laboratories (CORL) at the University of Wisconsin, Madison, WI. 

In January 2016, we signed an agreement with
CORL. Under this agreement, CORL will perform evaluation of efficacy of our nanoviricides drug candidates in cell culture assays as well
as in small animal studies towards the goal of filing an IND application for ocular Herpes Keratitis, and possibly for Recurrent Herpes
Labialis (RHL, cold sores ). 

This agreement has been extended to include drug
and research material efficacy evaluation studies in animal models of viral Acute Retinal Necrosis (vARN), and in animal models of HSV-2
genital ulcer. The studies will be performed in the laboratory of Dr. Curtis Brandt, an expert in herpes simplex virus infections
and in evaluating anti-viral agents. 

Page 57 of 121 

Anti-Influenza Drug Development Agreement with
the Webster Lab at St Jude Children s Hospital, Memphis, TN 

In May 2016, we signed an agreement with
the Webster Lab at St. Jude Children s Hospital. Under this Agreement, the Webster Lab will evaluate nanoviricide drug candidates
in cell culture studies against a large number of Influenza viruses to optimize the efficacy and broad-spectrum for a clinical development
candidate. Variations on the previously selected ligand in NV-INF-1 and NV-INF-2 will be performed if necessary. 

The testing of these candidates for anti-influenza
activity will be performed in the laboratory of Dr. Elena Govorkova in collaboration with Dr. Robert G. Webster and will include
both in vitro and in vivo studies. They have extensive experience in influenza virus infections with a large number of different
influenza strains, and in anti-viral agents discovery. The overall objective of these studies will be to help select clinical drug development
candidates for the treatment of influenza virus in humans, using both the injectable and oral administration routes. Injectable administration
is preferable for hospitalized patients that are extremely sick, while oral administration is preferred for outpatients. 

The most optimal candidate will then be evaluated
against a wide variety of Influenza viruses in small animal efficacy studies with a goal of obtaining data for an IND submission for Injectable
FluCide drug candidate for severely ill hospitalized patients, and also for Oral FluCide drug candidate for outpatients with Influenza. 

The Influenza program has been relegated to lower
priority levels due to (a) our belief that the topical drug candidates in the HerpeCide program would reach the clinic faster and
would also have much more rapid clinical development pathway than FluCide, (b) the rapid expansion in breadth of the HerpeCide program
pipeline that has occurred due to efficacy of closely related drug candidates against different viruses in the Herpes family and against
different indications, and (c) extreme resource constraints in terms of both available skilled manpower and available financing for
driving our programs. 

Page 58 of 121 

Nevertheless, we believe that FluCide has strong
market potential, and therefore we are keeping this program active albeit with limited resource allocation, which has slowed down the
program significantly. 

Master Services Agreement, dated August 31,
2009, by and between Southern Research Institute Southern and NanoViricides, Inc. 

The term of this agreement was three years from
its execution. The Company agrees to supply necessary quantities of its products in order for Southern to complete specific studies as
to the efficacy and safety of the Company s compounds. The Company shall pay charges associated with each task order and provide
payment in the amount and as indicated therein. Under this agreement, Southern will estimate the work load and invoices for additional
task orders, subject to the Company s agreement on costs. 

The Company s anti-HIV drug testing in cell
cultures is performed at the Southern Research Institute in Frederick, MD. 

Related
Parties 

TheraCour Pharma, Inc. 

Pursuant to an Exclusive License Agreement we
entered into with TheraCour, the Company was granted exclusive licenses for technologies developed by TheraCour for the virus types: Human
Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV/AIDS), Influenza including Asian Bird Flu Virus, Herpes Simplex Virus (HSV-1 and HSV-2), Hepatitis C
Virus (HCV), Hepatitis B Virus (HBV), and Rabies. The Company has entered into an Additional License Agreement with TheraCour granting
the Company the exclusive licenses for technologies developed by TheraCour for the additional virus types for Dengue viruses, Japanese
Encephalitis virus, West Nile Virus, Viruses causing viral Conjunctivitis (a disease of the eye) and Ocular Herpes, and Ebola/Marburg
viruses. 

On November 1, 2019, the Company entered
into an Agreement with TheraCour for an exclusive, worldwide license to use, promote, offer for sale, import, export, sell and distribute
products for the treatment of VZV derived indications. The Company was not required to make any upfront payments to TheraCour and agreed
to milestone payments to TheraCour. 

On September 9, 2021 the Company entered
into an Agreement with TheraCour for an exclusive, worldwide license to use, promote, offer for sale, import, export, sell and
distribute products for the treatment of human Coronavirus derived indications. The Company was not required to make any upfront
cash payments to TheraCour and agreed to milestone payments to TheraCour. 

TheraCour has not denied any licenses sought by
the Company in the past. 

In consideration for obtaining these exclusive
licenses, we agreed: (1) that TheraCour can charge its costs (direct and indirect) plus no more than 30 of a specified portion of
certain direct costs as a Development Fee and such development fees shall be due and payable in periodic installments as billed; (2) the
greater of 2,000 or actual costs monthly, whichever is higher, for other general and administrative expenses incurred by TheraCour on
our behalf; (3) make royalty payments (calculated as a percentage of net sales of the licensed drugs) of 15 to TheraCour; (4) TheraCour
retains the exclusive right to develop and manufacture the licensed drugs. TheraCour will manufacture the licensed drugs exclusively for
NanoViricides, and unless such license is terminated, will not manufacture such product for its own sake or for others; and (5) TheraCour
may request and NanoViricides, Inc. will pay an advance payment (refundable) equal to twice the amount of the previous month s
invoice to be applied as a prepayment towards expenses. TheraCour may terminate the license upon a material breach by us as specified
in the agreement. However, we may avoid such termination if within 90 days of receipt of such termination notice we cure the breach. 

Development costs and other costs charged by TheraCour
for the years ended June 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 were 2,803,827, 2,158,034, and 3,119,863, respectively. At June 30, 2021,
 31,539 was due to TheraCour. 

No royalties are due TheraCour from the Company s
inception through June 30, 2021. 

Page 59 of 121 

TheraCour is affiliated with the Company through
Dr. Anil Diwan, President, who is a director of the corporation, and owns approximately 90 of the capital stock of TheraCour, which
itself owns approximately 4.1 of the common stock of the Company at June 30, 2021 

TheraCour owns 470,959 shares of the Company s
outstanding common stock and 200,000 shares of the Company s Series A preferred stock at June 30, 2021. 

Employees 

As of September 30, 2021, the Company had approximately
seventeen employees, including those at TheraCour. In addition, most of the business activities of the Company including accounting and
legal work and business development are provided by subcontractors and consultants. Further, the Company has subcontracted nanomaterials
research and development R D to TheraCour under the license agreement with TheraCour. TheraCour currently has a staff
of approximately ten, most of who are scientists with PhD or advanced degrees and experience. The Company has subcontracted its animal
studies to various contract research organizations, government institutes, academic labs, and private institutions. In the future, the
Company anticipates having additional service providers. We believe that we have good relations with our employees and subcontractors. 

Reports to Security Holders 

As of November 2006, upon filing of its Form 10-SB
and listing on the FINRA OTC Bulletin Board, the Company became subject to the reporting obligations of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These obligations include filing an annual report under cover of Form 10-K, with
audited financial statements, unaudited quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and the requisite proxy statements with regard to annual shareholder
meetings. The public may read and copy any materials the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission at the Commission s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation
of the Public Reference Room by calling the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0030. The Commission maintains an Internet site www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the Commission.
Information about the Company is also available on its Web site at www.nanoviricides.com . Information included on the Web site
is not part of this Form 10-K. 

Further, the Company s common stock has
been listed on the NYSE MKT (a US national exchange) since September 25, 2013. The NYSE-American Exchange requires additional corporate
governance, financial and reporting requirements. NYSE MKT has changed its name to NYSE American in July 2017. 

The Company is fully compliant with the requirements
of the NYSE-American regarding requirements for independent board members and board committee compositions. 

Website 

Our website address is www.nanoviricides.com . 

We intend to make available through our website,
all of our filings with the Commission and all amendments to these reports as soon as reasonably practicable after filing, by providing
a hyperlink to the EDGAR website containing our reports. 

Our Contact Information 

Our principal executive offices are currently
located at 1 Controls Drive, Shelton, Connecticut 06484 and our telephone number is (203) 937-6137 (voice mail). We can be contacted by
email at info@nanoviricides.com . 

Description of Property 

The Company s principal executive offices are located at 1 Controls
Drive, Shelton, CT, and include approximately 18,000 square feet of office, laboratory, and cGMP-capable drug manufacturing space. These
facilities are fully owned by the Company. 

Page 60 of 121 

We subcontract the laboratory research and development
work to TheraCour, under the License Agreement with TheraCour. Management believes that the space is sufficient for the Company to monitor
the developmental progress at its subcontractors. 

Legal Proceedings 

From time to time, we are a party to legal proceedings
arising in the ordinary course of business. We are not currently a party to any other legal proceedings that we believe could have a material
adverse effect on financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Our business, financial condition, operating results
and prospects are subject to the following risks. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently foreseeable to us may also impair our
business operations. If any of the following risks or the risks described elsewhere in this report actually occurs, our business, financial
condition or operating results could be materially adversely affected. In such case, the trading price of our common stock could decline,
and our stockholders may lose all or part of their investment in the shares of our common stock. 

This Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements
that involve risks and uncertainties. These statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as believes, 
 expects, intends, plans, may, will, should, predict 
or anticipation or the negative thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology. Actual results could differ
materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including those set forth below and
elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

Summary of Risk Factors 

Our business is subject to numerous risks and
uncertainties that you should consider before investing in our common stock. Some of the principal risk factors that make an investment
in the Company speculative or risky are summarized as follows: 

The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected our business and
its continued impact is unknown and difficult to predict. 

Our company is in the developmental stage and has no products
approved for commercial sale, no generated revenue, and may never achieve profitability. 

The Company will need to raise substantial additional capital
in the future to fund operations. 

Due to the nature of the process involved in the development
process of pharmaceuticals, the Company can provide no assurance of the successful and timely development of new drugs. 

The Company must comply with significant and complex government
regulations, which may delay or prevent the commercialization of drug candidates. 

The Company can provide no assurance that drug candidates will
obtain regulatory approval or that the results of clinical studies will be favorable. 

In the event that regulatory approvals are obtained, drug candidates
will be subject to regulatory review. Failing to comply with U.S. and foreign regulations could result in loss of approvals to market
such drugs and would harm the business. 

Development of drug candidates requires significant research
and development, which will lead to significant research and development costs. 

The Company will be unable to proceed with its business plan
without obtaining additional financing. 

The Company has limited experience in conducting or supervising
clinical trials and must outsource clinical trials. Additionally, we lack suitable facilities for clinical testing which leads to a reliance
on third parties. 

The Company may be unable to attract or retain and motivate
skilled personnel which will delay product development programs and research and development efforts. 

The Company has no sales or marketing personnel. 

The Company s collaborative relationships with third parties
could cause the Company to expend significant resources and incur substantial business risk with no assurance of financial return. 

The Company may be liable for damages caused by biological and
hazardous material. 

The Company depends on senior management and their loss or unavailability
could put the Company at a competitive disadvantage. 

There exist conflicts of interest among officers, directors
and stockholders. 

Risks relating to dependence on U.S. government contracts. 

Company common stock may be considered penny stock . 

Management of the Company has identified a material weakness in internal controls that if not remediated could result in material misstatements in our financial statements. 

These and other material risks we face are described more fully herein
which investors should carefully review prior to making an investment decision with respect to the Company or its securities, 

Risk Related to the COVID-19 Pandemic 

The recent COVID-19 pandemic may adversely affect our business,
and ability to file timely and accurate financial information. 

While the complete impact
on our business from the recent outbreak of the COVID-19 coronavirus is unknown at this time and difficult to predict, various aspects
of our business are being adversely affected by it and may continue to be adversely affected. 

COVID-19 has been declared
a pandemic by the World Health Organization, has been declared a National Emergency by the United States Government and has resulted in
several states being designated disaster zones. COVID-19 coronavirus caused significant volatility in global markets, including the market
price of our securities. The spread of COVID-19 coronavirus has caused public health officials to recommend precautions to mitigate the
spread of the virus, especially as to travel and congregating in large numbers. In addition, certain states and municipalities have enacted,
and additional cities are considering, quarantining and shelter-in-place regulations which severely limit the ability of people
to move and travel, and require non-essential businesses and organizations to close. 

Thus far, these restrictions
have adversely affected our results of operations and financial condition. A significant portion of our business, financial and governance
operations are contracted with certain independent contractors and third-parties currently subject to lock-down orders or
 shelter in place recommendations related to the national health crisis created by the COVID-19 pandemic, including key people
responsible for assisting us in the preparation of our financial statements. 

Page 61 of 121 

Risks Specific to Our Business 

Our company is a development stage company
that has no products approved for commercial sale, never generated any revenues and may never achieve revenues or profitability. 

Our company is a development
stage company that has no products approved for commercial sale, never generated any revenues and may never achieve revenues or profitability.
Currently, we have no products approved for commercial sale and, to date, we have not generated any revenues. Our ability to generate
revenue depends heavily on: 

demonstration and proof of principle in pre-clinical trials that a nanoviricide is safe and effective; 

successful development of our first product candidate in our pipeline; 

our ability to seek and obtain regulatory approvals, including with respect to the indications we are seeking; 

the successful commercialization of our product candidates; and 

market acceptance of our products. 

All of our existing product
candidates are in early stages of development. It will be several years, if ever, until we have a commercial drug product available for
resale. If we do not successfully develop and commercialize these products, we will not achieve revenues or profitability in the foreseeable
future, if at all. If we are unable to generate revenues or achieve profitability, we may be unable to continue our operations. 

Page 62 of 121 

We are a development stage
company with a limited operating history, making it difficult for you to evaluate our business and your investment. We are in the development
stage and our operations and the development of our proposed products are subject to all of the risks inherent in the establishment of
a new business enterprise, including but not limited to: 

the absence of an operating history; 

the lack of commercialized products; 

insufficient capital; 

expected substantial and continual losses for the foreseeable future; 

limited experience in dealing with regulatory issues; the lack of manufacturing experience and limited marketing experience; 

an expected reliance on third parties for the development and commercialization of our proposed products; 

a competitive environment characterized by numerous, well-established and well capitalized competitors; 

reliance on key personnel; 

Because we are subject to these risks, you
may have a difficult time evaluating our business and your investment in our company. 

Our ability to become profitable
depends primarily on the following factors: 

our ability to develop drugs, obtain approval for such drugs, and if approved, to successfully commercialize our nanoviricide drug(s); 

our R D efforts, including the timing and cost of clinical trials; and 

our ability to enter into favorable alliances with third parties who can provide substantial capabilities in clinical development, regulatory affairs, sales, marketing and distribution. 

Even if we successfully develop and market
our drug candidates, we may not generate sufficient or sustainable revenue to achieve or sustain profitability. 

We have incurred significant
operating losses and may not ever be profitable. As of June 30 2021, we had a cash and cash equivalent balance of 20,516,677. Also,
we have incurred significant operating losses since its inception, resulting in an accumulated deficit of 114,385,313 at June 30,
2021. Such losses are expected to continue for the foreseeable future. 

We will need to raise substantial additional
capital in the future to fund our operations and we may be unable to raise such funds when needed and on acceptable terms. 

While we believe we will
be able to raise sufficient cash in the capital markets, to be able to take at least one of our drug candidates into initial human
clinical trials, we currently do not have sufficient resources to complete the development, clinical trials, and commercialization
of any of our proposed products. Management is actively exploring additional required funding through debt or equity financing
pursuant to its plan. There is no assurance that the Company will be successful in obtaining sufficient financing on terms
acceptable to the Company to fund continuing operations. Management believes that as a result of the management plan, the
Company s existing resources and access to the capital markets will permit the Company to fund planned operations and
expenditures. However, the Company cannot provide assurance that its plans will not change or that changed circumstances will not
result in the depletion of its capital resources more rapidly than it currently anticipates. 

Page 63 of 121 

In the event that we cannot
obtain acceptable financing, or that we are unable to secure additional financing on acceptable terms, we would be unable to complete
development of our various drug candidates. This would necessitate implementing staff reductions and operational adjustments that would
include reductions in the following business areas: 

research and development programs; 

preclinical studies and clinical trials; material characterization studies, regulatory processes; 

a search for third party marketing partners to market our products for us. 

The amount of capital we may need will depend
on many factors, including the: 

progress, timing and scope of our research and development programs; 

progress, timing and scope of our preclinical studies and clinical trials; 

time and cost necessary to obtain regulatory approvals; 

time and cost necessary to establish our own marketing capabilities or to seek marketing partners; 

time and cost necessary to respond to technological and market developments; 

changes made or new developments in our existing collaborative, licensing and other commercial relationships; and 

new collaborative, licensing and other commercial relationships that we may establish. 

Our fixed expenses, such as
real estate taxes and facility and equipment maintenance, rent, and other contractual commitments, may increase in the future, as we may: 

enter into leases for new facilities and capital equipment; 

enter into additional licenses and collaborative agreements; and 

incur additional expenses associated with being a public company. 

We have limited experience in drug development,
have not yet conducted any clinical trials and may not be able to successfully develop any drugs. 

Until the formation of NanoViricide, Inc.
(the Company s predecessor prior to the reverse merger in 2005) our management and key personnel had no experience in pharmaceutical
drug development and, consequently, may not be able to successfully develop any drugs. To date, we have engaged only in pre-clinical activities
and have not yet conducted any clinical trials. Our ability to achieve revenues and profitability in our business will depend, among other
things, on our ability to: 

Page 64 of 121 

develop products internally or obtain rights to them from others on favorable terms; 

complete laboratory testing and human studies; 

obtain and maintain necessary intellectual property rights to our products; 

successfully complete regulatory review to obtain requisite governmental agency approvals; 

enter into arrangements with third parties to manufacture our products on our behalf; and 

enter into arrangements with third parties to provide sales and marketing functions. 

Development of pharmaceutical products is
a time-consuming process, subject to a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control. Consequently, we can provide no assurance
of the successful and timely development of new drugs. 

Our drug candidates are in
their developmental stage. Further development and extensive testing will be required to determine their technical feasibility and commercial
viability. Our success will depend on our ability to achieve scientific and technological advances and to translate such advances into
reliable, commercially competitive drugs on a timely basis. Drugs that we may develop are not likely to be commercially available for
a few years. The proposed development schedules for our drug candidates may be affected by a variety of factors, including technological
difficulties, proprietary technology of others, and changes in government regulation, many of which will not be within our control. Any
delay in the development, introduction or marketing of our drug candidates could result either in such drugs being marketed at a time
when their cost and performance characteristics would not be competitive in the marketplace or in the shortening of their commercial lives.
In light of the long-term nature of our projects, the unproven technology involved and the other factors described elsewhere in Risk
Factors , we may not be able to complete successfully the development or marketing of any drugs. 

We may fail to successfully
develop and commercialize our drug candidates if they: 

are found to be unsafe or ineffective or fail to meet the appropriate endpoints in clinical trials; 

do not receive necessary approval from the FDA or foreign regulatory agencies; 

fail to conform to a changing standard of care for the diseases they seek to treat; or 

are less effective or more expensive than current or alternative treatment methods. 

Drug development failure can
occur at any stage of clinical trials and as a result of many factors and there can be no assurance that we or our collaborators will
reach our anticipated clinical targets. Even if we or our collaborators complete our clinical trials, we do not know what the long-term
effects of exposure to our drug candidates will be. Furthermore, our drug candidates may be used in combination with other treatments
and there can be no assurance that such use will not lead to unique safety issues. Failure to complete clinical trials or to prove that
our drug candidates are safe and effective would have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate revenue and could require us
to reduce the scope of or discontinue our operations. 

We must comply with significant and complex
government regulations, compliance with which may delay or prevent the commercialization of our drug candidates. 

The R D, manufacture
and marketing of drug candidates are subject to regulation, primarily by the FDA in the United States and by comparable authorities
in other countries. These national agencies and other federal, state, local and foreign entities regulate, among other things,
R D activities (including testing in primates and in humans) and the testing, manufacturing, handling, labeling, storage, record
keeping, approval, advertising and promotion of the products that we are developing. Noncompliance with applicable requirements can
result in various adverse consequences, including approval delays or refusals to approve drug licenses or other applications,
suspension or termination of clinical investigations, revocation of approvals previously granted, fines, criminal prosecution,
recalls or seizures of products, injunctions against shipping drugs and total or partial suspension of production and/or refusal to
allow a company to enter into governmental supply contracts. 

Page 65 of 121 

The process of obtaining FDA
approval has historically been costly and time consuming. Current FDA requirements for a new human drug or biological product to be marketed
in the United States include: (1) the successful conclusion of pre-clinical laboratory and animal tests, if appropriate, to gain
preliminary information on the product s safety; (2) filing with the FDA of an IND application to conduct human clinical trials
for drugs or biologics; (3) the successful completion of adequate and well-controlled human clinical investigations to establish
the safety and efficacy of the product for its recommended use; and (4) filing by a company and acceptance and approval by the FDA
of a New Drug Application, or NDA, for a drug product or a biological license application, or BLA, for a biological product to allow commercial
distribution of the drug or biologic. A delay in one or more of the procedural steps outlined above could be harmful to us in terms of
getting our drug candidates through clinical testing and to market. 

The FDA reviews the results
of the clinical trials and may order the temporary or permanent discontinuation of clinical trials at any time if it believes the drug
candidate exposes clinical subjects to an unacceptable health risk. Investigational drugs used in clinical studies must be produced in
compliance with current good manufacturing practice, or GMP, rules pursuant to FDA regulations. 

Sales outside the United States
of products that we develop will also be subject to regulatory requirements governing human clinical trials and marketing for drugs and
biological products and devices. The requirements vary widely from country to country, but typically the registration and approval process
takes several years and requires significant resources. In most cases, even if the FDA has not approved a product for sale in the United
States, the product may be exported to any country if it complies with the laws of that country and has valid marketing authorization
by the appropriate authority. There are specific FDA regulations that govern this process. 

We also are subject to the
following risks and obligations, related to the approval of our products: 

The FDA or foreign regulators may interpret data from pre-clinical testing and clinical trials in different ways than we interpret them. 

If regulatory approval of a product is granted, the approval may be limited to specific indications or limited with respect to its distribution. 

In addition, many foreign countries control pricing and coverage under their respective national social security systems. 

The FDA or foreign regulators may not approve our manufacturing processes or manufacturing facilities. 

The FDA or foreign regulators may change their approval policies or adopt new regulations. 

Even if regulatory approval for any product is obtained, the marketing license will be subject to continual review, and newly discovered or developed safety or effectiveness data may result in suspension or revocation of the marketing license. 

If regulatory approval of the product candidate is granted, the marketing of that product would be subject to adverse event reporting requirements and a general prohibition against promoting products for unapproved or off-label uses. 

In some foreign countries, we may be subject to official release requirements that require each batch of the product we produce to be officially released by regulatory authorities prior to its distribution by us. 

We will be subject to continual regulatory review and periodic inspection and approval of manufacturing modifications, including compliance with current GMP regulations. 

Page 66 of 121 

We can provide no assurance that our drug
candidates will obtain regulatory approval or that the results of clinical studies will be favorable. 

The testing, marketing and
manufacturing of any product for use in the United States will require approval from the FDA. We cannot predict with any certainty the
amount of time necessary to obtain such FDA approval and whether any such approval will ultimately be granted. Preclinical and clinical
trials may reveal that one or more products are ineffective or unsafe, in which event further development of such products could be seriously
delayed or terminated. Moreover, obtaining approval for certain products may require testing on human subjects of substances whose effects
on humans are not fully understood or documented. Delays in obtaining FDA or any other necessary regulatory approvals of any proposed
drug and failure to receive such approvals would have an adverse effect on the drug s potential commercial success and on our business,
prospects, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, it is possible that a proposed drug may be found to be ineffective
or unsafe due to conditions or facts that arise after development has been completed and regulatory approvals have been obtained. In this
event, we may be required to withdraw such proposed drug from the market. To the extent that our success will depend on any regulatory
approvals from government authorities outside of the United States that perform roles similar to that of the FDA, uncertainties similar
to those stated above will also exist. 

Preclinical and clinical
studies of our product candidates may not be successful. If we are unable to generate successful results from preclinical and clinical
studies of our product candidates, or experience significant delays in doing so, our business may be materially harmed. 

We
have no products on the market and all of our product candidates are in preclinical development. In particular, none of our product candidates
have ever been tested in a human subject. Our ability to achieve and sustain profitability depends on obtaining regulatory approvals for
and, if approved, successfully commercializing our product candidates, either alone or with third parties. Before obtaining regulatory
approval for the commercial distribution of our product candidates, we or an existing or future collaborator must conduct extensive preclinical
tests and clinical trials to demonstrate the safety, purity and potency of our product candidates. 

The
success of our product candidates will depend on several factors, including the following: 

successfully designing preclinical studies which may be predictive of clinical outcomes; 

successful results from preclinical and clinical studies; 

receipt of marketing approvals from applicable regulatory authorities; 

obtaining and maintaining patent and trade secret protection for future product candidates; 

establishing and maintaining manufacturing relationships with third parties or establishing our own manufacturing capability; and 

successfully commercializing our products, if and when approved, whether alone or in collaboration with others. 

Page 67 of 121 

If
we do not achieve one or more of these factors in a timely manner or at all, we could experience significant delays or an inability to
successfully complete the development or commercialization of our product candidates, which would materially harm our business. 

Because
the results of preclinical testing are
not necessarily predictive of future results, our products may not have favorable results in our planned clinical trials. 

Even
if we have positive results from our preclinical testing
of our products, this may not necessarily be predictive of the results from our planned clinical trials in humans. Many companies in the
pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in clinical trials after achieving positive results in preclinical development,
and we cannot be certain that we will not face similar setbacks. Moreover, preclinical and
clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and many companies that believed their product candidates
performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and
clinical trials nonetheless failed to obtain FDA approval. If we fail to produce positive results in our clinical trials, the development
timeline and regulatory approval and commercialization prospects for our products, and, correspondingly, our business and financial prospects,
would be materially adversely affected. 

Even if we obtain regulatory approvals,
our marketed drug candidates will be subject to ongoing regulatory review. If we fail to comply with continuing U.S. and foreign regulations,
we could lose our approvals to market these drugs and our business would be seriously harmed. 

Following any initial regulatory
approval of any drugs we may develop, we will also be subject to continuing regulatory review, including the review of adverse experiences
and clinical results that are reported after our drug candidates are made commercially available. This would include results from any
post-marketing tests or vigilance required as a condition of approval. The manufacturer and manufacturing facilities we use to make any
of our drug candidates will also be subject to periodic review and inspection by the FDA. The discovery of any previously unknown problems
with the drug, manufacturer or facility may result in restrictions on the drug or manufacturer or facility, including withdrawal of the
drug from the market. If we are required to withdraw all or more of our drugs from the market, we may be unable to continue revenue-generating
operations. Reliance on third-party manufacturers entails risks to which we would not be subject if we manufactured drugs ourselves, including
reliance on the third-party manufacturer for regulatory compliance. Our drug promotion and advertising is also subject to regulatory requirements
and continuing FDA review. 

Development of our drug candidates requires
a significant investment in R D. Our R D expenses in turn, are subject to variation based on a number of factors, many of which
are outside of our control. A sudden or significant increase in our R D expenses could materially and adversely impact our results
of operations. 

Our R D cost estimates
and budgets are based on discussions with industry professionals and service providers. These may not take into account all of the activities
involved for the development. Additionally, regulatory requirements may change from time to time and may dictate additional activities
that lead to increased expenditures beyond budgeted. For example, U.S. FDA is now requiring that IND applications be submitted in eCTD
format. 

Because we expect to expend
substantial resources on R D, our success depends in large part on the results as well as the costs of our R D. A failure in our
R D efforts or substantial increase in our R D expenses would adversely affect our results of operations. R D expenditures
are uncertain and subject to much fluctuation. Factors affecting our R D expenses include, but are not limited to: 

the number and outcome of clinical studies we are planning to conduct; for example, our R D expenses may increase based on the number of late-stage clinical studies that we may be required to conduct; 

the number, extent, and outcome of pre-clinical studies we are planning to conduct; for example, our R D expenses may increase based on the number and extent of IND-enabling pre-clinical studies including CMC Studies, Tox Package Studies, and Quality Programs that we may be required to conduct; 

the number of drugs entering into pre-clinical development from research; for example, there is no guarantee that internal research efforts will succeed in generating sufficient data for us to make a positive development decision; 

licensing activities, including the timing and amount of related development funding or milestone payments; for example, we may enter into agreements requiring us to pay a significant up-front fee for the purchase of in-process R D that we may record as R D expense; and 

Page 68 of 121 

maintenance of our relationship with our licensing partner TheraCour and our rights and obligations under the license agreements, including any conflict, dispute or disagreement arising from our failure to satisfy payment obligations under such agreement, our ability to develop and commercialize the affected product candidate may be adversely affected. Any loss of our rights under our license agreements could delay or completely terminate our product development efforts for the affected product candidate. 

We will be unable to proceed with our business plan without obtaining
additional financing to support its budgeted Research and Development and other costs. 

We believe we have sufficient
funds on hand to take one drug candidate into the IND application stage. 

However, we believe we will
require approximately an additional 3 million to pursue the FDA approval process including an initial IND filing. There can be no assurance
that we will be able to raise sufficient funds or that such funds will be raised on terms that will be favorable to us. 

We have estimated a total
cash expenditure budget of approximately 16 million for the next 12 months, of which approximately 12 million is expected to be spent
on research and development for our drug candidates, including the IND filing, human clinical trials of one of our lead drug candidates
NV-CoV-2 and NV-Covid-2-R for Treatment of Coronavirus deceases, and approximately 4 million is budgeted for general and administrative
expenses. 

We are aware of numerous products
under development or manufactured by competitors that are used for the prevention or treatment of certain diseases we have targeted for
drug development. Various companies are developing biopharmaceutical products that potentially directly compete with our drug candidates
even though their approach to such treatment is different. 

We hope that our drug candidates
under development and in clinical trials will address major markets within the anti-viral sector. Our competition will be determined in
part by the potential indications for which drugs are developed and ultimately approved by regulatory authorities. Additionally, the timing
of the market introduction of some of our potential drugs or of competitors' products may be an important competitive factor. Accordingly,
the relative speed with which we can develop drugs, complete pre-clinical testing, clinical trials, approval processes and supply commercial
quantities to market are important competitive factors. We expect that competition among drugs approved for sale will be based on various
factors, including product efficacy, safety, reliability, availability, price and patent protection. 

The successful
development of biopharmaceuticals is highly uncertain. A variety of factors including, pre-clinical study results or regulatory approvals,
could cause us to abandon development of our drug candidates. 

Successful development of
biopharmaceuticals is highly uncertain and is dependent on numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control. Products that appear
promising in the early phases of development may fail to reach the market for several reasons including: 

pre-clinical study results that may show the product to be less effective than desired (e.g., the study failed to meet its primary objectives)
or to have harmful or problematic side effects; 

failure to receive the necessary regulatory approvals or a delay in receiving such approvals. Among other things, such delays may be caused
by slow enrollment in clinical studies, length of time to achieve study endpoints, additional time requirements for data analysis or an
IND and later NDA, preparation, discussions with the FDA, an FDA request for additional pre-clinical or clinical data or unexpected safety
or manufacturing issues; 

manufacturing costs, pricing or reimbursement issues, or other factors that make the product not economical; and 

the proprietary rights of others and their competing products and technologies that may prevent the product from being commercialized. 

Success in pre-clinical and early clinical studies
does not ensure that large-scale clinical studies will be successful. Clinical results are frequently susceptible to varying interpretations
that may delay, limit or prevent regulatory approvals. The length of time necessary to complete clinical studies and to submit an application
for marketing approval for a final decision by a regulatory authority varies significantly from one product to the next, and may be difficult
to predict. 

Page 69 of 121 

We have limited experience in conducting
or supervising clinical trials and must outsource all clinical trials. 

We have limited experience
in conducting or supervising clinical trials that must be performed to obtain data to submit in concert with applications for approval
by the Food and Drug Administration FDA ). The regulatory process to obtain approval for drugs for commercial sale involves
numerous steps. Drugs are subjected to clinical trials that allow development of case studies to examine safety, efficacy, and other issues
to ensure that sale of drugs meets the requirements set forth by various governmental agencies, including the FDA. In the event that our
protocols do not meet standards set forth by the FDA, or that our data is not sufficient to allow such trials to validate our drugs in
the face of such examination, we might not be able to meet the requirements that allow our drugs to be approved for sale. 

Because we have limited experience
in conducting or supervising clinical trials, we plan to outsource our clinical trials to third parties. We have no control over their
compliance with procedures and protocols used to complete clinical trials in accordance with standards required by the agencies that approve
drugs for sale. If these subcontractors fail to meet these standards, the validation of our drugs would be adversely affected, causing
a delay in our ability to meet revenue-generating operations. 

We are subject to risks inherent in conducting
clinical trials. The risk of non-compliance with FDA-approved good clinical practices by clinical investigators, clinical sites, or data
management services could delay or prevent us from developing or ever commercializing our drug candidates. 

Agreements with clinical investigators
and medical institutions for clinical testing and with other third parties for data management services place substantial responsibilities
on these parties, which could result in delays in, or termination of, our clinical trials if these parties fail to perform as expected.
For example, if any of our clinical trial sites fail to comply with FDA-approved good clinical practices, we may be unable to use the
data gathered at those sites. If these clinical investigators, medical institutions or other third parties do not carry out their contractual
duties or obligations or fail to meet expected deadlines, or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised
due to their failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or for other reasons, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated,
and we may be unable to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully commercialize our drug candidates. 

Page 70 of 121 

We or regulators may suspend
or terminate our clinical trials for a number of reasons. We may voluntarily suspend or terminate our clinical trials if at any time we
believe that they present an unacceptable risk to the patients enrolled in our clinical trials. In addition, regulatory agencies may order
the temporary or permanent discontinuation of our clinical trials at any time if they believe that the clinical trials are not being conducted
in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements or that they present an unacceptable safety risk to the patients enrolled in our
clinical trials. 

Our clinical trial operations
will be subject to regulatory inspections at any time. If regulatory inspectors conclude that we or our clinical trial sites are not in
compliance with applicable regulatory requirements for conducting clinical trials, we may receive reports of observations or warning letters
detailing deficiencies, and we will be required to implement corrective actions. If regulatory agencies deem our responses to be inadequate,
or are dissatisfied with the corrective actions that we or our clinical trial sites have implemented, our clinical trials may be temporarily
or permanently discontinued, we may be fined, we or our investigators may be precluded from conducting any ongoing or any future clinical
trials, the government may refuse to approve our marketing applications or allow us to manufacture or market our drug candidates or we
may be criminally prosecuted. If we are unable to complete clinical trials and have our products approved due to our failure to comply
with regulatory requirements, we will be unable to commence revenue-generating operations. 

Efforts of government and third-party payers
to contain or reduce the costs of health care may adversely affect our revenues even if we were to develop an FDA approved drug. 

Our ability to earn sufficient
returns on our drug candidates may depend in part on the extent to which government health administration authorities, private health
coverage insurers and other organizations will provide reimbursement for the costs of such drugs and related treatments. Significant uncertainty
exists as to the reimbursement status of newly approved health care drugs, and we do not know whether adequate third-party coverage will
be available for our drug candidates. If our current and proposed drugs are not considered cost-effective, reimbursement to the consumers
may not be available or sufficient to allow us to sell drugs on a competitive basis. The failure of the government and third-party payers
to provide adequate coverage and reimbursement rates for our drug candidates could adversely affect the market acceptance of our drug
candidates, our competitive position and our financial performance. 

If we were to successfully
develop approvable drugs, before we can begin selling these drugs, we must obtain regulatory approval of our manufacturing facility and
process or the manufacturing facility and process of the third party or parties with whom we may outsource our manufacturing activities.
In addition, the manufacture of our products must comply with the FDA s current Good Manufacturing Practices regulations, commonly
known as GMP regulations. The GMP regulations govern quality control and documentation policies and procedures. Our manufacturing facilities,
if any in the future and the manufacturing facilities of our third party manufacturers will be continually subject to inspection by the
FDA and other state, local and foreign regulatory authorities, before and after product approval. We cannot guarantee that we, or any
potential third party manufacturer of our products, will be able to comply with the GMP regulations or other applicable manufacturing
regulations. 

As of the date of this filing,
we have approximately seventeen employees including the employees at TheraCour, and several consultants and independent contractors. The
only consultant/contractor that we consider critical to the Company is TheraCour. Our relationship with TheraCour is discussed below.
All other consultant/contractors would be more readily replaceable. We have significantly expanded our operations and staff materially
and our new employees include a number of key managerial, technical, financial, R D and operations personnel. The expansion of our
business will continue to place a significant strain on our limited managerial, operational and financial resources. We may need to hire
additional personnel, in key managerial, technical, financial, R D and operations areas. We have no experience in integrating multiple
employees when hired. Therefore, there is a substantial risk that we will not be able to integrate new employees into our operations which
would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

Confidentiality agreements
with employees and others may not adequately prevent disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information. Disclosure of our
trade secrets or proprietary information could compromise any competitive advantage that we have. 

Page 71 of 121 

We depend upon confidentiality
agreements with our officers, employees, consultants, and subcontractors to maintain the proprietary nature of the technology. These measures
may not afford us sufficient or complete protection and may not afford an adequate remedy in the event of an unauthorized disclosure of
confidential information. In addition, others may independently develop technology similar to ours, otherwise avoiding the confidentiality
agreements, or produce patents that would materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of
operations. 

We will rely upon licensed patents to protect
our technology. We may be unable to obtain or protect such intellectual property rights, and we may be liable for infringing upon the
intellectual property rights of others. 

Our ability to compete effectively
will depend on our ability to maintain the proprietary nature of our technologies and the proprietary technology of others with which
we have entered into licensing agreements. We have exclusive licenses from TheraCour to novel technologies, proprietary technologies,
and knowhow, some of which has been filed in patent applications, and we expect to file patents of our own in the coming years. There
can be no assurance that any of these patent applications will ultimately result in the issuance of a patent with respect to the technology
owned by us or licensed to us. The patent position of pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies, including ours, is generally uncertain
and involves complex legal and factual considerations. The standards that the United States Patent and Trademark Office use to grant patents
are not always applied predictably or uniformly and can change. There is also no uniform, worldwide policy regarding the subject matter
and scope of claims granted or allowable in pharmaceutical or biotechnology patents. Accordingly, we do not know the degree of future
protection for our proprietary rights or the breadth of claims that will be allowed in any patents issued to us or to others. Further,
we rely on a combination of trade secrets, know-how, technology and nondisclosure, and other contractual agreements and technical measures
to protect our rights in the technology. If any trade secret, know-how or other technology not protected by a patent were to be disclosed
to or independently developed by a competitor, our business and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

We do not believe that any
of the drug candidates we are currently developing infringe upon the rights of any third parties nor are they infringed upon by third
parties; however, there can be no assurance that our technology will not be found in the future to infringe upon the rights of others
or be infringed upon by others. In such a case, others may assert infringement claims against us, and should we be found to infringe upon
their patents, or otherwise impermissibly utilize their intellectual property, we might be forced to pay damages, potentially including
treble damages, if we are found to have willfully infringed on such parties patent rights. In addition to any damages we might
have to pay, we may be required to obtain licenses from the holders of this intellectual property, enter into royalty agreements, or redesign
our drug candidates so as not to utilize this intellectual property, each of which may prove to be uneconomical or otherwise impossible.
Conversely, we may not always be able to successfully pursue our claims against others that infringe upon our technology and the technology
exclusively licensed from the TheraCour Pharma. Thus, the proprietary nature of our technology or technology licensed by us may not provide
adequate protection against competitors. 

Moreover, the cost to us of
any litigation or other proceeding relating to technology we license and other intellectual property rights, even if resolved in our favor,
could be substantial, and the litigation would divert our management s efforts. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and
continuation of any litigation could limit our ability to continue our operations. 

Other companies or organizations may assert
patent rights that prevent us from developing and commercializing our drug candidates. 

We are in a relatively
new scientific field that has generated many different patent applications from organizations and individuals seeking to obtain
important patents in the field. Because the field is so new, very few of these patent applications have been fully processed by
government patent offices around the world, and there is a great deal of uncertainty about which patents will issue, when, to whom,
and with what claims. It is possible that there will be significant litigation and other proceedings, such as interference
proceedings in various patent offices, relating to patent rights in the field. Others may attempt to invalidate TheraCour s
patents or other intellectual property rights. Even if our rights are not directly challenged, disputes among third parties could
lead to the weakening or invalidation of those intellectual property rights. 

Page 72 of 121 

Thus, it is possible that
one or more organizations will hold patent rights to which we will need a license. Any license required under any patent may not be made
available on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. In addition, such licenses are likely to be non-exclusive and, therefore, our competitors
may have access to the same technology licensed to us. If we fail to obtain a required license and are unable to design around a patent,
we may be unable to effectively market some of our technology and drug candidates, which could limit our ability to generate revenues
or achieve profitability and possibly prevent us from generating revenue sufficient to sustain our operations. 

We are dependent upon TheraCour for the
rights to develop the products we intend to sell and our license agreements with TheraCour require that TheraCour is the sole developer
and supplier of our licensed products. 

Our ability to develop, manufacture
and sell the products the Company plans to develop is derived from our Licensing Agreements with TheraCour. The Agreements may be terminated
by TheraCour as a result of: the insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings by or against the Company, a general assignment by the Company to
its creditors, the dissolution of the Company, cessation by the Company of business operations for ninety (90) days or more or the commencement
by the Company or an affiliate to challenge or invalidate the issued patents. 

The Company does not hold
the rights to any other patents nor does the Company conduct its own research and development to develop other products to manufacture
and sell. In addition, TheraCour is the sole developer of our licensed products and we are required to pay TheraCour fess for indirect
and direct costs incurred by TheraCour for its licensed products. Therefore, we are dependent upon TheraCour for all of our product development
needs. If the Company s Agreement with TheraCour is terminated, it is unlikely we will be able to commence revenue-generating operations
or that the Company could continue operating at all. 

The expiration or loss of patent protection
may adversely affect our future revenues and operating earnings. 

We rely on patent, trademark,
trade secret and other intellectual property protection in the discovery, research and of our product candidates. In particular, patent
protection is important in the development and eventual commercialization of our products and product candidates. Patents covering our
products and product candidates normally provide market exclusivity, which is important in order for our products and product candidates
to become profitable. 

Certain of the patents, that
comprise the intellectual property that we license, expire between 2022 and 2028. While we believe the patent holders may seek additional
patent coverage that may protect the technology underlying these patents, there can be no assurances that such additional patent protection
will be granted, or if granted, that these patents will not be infringed upon or otherwise held enforceable. Even if we are successful
in obtaining a patent, patents have a limited lifespan and we currently do not have any products for sale. In the United States, the natural expiration of
a utility patent typically is generally 20 years after it is filed. Various extensions may be available; however, the life of a patent,
and the protection it affords, is limited. Without patent protection for our products and product candidates, we may be open to competition
from generic versions of such methods and devices. 

We lack suitable facilities for clinical
testing; reliance on third parties. 

The Company does not have
facilities that could be used to conduct clinical testing. We expect to contract with third parties to conduct all clinical testing required
to obtain approvals for any drugs that we might develop. We currently outsource all testing to a number of third parties in various collaborations
and service contracts. Any of our collaborators or service providers may discontinue the service contract or collaboration. If this were
to occur, then we would be required to modify our priorities and goals, obtain other collaborators or service providers to replace the
ones we lose, or we may even be forced to abandon certain drug development programs. In addition, any failures by third parties to adequately
perform their responsibilities may delay the submission of our proposed products for regulatory approval, impair our ability to deliver
our products on a timely basis, increase our costs, or otherwise impair our competitive position. 

Page 73 of 121 

We have limited manufacturing experience. 

The Company has never manufactured
products in the highly regulated environment of pharmaceutical manufacturing. There are numerous regulations and requirements that must
be maintained to obtain licensure and the permits required to commence manufacturing, as well as additional requirements to continue manufacturing
pharmaceutical products. We now own facilities that could be used to manufacture clinical quantities of any products that might be developed
by the Company. We believe that this cGMP-capable facility may allow us to produce limited quantities of a drug after approval for initial
market entry, and that such an effort may make commercial sense if the treatment course requirements and afflicted patient populations
are limited, and if the remuneration for the treatment course is appropriate. However, we do not own, nor lease facilities suitable for
cGMP manufacture of any of our drug candidates in large commercial quantities, nor do we have the resources at this time to acquire or
lease suitable facilities. At present, we have not retained any contract manufacturing organizations (CMO) for commercial manufacture
or for clinical product manufacture. 

We may be unable to attract, retain, and
motivate skilled personnel which will delay our product development programs and our research and development efforts. 

Our success depends on our
continued ability to attract, retain, and motivate highly qualified scientific personnel who must undergo extensive training to assist
in our research programs. Competition for skilled and qualified personnel and academic and other research collaborations is intense. If
we lose the services of personnel with the necessary skills, or if there are extensive delays in training such personnel, it could significantly
impede the achievement of our research and development objectives. We are currently experiencing extreme staffing constraints as well
as financing constraints that have already caused substantial delays and may continue to cause further delays in our estimated timelines,
unless we are successful at raising additional funds and at attracting and retaining highly skilled employees with specific skill-sets.
There can be no assurance that we will be able to raise sufficient funding or that even if we are able to raise funding on terms favorable
to the Company, that we will be able to hire and retain such qualified employees, The inability to hire and retain these employees will
significantly delay our objectives including filing an IND with the FDA. 

We have no sales and marketing personnel. 

We are an early stage development
company with limited resources. We do not currently have any products available for sale, so have not secured sales and marketing staff
at this early stage of operations. We cannot generate sales without a sales or marketing staff and we cannot guarantee we will be successful
in developing one. Even if we were to successfully develop approvable drugs, we will not be able to sell these drugs if we or our third-party
manufacturers fail to comply with manufacturing regulations. 

Since we cannot predict whether or when
we will obtain regulatory approval to commercialize our product candidates, we cannot predict the timing of any future revenue from these
product candidates. 

We
cannot commercialize any of our product candidates to generate revenue until the appropriate regulatory authorities have reviewed and
approved the marketing applications for the product candidates. We cannot ensure that the regulatory agencies will complete their review
processes in a timely manner or that we will obtain regulatory approval for any product candidate that we or our collaborators develop.
Satisfaction of regulatory requirements typically takes many years, is dependent upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product
and requires the expenditure of substantial resources. Regulatory approval processes outside the United States include all of the risks
associated with the FDA approval process. In addition, we may experience delays or rejections based upon additional government regulation
from future legislation or administrative action or changes in FDA policy during the period of product development, clinical trials and
FDA regulatory review. 

Page 74 of 121 

We license our core technology from TheraCour
and we are dependent upon them as they have exclusive development rights. If we lose the right to utilize any of the proprietary information
that is the subject of this license agreement, we may incur substantial delays and costs in development of our drug candidates 

The Company has entered into
Material License Agreements with TheraCour. TheraCour has exclusive rights to develop exclusively for us, the materials that comprise
the core drugs of our planned business. TheraCour is a development stage company with limited financial resources and needs the Company s
progress payments to further the development of the nanoviricides. The Company controls the research and work TheraCour performs on its
behalf and no costs may be incurred without the prior authorization or approval of the Company. 

We depend on TheraCour and
other third parties to perform manufacturing activities effectively and on a timely basis. If these third parties fail to perform as required,
this could impair our ability to deliver our products on a timely basis or cause delays in our clinical trials and applications for regulatory
approval, and these events could harm our competitive position and adversely affect our ability to commence revenue-generating operations.
The manufacturing process for pharmaceutical products is highly regulated, and regulators may shut down manufacturing facilities that
they believe do not comply with regulations. We, and our manufacturers are subject to the FDA s current Good Manufacturing Practices,
which are extensive regulations governing manufacturing processes, stability testing, record keeping and quality standards and similar
regulations are in effect in other countries. In addition, our manufacturing operations are subject to routine inspections by regulatory
agencies. 

Our collaborative relationships with third
parties could cause us to expend significant resources and incur substantial business risk with no assurance of financial return. 

We anticipate substantial
reliance upon strategic collaborations for marketing and the commercialization of our drug candidates and we may rely even more on strategic
collaborations for R D of our other drug candidates. Our business depends on our ability to sell drugs to both government agencies
and to the general pharmaceutical market. Offering our drug candidates for non-medical applications to government agencies does not require
us to develop new sales, marketing or distribution capabilities beyond those already existing in the company. Selling antiviral drugs,
however, does require such development. We plan to sell antiviral drugs through strategic partnerships with pharmaceutical companies.
If we are unable to establish or manage such strategic collaborations on terms favorable to us in the future, our revenue and drug development
may be limited. To date, we have not entered into any strategic collaboration with third parties capable of providing these services.
In addition, we have not yet marketed or sold any of our drug candidates or entered into successful collaborations for these services
in order to ultimately commercialize our drug candidates. 

If we determine to enter into
R D collaborations during the early phases of drug development, our success will in part depend on the performance of our research
collaborators. We will not directly control the amount or timing of resources devoted by our research collaborators to activities related
to our drug candidates. Our research collaborators may not commit sufficient resources to our programs. If any research collaborator fails
to commit sufficient resources, our preclinical or clinical development programs related to such collaboration could be delayed or terminated.
Also, our collaborators may pursue existing or other development-stage products or alternative technologies in preference to those being
developed in collaboration with us. Finally, if we fail to make required milestone or royalty payments to our collaborators or to observe
other obligations in our agreements with them, our collaborators may have the right to terminate those agreements. 

Manufacturers producing our
drug candidates must follow current GMP regulations enforced by the FDA and foreign equivalents. If a manufacturer of our drug candidates
does not conform to the current GMP regulations and cannot be brought up to such a standard, we will be required to find alternative manufacturers
that do conform. This may be a long and difficult process and may delay our ability to receive FDA or foreign regulatory approval of our
drug candidates and cause us to fall behind on our business objectives. 

Establishing strategic
collaborations is difficult and time-consuming. Our discussion with potential collaborators may not lead to the establishment of
collaborations on favorable terms, if at all. Potential collaborators may reject collaborations based upon their assessment of our
financial, regulatory or intellectual property position. Even if we successfully establish new collaborations, these relationships
may never result in the successful development or commercialization of our drug candidates or the generation of sales revenue. To
the extent that we enter into collaborative arrangements, our drug revenues are likely to be lower than if we directly marketed and
sold any drugs that we may develop. 

Page 75 of 121 

Management of our relationships
with our collaborators will require: 

significant time and effort from our management team; 

coordination of our marketing and R D programs with the marketing and R D priorities of our collaborators; and 

effective allocation of our resources to multiple projects. 

We employ the use of certain chemical and
biological agents and compounds that may be deemed hazardous and we are therefore subject to various environmental laws and regulations.
Compliance with these laws and regulations may result in significant costs, which could materially reduce our ability to become profitable. 

We use hazardous materials,
including chemicals and biological agents and compounds that could be dangerous to human health and safety or the environment. As appropriate,
we safely store these materials and wastes resulting from their use at our laboratory facility pending their ultimate use or disposal.
We contract with a third party to properly dispose of these materials and wastes. We are subject to a variety of federal, state and local
laws and regulations governing the use, generation, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of these materials and wastes. We may
incur significant costs complying with environmental laws and regulations adopted in the future. 

We cannot eliminate the risk
of contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from our use of hazardous materials,
we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources. We also could incur significant costs
associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties for failure to comply with such laws and regulations. We may incur substantial costs
in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and regulations
may impair our research, development or production efforts. Our failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result in substantial
fines, penalties or other sanctions. 

If we use biological and hazardous materials
in a manner that causes injury, we may be liable for damages. 

Our R D and manufacturing
activities will involve the use of biological and hazardous materials. Although we believe our safety procedures for handling and disposing
of these materials comply with federal, state and local laws and regulations, we cannot entirely eliminate the risk of accidental injury
or contamination from the use, storage, handling or disposal of these materials. We carry 7,000,000 casualty and general liability
insurance policies. Accordingly, in the event of contamination or injury, we could be held liable for damages or penalized with fines
in an amount exceeding our resources and insurance coverage, and our clinical trials or regulatory approvals could be suspended. 

We depend upon our senior management and
their loss or unavailability could put us at a competitive disadvantage. 

We currently depend upon the
efforts and abilities of our management team. The loss or unavailability of the services of any of these individuals for any significant
period of time could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. We have
not obtained, do not own, nor are we the beneficiary of key-person life insurance for all of our key personnel. 

The Company believes that
Dr. Anil Diwan, is critical to the success of the Company. The Company is a limited beneficiary of a certain amount of key man insurance
for Anil Diwan that the Company maintains. However, there can be no assurances that the amount of the key man insurance coverage would
be sufficient to provide replacement of this key officer for continuing the Company s operations in a timely manner, should such
an event arise. 

The Company also maintains
a limited amount of Directors and Officers Liability insurance coverage to protect all of its directors and executive officers taken together.
There can be no assurance that this D O coverage will be sufficient to cover the costs of the events that may lead to its invocation,
in which case, there could be a substantial impact on the Company s ability to continue operations, should such an unforeseen event
occur. 

Page 76 of 121 

There are conflicts of interest among our
officers, directors and stockholders. 

Certain of our executive officers
and directors and their affiliates are engaged in other activities and have interests in other entities on their own behalf or on behalf
of other persons. Neither we, nor our stockholders will have any rights in these ventures or their income or profits. Specifically, Dr.
Anil Diwan owns approximately 90 of the capital stock of TheraCour, which as of June 30, 2021, owned 4.1 of our common stock,
and 200,000 shares of the Company s Series A preferred stock, and provides the nanomaterials to the Company with which it intends
to develop its products and is the holder of the intellectual property rights the Company uses to conduct its operations. While the Company
is not aware of any conflict that has arisen or any transaction that has not been conducted on an arm s length basis to date, Dr. Diwan
may have conflicting fiduciary duties between the Company and TheraCour, for which he must recuse himself from certain decision-making
processes of the Company. 

The Company does not allow
a conflicted shareholder, director, or executive officer to vote on matters wherein a conflict may be perceived. The conflicted person
or entity is not allowed to nominate an alternate person to vote for them either. Other than this safeguard, the Company currently does
not have any policy in place, should such a conflict arise. 

In particular: 

Our executive officers or directors or their affiliates may have an economic interest in, or other business relationship with, partner companies that invest in us. 

Our executive officers or directors or their affiliates have interests in entities that provide products or services to us. 

In any of these cases: 

Our executive officers or directors may have a conflict between our current interests and their personal financial and other interests in another business venture. 

Our executive officers or directors may have conflicting fiduciary duties to us and the other entity. 

The terms of transactions with the other entity may not be subject to arm s length negotiations and therefore may be on terms less favorable to us than those that could be procured through arm s length negotiations. 

We anticipate entering into contracts with
various U.S. government agencies. In contracting with government agencies, we will be subject to various federal contract requirements.
Future sales to U.S. government agencies will depend, in part, on our ability to meet these requirements, certain of which we may not
be able to satisfy. 

We may enter into contracts
with various U.S. government agencies which have special contracting requirements that give the government agency various rights or impose
on the other party various obligations that can make the contracts less favorable to the non- government party. Consequently, if a large
portion of our revenue is attributable to these contracts, our business may be adversely affected should the governmental parties exercise
any of these additional rights or impose any of these additional obligations. 

U.S. government contracts
typically contain unfavorable termination provisions and are subject to audit and modification by the government at its sole discretion,
which subjects us to additional risks. These risks include the ability of the U.S. government to unilaterally: 

suspend or prevent us for a set period of time from receiving new contracts or extending existing contracts based on violations or suspected violations of laws or regulations; 

terminate our existing contracts; 

Page 77 of 121 

reduce the scope and value of our existing contracts; 

audit and object to our contract-related costs and fees, including allocated indirect costs; 

control and potentially prohibit the export of our drug candidates; and 

change certain terms and conditions in our contracts. 

The U.S. government may terminate
any of its contracts with us either for its convenience or if we default by failing to perform in accordance with the contract schedule
and terms. Termination for convenience provisions generally enable us to recover only our costs incurred or committed, and settlement
expenses and profit on the work completed prior to termination. Termination for default provisions do not permit these recoveries and
make us liable for excess costs incurred by the U.S. government in procuring undelivered items from another source. 

As a U.S. government contractor,
we may become subject to periodic audits and reviews. Based on the results of these audits, the U.S. government may adjust our contract-related
costs and fees, including allocated indirect costs. As part of any such audit or review, the U.S. government may review the adequacy of,
and our compliance with, our internal control systems and policies, including those relating to our purchasing, property, compensation
and/or management information systems. In addition, if an audit or review uncovers any improper or illegal activity, we may be subject
to civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of our contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension
of payments, fines and suspension or prohibition from doing business with the U.S. government. We could also suffer serious harm to our
reputation if allegations of impropriety were made against us. In addition, under U.S. government purchasing regulations, some of our
costs, including most financing costs, amortization of intangible assets, portions of our R D costs and some marketing expenses, may
not be reimbursable or allowed under our contracts. Further, as a U.S. government contractor, we may become subject to an increased risk
of investigations, criminal prosecution, civil fraud, whistleblower lawsuits and other legal actions and liabilities to which purely private
sector companies are not. 

We may fail to obtain contracts to supply
the U.S. government, and we may be unable to commercialize our drug candidates. 

The U.S. government has undertaken
commitments to help secure improved countermeasures against bio-terrorism. The process of obtaining government contracts is lengthy and
uncertain, and we would compete for each contract. Moreover, the award of one government contract would not necessarily secure the award
of future contracts covering the same drug. If the U.S. government makes significant future contract awards for the supply of its emergency
stockpile to our competitors, our business will be harmed and it is unlikely that we will be able to ultimately commercialize our competitive
drug candidate. 

In addition, the determination
of when and whether a drug is ready for large scale purchase and potential use will be made by the government through consultation with
a number of government agencies, including the FDA, the NIH, the CDC and the Department of Homeland Security. Congress has approved measures
to accelerate the development of bio-defense drugs through NIH funding, the review process by the FDA and the final government procurement
contracting authority. While this may help speed the approval of our drug candidates, it may also encourage competitors to develop their
own drug candidates. 

We cannot predict with certainty
the size of the market, if any for all of the antiviral drugs that the governments may want to stockpile. Consequently, we cannot predict
whether sales, if any, to governments will be sufficient to fund our business plan and commence revenue-generating operations. 

Page 78 of 121 

If the U.S. government fails to continue funding bio-defense
drug candidate development efforts or fails to purchase sufficient quantities of any future bio-defense drug candidate, we may be unable
to generate sufficient revenues to continue operations. 

While we have not yet received
U.S. government funding, we hope to receive funding from the U.S. government for the development of our bio-defense drug candidates. Changes
in government budgets and agendas, however, may result in future funding being decreased and de-prioritized, and government contracts
typically contain provisions that permit cancellation in the event that funds are unavailable to the government agency. Furthermore, we
cannot be certain of the timing of any future funding, and substantial delays or cancellations of funding could result from protests or
challenges from third parties. If the U.S. government fails to continue to adequately fund R D programs, we may be unable to generate
sufficient revenues to continue operations. Similarly, if we develop a drug candidate that is approved by the FDA, but the U.S. government
does not place sufficient orders for this drug, our future business may be harmed. 

Failure to remediate a material weakness
in internal accounting controls could result in material misstatements in our financial statements. 

Our management has identified
a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting and has concluded that, due to such material weakness, our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective as of June 30, 2021. The material weakness in internal control over financial reporting resulted
from the lack of timely and effective review of the Company s period-end closing process and adequate personnel and resources. The
material weakness has not been remediated as of June 30, 2021. If not remediated, or if we identify further material weaknesses in our
internal controls, our failure to establish and maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial
reporting could result in material misstatements in our financial statements and a failure to meet our reporting and financial obligations,
each of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and the trading price of our common stock. 

Risks Related to the Biotechnology/Biopharmaceutical
Industry 

The biotechnology and biopharmaceutical
industries are characterized by rapid technological developments and a high degree of competition. We may be unable to compete with enterprises
equipped with more substantial resources than us. 

The biotechnology and biopharmaceutical
industries are characterized by rapid technological developments and a high degree of competition based primarily on scientific and technological
factors. These factors include the availability of patent and other protection for technology and products, the ability to commercialize
technological developments and the ability to obtain government approval for testing, manufacturing and marketing. 

Our Coronavirus drug candidates
would compete with several already approved therapies (either EUA or full approvals). 

Our shingles drug candidate
would compete with Valtrex , an approved drug (valacyclovir), and other acyclovir-related nucleoside analogs, and new drugs in the
pipeline. FV-100, a VZV-specific nucleoside analog was in Phase III clinical trials that were terminated. Development of ASP2151, a helicase/primase
inhibitor, was terminated due to adverse events in healthy persons in clinical trials. We are not aware of any further drugs in clinical
trials for the treatment of shingles. Painkillers such as lidocaine formulations and oxycodone formulations were in clinical trials for
symptomatic relief of PHN. 

Our HSV-1 and HSV-2 skin cream
drug candidates would compete with branded and unbranded available skin creams, such as Abreva , as well as with branded and unbranded
oral drug candidates against herpes, such as those based on acyclovir, valacyclovir, gancyclovir, among others. It is not known until
after human clinical trials whether our drug candidates provide patient benefits beyond those of these drugs. Other drugs against herpes
that are in the pipeline, if approved prior to our drug approval, would also be competition. Several drugs are in clinical trials for
HSV-1 and/or HSV-2 treatment. These include brincidofovir, cyclopropavir, valamocyclovir, pritelivir, letermovir, as well as antibodies.
Their patient benefit profiles are not known at present. 

Our anti-influenza drug
in development, Flucide, would compete with neuraminidase inhibitors Tamiflu and Relenza, anti-influenza drugs that are sold by
Roche and Glaxo SmithKline (GSK), respectively. Generic competitors include amantadine and rimantadine, both oral. BioCryst
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. has achieved US FDA approval for IV Infusions formulations of peramivir, an influenza neuraminidase
inhibitor, for the treatment of uncomplicated influenza. Peramivir is approved in Japan and had obtained emergency use authorization
in the US. Its effectiveness during multiple clinical trials was found to be severely limited. Recently, a new drug, Xofluza
(Baloxavir marboxil), developed by Shionogi, Inc., has been approved in Japan, and licensed in the US and the rest of the world
by Genetech/Roche and is in fast track Phase 3 clinical trials under the US FDA. It is an influenza viral endonuclease PA inhibitor.
Other drugs in this class are in clinical trials. So are drugs targeting the m7G cap-snatching activity (PB2) of influenza virus
such as VX787, and antibodies. Several H5N1 bird flu, and influenza novelH1N1/2009 vaccines are also in development worldwide.
Several companies are developing anti-influenza drugs and vaccines. 

We compete with specialized
biopharmaceutical firms in the United States, Europe and elsewhere, as well as a growing number of large pharmaceutical companies that
are applying biotechnology to their operations, many of which have greater market presence and resources than we do. Many biopharmaceutical
companies have focused their development efforts in the human therapeutics area, including cancer. Many major pharmaceutical companies
have developed or acquired internal biotechnology capabilities or made commercial arrangements with other biopharmaceutical companies.
These companies, as well as academic institutions, government agencies and private research organizations, also compete with us in recruiting
and retaining highly qualified scientific personnel and consultants. Our ability to compete successfully with other companies in the pharmaceutical
field will also depend to a considerable degree on the continuing availability of capital to us. 

Page 79 of 121 

We are aware of numerous products
under development or manufactured by competitors that are used for the prevention or treatment of certain diseases we have targeted for
drug development. Various companies are developing biopharmaceutical products that potentially directly compete with our drug candidates
even though their approach to such treatment is different. 

We hope that our drug candidates
under development and in clinical trials will address major markets within the anti-viral sector. Our competition will be determined in
part by the potential indications for which drugs are developed and ultimately approved by regulatory authorities. Additionally, the timing
of the market introduction of some of our potential drugs or of competitors products may be an important competitive factor. Accordingly,
the relative speed with which we can develop drugs, complete pre-clinical testing, clinical trials, approval processes and supply commercial
quantities to market are important competitive factors. We expect that competition among drugs approved for sale will be based on various
factors, including product efficacy, safety, reliability, availability, price and patent protection. 

The successful development of biopharmaceuticals
is highly uncertain. A variety of factors including, pre-clinical study results or regulatory approvals, could cause us to abandon development
of our drug candidates. 

Successful development of
biopharmaceuticals is highly uncertain and is dependent on numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control. Products that appear
promising in the early phases of development may fail to reach the market for several reasons including: 

pre-clinical study results that may show the product to be less effective than desired (e.g., the study failed to meet its primary objectives) or to have harmful or problematic side effects; 

failure to receive the necessary regulatory approvals or a delay in receiving such approvals. Among other things, such delays may be caused by slow enrollment in clinical studies, length of time to achieve study endpoints, additional time requirements for data analysis or a IND and later NDA, preparation, discussions with the FDA, an FDA request for additional pre-clinical or clinical data or unexpected safety or manufacturing issues; 

manufacturing costs, pricing or reimbursement issues, or other factors that make the product not economical; and 

the proprietary rights of others and their competing products and technologies that may prevent the product from being commercialized. 

Success in pre-clinical and early clinical studies
does not ensure that large-scale clinical studies will be successful. Clinical results are frequently susceptible to varying interpretations
that may delay, limit or prevent regulatory approvals. The length of time necessary to complete clinical studies and to submit an application
for marketing approval for a final decision by a regulatory authority varies significantly from one product to the next, and may be difficult
to predict. 

Page 80 of 121 

Risks Related to the Securities Markets and
Investments in Our Common Stock 

General securities market uncertainties resulting from the COVID-19
pandemic. 

Since the outset of the pandemic
the US and worldwide national securities markets have undergone unprecedented stress due to the uncertainties of the pandemic and the
resulting reactions and outcomes of government, business and the general population. These uncertainties have resulted in declines in
all market sectors, increases in volumes due to flight to safety and governmental actions to support the markets. As a result, until the
pandemic has stabilized, the markets may not be available to us for purposes of raising required capital. Should we not be able to obtain
financing when required, in the amounts necessary to execute on our plans in full, or on terms which are economically feasible we may
be unable to sustain the necessary capital to pursue our strategic plan and may have to reduce the planned future growth and scope of
our operations. 

If we do not meet the continued listing
standards of the NYSE American our common stock could be delisted from trading, which could limit investors ability to make transactions
in our common stock and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

As of September 25, 2013,
our common stock became listed on the NYSE MKT (now known as NYSE American ), a national securities exchange, which imposes
continued listing requirements with respect to listed shares. If, however, we fail to satisfy the continued listing standards, such as,
for example, the requirement that our shares not trade for a substantial period of time at a low price per share, fail to
meet stockholders equity requirements, or that we not dispose of our principal operating assets or discontinue a substantial portion of
our operations, among other requirements, the NYSE American may issue anon-compliance letter or initiate delisting proceedings. If our
securities are delisted from trading on the NYSE American and we are not able to list our securities on another exchange or to have them
quoted on NASDAQ, our securities could be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board or on the pink sheets. As a result, we could
face significant adverse consequences including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

a determination that our common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for us; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities (including pursuant to short-form registration statements on Form S-3 or obtain additional financing in the future). 

Our Company is subject to the periodic reporting
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), which will require us to incur audit
fees and legal fees in connection with the preparation of such reports. These additional costs will reduce or might eliminate our profitability. 

Our Company is required
to file periodic reports with the Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
To comply with these requirements, our independent registered auditors will have to review our quarterly financial statements and
audit our annual financial statements. Moreover, our legal counsel will have to review and assist in the preparation of such
reports. The costs charged by these professionals for such services cannot be accurately predicted at this time, because factors
such as the number and type of transactions that we engage in and the complexity of our reports cannot be determined at this time
and will have a major effect on the amount of time to be spent by our auditors and attorneys. However, the incurrence of such costs
will obviously be an expense to our operations and thus have a negative effect on our ability to meet our overhead requirements and
earn a profit. We may be exposed to potential risks resulting from new requirements under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and operating results could be harmed,
investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, the trading price of our common stock, if a market ever
develops, could drop significantly, or we could become subject to Commission enforcement proceedings. 

Page 81 of 121 

Our Common Stock may be considered a penny
stock and may be difficult to sell. 

The Commission has adopted
regulations which generally define penny stock to be an equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share
or an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to specific exemptions. Historically, the price of our Common Stock has fluctuated
greatly. If, the market price of the Common Stock is less than 5.00 per share and the Common Stock does not fall within any exemption,
it therefore may be designated as a penny stock according to Commission rules. The penny stock rules impose
additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell securities to persons other than established customers and accredited
investors (generally those with assets in excess of 1,000,000 or annual income exceeding 200,000 or 300,000 together with their spouse).
For transactions covered by these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of securities
and have received the purchaser s written consent to the transaction before the purchase. Additionally, for any transaction involving
a penny stock, unless exempt, the broker-dealer must deliver, before the transaction, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the Commission
relating to the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered
representative and current quotations for the securities. Finally, monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information
on the limited market in penny stocks. These additional burdens imposed on broker-dealers may restrict the ability or decrease the willingness
of broker-dealers to sell our common shares, and may result in decreased liquidity for our common shares and increased transaction costs
for sales and purchases of our common shares as compared to other securities. 

Our stock price may be volatile and your
investment in our common stock could suffer a decline in value. 

The price of our Common Stock,
as quoted on the NYSE American, may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control.
These factors include but are not limited to: 

progress of our products through the regulatory process 

results of preclinical studies and clinical trials; 

announcements of technological innovations or new products by us or our competitors; 

government regulatory action affecting our products or our competitors products in both the United States and foreign countries; 

developments or disputes concerning patent or proprietary rights; 

general market conditions for emerging growth and pharmaceutical companies; 

economic conditions in the United States or abroad; 

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; 

broad market fluctuations; and 

changes in financial estimates by securities analysts. 

There is a risk of market fraud. 

Shareholders should be aware
that, according to SEC Release No. 34-29093, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and
abuse. Such patterns include (1) control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to
the promoter or issuer; (2) manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press
releases; (3) boiler room practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced sales
persons; (4) excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differential and markups by selling broker-dealers; and (5) the wholesale dumping
of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, along with the resulting
inevitable collapse of those prices and with consequent investor losses. We are aware of the abuses that have occurred historically in
the penny stock market. Although we do not expect to be in a position to dictate the behavior of the market or of broker-dealers who participate
in the market, management will strive within the confines of practical limitations to prevent the described patterns from being established
with respect to our securities. The occurrence of these patterns or practices could increase the volatility of our share price. 

As of September 25, 2013,
our common stock was listed on the NYSE American national exchange. However, shareholders should be aware that the occurrence of the above-mentioned
patterns and practices cannot be entirely precluded and that the occurrence of these patterns or practices could increase the volatility
of our share price. 

Page 82 of 121 

A registration of a significant amount of
our outstanding restricted stock may have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock. 

At June 30, 2021, shareholders
of the Company held 1,338,731 shares of restricted stock, or approximately 11.6 of the outstanding Common Stock. If we were to file a
registration statement including all of these shares, and the registration is allowed by the SEC, these shares would be freely tradable
upon the effectiveness of the planned registration statement. If investors holding a significant number of freely tradable shares decide
to sell them in a short period of time following the effectiveness of a registration statement, such sales could contribute to significant
downward pressure on the price of our stock. 

We do not intend to pay any cash dividends
in the foreseeable future and, therefore, any return on your investment in our capital stock must come from increases in the fair market
value and trading price of the capital stock. 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our Common Stock and do not intend to pay cash dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain
future earnings, if any, for reinvestment in the development and expansion of our business. Any credit agreements, which we may enter
into with institutional lenders, may restrict our ability to pay dividends. Whether we pay cash dividends in the future will be at the
discretion of our board of directors and will be dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and
any other factors that the board of directors decides is relevant. Therefore, any return on your investment in our capital stock must
come from increases in the fair market value and trading price of the capital stock. 

We may issue additional equity shares to
fund the Company s operational requirements, which would dilute share ownership. 

The Company s continued
viability depends on its ability to raise capital. Changes in economic, regulatory or competitive conditions may lead to cost increases.
Management may also determine that it is in the best interest of the Company to develop new services or products. In any such case additional
financing is required for the Company to meet its operational requirements. There can be no assurances that the Company will be able to
obtain such financing on terms acceptable to the Company and at times required by the Company, if at all. In such event, the Company may
be required to materially alter its business plan or curtail all or a part of its operational plans as detailed further in Management s
Discussion and Analysis in this prospectus. The sale or the proposed sale of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public markets
may adversely affect the market price of our common stock and our stock price may decline substantially. In the event that the Company
is unable to raise or borrow additional funds, the Company may be required to curtail significantly its operational plans as further detailed
in Requirements for Additional Capital in the Management s Discussion and Analysis of this prospectus. 

The Company is authorized
to issue up to 150,000,000 shares of common stock without additional approval by shareholders. As of June 30, 2021, we had 11,515,170
shares of common stock outstanding, 9,146 warrants convertible to 9,146 shares of common stock, 5,000 stock options convertible to 5,000
shares of common stock and 371,490 shares of Series A preferred stock convertible into 1,300,215 shares of common stock only in the
event of a change in control. 

Large amounts of our common stock will be
eligible for resale under Rule 144. 

As of June 30, 2021, 1,338,731,
of 11,515,170 issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock were restricted securities as defined under Rule 144
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act and under certain circumstances may be resold without registration pursuant
to Rule 144. In addition the 371,490 shares of Series A Preferred Stock are restricted and convertible into 1,300,215 shares
of common stock only in the event of a Change of Control of the Company. 

Approximately 742,796 shares
of our restricted shares of common stock are held by non-affiliates who may avail themselves of the public information requirements and
sell their shares in accordance with Rule 144. As a result, some or all of these shares may be sold in accordance with Rule 144
potentially causing the price of the Company s shares to decline. 

In general, under Rule 144, a person
(or persons whose shares are aggregated) who has satisfied a six month holding period may, under certain circumstances, sell within
any three-month period a number of securities which does not exceed the greater of 1 of the then outstanding shares of common stock
or the average weekly trading volume of the class during the four calendar weeks prior to such sale. Rule 144 also permits,
under certain circumstances, the sale of securities, without any limitation, by a person who is not an Affiliate, as such term is
defined in Rule 144(a)(1), of the Company and who has satisfied a one-year holding period. Any substantial sale of the
Company s common stock pursuant to Rule 144 may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Company s shares.
This filing will satisfy certain public information requirements necessary for such shares to be sold under Rule 144. 

Page 83 of 121 

The requirements of complying with the Sarbanes-Oxley
act may strain our resources and distract management. 

We are subject to the reporting
requirements of the Exchange Act, and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The costs associated with these requirements may place a strain
on our systems and resources. The Exchange Act requires that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business
and financial condition. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls
over financial reporting. Historically, we have maintained a small accounting staff, but in order to maintain and improve the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant additional resources and management
oversight will be required. This includes, among other things, activities necessary for supporting our independent public auditors. This
effort may divert management s attention from other business concerns, which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, we may need to hire additional accounting and financial persons
with appropriate public company experience and technical accounting knowledge, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so
in a timely fashion. 

Sales of additional equity securities may
adversely affect the market price of our common stock and your rights in the Company may be reduced. 

We expect to continue to incur
drug development and selling, general and administrative costs, and in order to satisfy our funding requirements, we may need to sell
additional equity securities. Our stockholders may experience substantial dilution and a reduction in the price that they are able to
obtain upon sale of their shares. Also, any new securities issued may have greater rights, preferences or privileges than our existing
common stock that may adversely affect the market price of our common stock and our stock price may decline substantially. 

ITEM 1B: UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

ITEM 2: PROPERTIES 

Description of Property 

The Company s principal executive offices
are located at 1 Controls Drive, Shelton, CT, and include approximately 18,000 square feet of office, laboratory, and cGMP-capable drug
manufacturing space. These facilities are fully owned by the Company. 

We subcontract the laboratory research and development
work to TheraCour under the License Agreement with TheraCour. Management believes that the space is sufficient for the Company to monitor
the developmental progress at its subcontractors. 

ITEM 3: LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

From time to time, we are a party to legal proceedings
arising in the ordinary course of business. We are not currently a party to any other legal proceedings that we believe could have a material
adverse effect on financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM 4: MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

Page 84 of 121 

PART II 

ITEM 5: MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Our Common Stock commenced trading on the NYSE
MKT on September 25, 2013 under the symbol NNVC . The Company s Common Stock, after the Company became a publicly
traded company in May 2005, was initially traded on the Pink Sheets under the symbol NNVC and from June 29, 2007, through September 24,
2013, the Company s Common Stock has been quoted on the Over The Counter Bulletin Board. The table below sets forth the high and
low prices for the Company s Common Stock for the quarters included within the past two fiscal years. Quotations reflect inter-dealer
prices, without retail markup, markdown commission, and may not represent actual transactions. No assurance can be given that an active
market will exist for the Company s common stock and the Company does not expect to declare dividends in the foreseeable future
since the Company intends to utilize its earnings, if any, to finance its future growth, including possible acquisitions. 

Quarter ended 
 Low price 
 High price 
 
 June 30, 2021 
 3.65 
 4.76 
 
 March 31, 2021 
 3.15 
 5.65 
 
 December 31, 2020 
 3.08 
 4.08 
 
 September 30, 2020 
 3.82 
 8.71 

June 30, 2020 
 5.09 
 11.56 
 
 March 31, 2020 
 2.56 
 16.76 
 
 December 31, 2019 
 1.52 
 3.26 
 
 September 30, 2019 
 2.05 
 5.00 

Number of Shareholders. 

As of June 30, 2021, a total of
11,515,170 shares of the Company s common stock are outstanding and held by 155 shareholders of record. This number of
shareholders does not reflect the persons or entities that hold their stock in nominee or street name through various brokerage
firms. Of this amount, approximately 10,176,439 shares are unrestricted, of which, approximately 0 shares are held by affiliates,
approximately 742,796 shares are restricted securities held by non-affiliates, and the remaining approximate 595,935, shares are
restricted securities held by affiliates. These shares may only be sold in accordance with Rule 144. As of June 30, 2021,
there were 9,146 warrants and 5,000 options to purchase the Company s common stock outstanding. 

Dividends. 

The Company has not paid any cash dividends since
its inception. The Company currently intends to retain any earnings for use in its business, and therefore does not anticipate paying
dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Long-Term Incentive Plans Awards in Last Fiscal
Year 

The NanoViricides, Inc. Executive Equity
Incentive Plan (the 2018 Plan was adopted to assist the Company in attracting, motivating, retaining and rewarding high-quality
executives and other employees, officers, directors, consultants and other persons who provide services to us, by enabling such persons
to acquire or increase a proprietary interest in the Company. The 2018 Plan provides for the issuance of stock options, stock appreciation
rights, or SARs, restricted stock, restricted stock units, reload options, and other stock-based awards . Performance
awards may be based on the achievement of certain business or personal criteria or goals, as determined by the Committee. The total number
of shares of our common stock that may be subject to the granting of awards under our 2018 Plan is equal to 250,000 shares and 100,000
shares of our Series A preferred stock. To date, no shares of common stock or Series A preferred stock have been issued under
the 2018 Plan. 

Page 85 of 121 

Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2019 Transactions 

On July 11, 2018 the Board of Directors approved
an extension of the employment agreement with Dr. Anil Diwan, the Company s President. Pursuant to the terms of the employment
agreement, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 26,250 of the Company s Series A preferred stock
to Dr. Anil Diwan. The shares shall be vested in one-third increments on June 30, 2019, June 30, 2020 and June 30,
2021 and are subject to forfeiture. The Company recognized non-cash compensation expense related to the issuance of the Series A
preferred stock of 189,040 for the year ended June 30, 2019. The balance of 371,650 will be recognized as the shares vest and service
is rendered. 

On July 19, 2018, the Company entered into
an Employment Agreement with Dr. Irach Taraporewala as Chief Executive Officer of the Company beginning on September 1, 2018.
Dr. Taraporewala was granted options to purchase up to 15,000 shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share
at an exercise price equal to 20 above the closing bid price of 8.20 of the Common Stock on September 1, 2018 Effective
Date ). The options were to vest in three, equal, annual installments commencing on the effective date. The grant date fair value
of the options was 35,761 of which 11,920 was recognized and recorded as compensation expense for the year ended June 30, 2019.
On January 24, 2019, Dr. Taraporewala resigned as the Chief Executive Officer of NanoViricides, Inc. for personal reasons.
All unvested options were forfeited. 

For the year ended June 30, 2019, the Scientific
Advisory Board was granted fully vested warrants to purchase 2,287 shares of common stock at exercise prices between 6.00- 9.40 per
share expiring in the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023. These warrants were valued at 5,475 and recorded as consulting
expense. 

On February 27, 2019, the Company entered
into a Securities Purchase Agreement with certain institutional investors (the Purchasers ), for a registered direct offering
of 347,223 shares of common stock at the purchase price of 7.20 per share for an aggregate of 2,500,000. 

The offer and sale of the shares in the registered
direct offering was registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), pursuant to the Company s
shelf registration statement on Form S-3, as amended (File No. 333-216345), which became effective on April 25, 2017. Pursuant
to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, the Company has filed a prospectus supplement in connection with such offering. 

In a concurrent private placement, the Purchasers
received warrants (the Warrants to purchase up to 347,223 shares of common stock. The Warrants have an exercise price of
 12.20 per share, shall be exercisable on the six month anniversary of issuance and will expire five (5) years thereafter. The Warrants
are exercisable for cash or, solely in the absence of an effective registration statement or prospectus, by cashless exercise. 

The exercise price of the Warrants is subject
to adjustment in the case of customary events such as stock dividends or other distributions on shares of common stock or any other equity
or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of common stock, stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications or similar events
affecting our common stock, and also, subject to limitations, upon any distribution of assets, including cash, stock or other property
to our stockholders. The exercise of the Warrants is subject to certain beneficial ownership and other limitations set forth in the Warrants.
The Company will receive proceeds from the concurrent private placement transaction solely to the extent the Warrants are exercised for
cash. 

For the year ended June 30, 2019, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 2,888 shares of its Series A preferred stock, which are fully vested with a restrictive
legend for employee compensation. The Company recorded an expense of 48,828, which was the fair value at date of issuance. 

For the year ended June 30, 2019, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 3,572 fully vested shares of its common stock for employee compensation. The Company recognized
a noncash compensation expense of 28,572 which was the fair value on the date of issuance. 

For the year ended June 30, 2019, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 28,210 fully vested shares of its common stock with a restrictive legend for consulting
services. The Company recorded an expense of 208,960, which was the fair value at the dates of issuance. 

Page 86 of 121 

For the year ended June 30, 2019, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 7,325 fully vested shares of its common stock with a restrictive legend for director services.
The Company recorded an expense of 45,000, which was the fair value at date of issuance. 

Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2020 Transactions 

On July 11, 2018 the Board of Directors approved
an extension of the employment agreement with Dr. Anil Diwan, the Company s President. Pursuant to the terms of the employment
agreement, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 26,250 of the Company s Series A preferred stock
to Dr. Anil Diwan. The shares shall be vested in one-third increments on June 30, 2019, June 30, 2020 and June 30,
2021 and are subject to forfeiture. The Company recognized non-cash compensation expense related to the issuance of the Series A
preferred stock of 189,040 for the year ended June 30, 2020. The balance of 182,610 will be recognized as the remaining 8,750 shares
vest and service is rendered for the year ended June 30, 2021. 

For the year ended June 30, 2020, the Scientific
Advisory Board was granted fully vested warrants to purchase 2,286 shares of common stock at exercise prices between 2.63- 12.16 per
share expiring in the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024. These warrants were valued at 7,373 and recorded as consulting
expense. 

On January 21, 2020, the Company entered
into an Underwriting Agreement with Aegis Capital Corp. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Underwriting Agreement, we agreed
to issue and sell 2,500,000 shares of our common stock, par value 0.001 per share, at a price to the public of 3.00 per share. Pursuant
to the Underwriting Agreement, we also granted the underwriter an option to purchase up to an additional 375,000 shares of our common
stock within 45 days after the date of the Underwriting Agreement to cover over-allotments, if any. The Final Prospectus for the
offering was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, on January 23, 2020. 

The offering was consummated on January 25,
2020. The Company sold the Underwritten Shares and the underwriter exercised its option to purchase an additional 375,000 shares of common
stock at the public offering price of 3.00 per share. The net proceeds to the Company after underwriter's commission and agreed
upon customary fees and expenses, and deducting the Company's legal and accounting expenses related to the Offering was 7,457,575. 

On January 24, 2020, the Company entered
into a Binding Term Sheet which was incorporated on January 27, 2020 in a Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release (the Settlement
Agreement with the investor parties (collectively, the Investors to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement
dated as of February 27, 2019 (the Securities Purchase Agreement to settle an action commenced by the Investors to,
among other things, enjoin the Company s previously disclosed underwritten public offering (the Action 

On January 27, 2020, the Company entered
into an Exchange Agreement with each of the Investors pursuant to the Settlement Agreement. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the
Exchange Agreement, the Investors agreed to terminate certain restrictive covenants in the Securities Purchase Agreement, including a
bar on all offerings of securities below the exercise price of the Warrants to purchase common stock issued February 19, 2019 (the
 Old Warrants ), and the Company agreed to exchange 347,222 of the Investors Old Warrants for an aggregate of (i) 677,224
shares of common stock and (ii) new warrants, to purchase 347,222 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 3.00 per share
and expire on August 24, 2024 (the New Warrants ). The common stock issued had a fair value of 5,722,543 using
the closing price of 8.45 on January 24, 2020 resulting in an increase to common stock of 677 and additional paid in capital of
 5,721,866 and the New Warrants had a fair market value of 2,066,425 which was recorded as a derivative liability. The aggregate fair
value of the common stock and New Warrants issued as part of the Exchange Agreement was 7,788,968. The Old Warrants were remeasured to
a fair value of 8,403,468 on January 24, 2020 immediately prior to the exchange. As a result of the Exchange Agreement, a gain on
warrant settlement was recognized in the amount of 614,494 calculated as the difference between the fair value of the Old Warrants immediately
prior to the exchange and the aggregate fair value of the common stock and New Warrants issued in the exchange. On March 16, 2020
the shareholders of NanoViricides authorized an increase in the number of authorized common stock to 150,000,000 shares and the New Warrants
were issued and exercisable. These warrants contained a full-ratchet anti-dilution feature but also contained other adjustment features
which required that the warrants be classified as a derivative liability. 

Page 87 of 121 

The 347,222 New Warrants were exercised on March 23,
2020 and March 25, 2020 pursuant to a cashless exercise provision resulting in the issuance of 180,087 shares of common stock. The
fair value of the warrants were reset to fair value as of March 23, 2020 and March 25, 2020, and, upon exercise of the warrants,
the derivative liability was reclassified to equity of 1,153,881. 

On May 21, 2020,
the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with certain institutional investors for an offering of 1,400,000 shares (the
 Shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share at the purchase price of 7.30 per share. The Shares
were issued pursuant to a prospectus supplement dated May 21, 2020 which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
May 22, 2020 in connection with a takedown from the Company s shelf registration statement on Form S-3, as amended (File
No. 333-237370), which became effective on April 2, 2020 and the base prospectus dated April 2, 2020 contained in that
registration statement. The Offering closed on May 22, 2020. The net proceeds to the Company from the offering are approximately
 9.3 million after placement agent fees and other estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. 

For the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 10,000 fully vested shares of its Series A preferred stock for a loan origination fee to
a related party with a fair value of 39,301, which is the fair value at date of issuance. 

For the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 100,000 fully vested shares of its Series A preferred stock with a fair value of 392,669
in exchange for 250,000 of previously deferred development fees to a related party and recognized a loss on the exchange of 142,669. 

For the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 2,888 shares of its Series A preferred stock, which are fully vested with a restrictive
legend for employee compensation. The Company recorded an expense of 41,857, which was the fair value at date of issuance. 

For the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 3,572 fully vested shares of its common stock for employee compensation. The Company recognized
a noncash compensation expense of 29,251, which was the fair value on the date of issuance. 

For the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 78,958 fully vested shares of its common stock with a restrictive legend for consulting
services. The Company recorded an expense of 254,250, which was the fair value at the dates of issuance. 

For the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 10,728 fully vested shares of its common stock with a restrictive legend for Director services.
The Company recorded an expense of 45,000, which was the fair value at date of issuance. 

For the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 25,667 fully vested shares of its common stock with a restrictive legend to satisfy open
accounts payable of 77,000 for consulting services. The number of shares issued to settle the accounts payable was calculated using the
market price of the common stock on the settlement date. 

For the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized the settlement with a vendor to redeem and cancel 17,200 shares of its common stock with a restrictive legend,
which were initially issued in payment of accounts payable of 25,000. The shares were canceled and reported as reductions of common stock
issued in exchange for accounts payable reported in the Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity as a decrease of 25,000. The
redemption and cancellation had no effect on the results of operations for the year ended June 30, 2020. 

Page 88 of 121 

Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2021 Transactions 

On July 11, 2018 the Board of Directors approved
an extension of the employment agreement with Dr. Anil Diwan, the Company s President. Pursuant to the terms of the employment
agreement, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 26,250 of the Company s Series A preferred stock
to Dr. Anil Diwan. The shares shall be vested in one-third increments on June 30, 2019, June 30, 2020 and June 30,
2021 and are subject to forfeiture. The Company recognized non-cash compensation expense related to the issuance of the Series A
preferred stock of 182,610 for the year ended June 30, 2021. 

For the year ended June 30, 2021, the Scientific
Advisory Board was granted fully vested warrants to purchase 2,288 shares of common stock at exercise prices between 3.94- 6.86 per
share expiring in the fiscal year ending June 30, 2025. The fair value of the warrants was 6,103 for the year ended
June 30, 2021 and was recorded as consulting expense. 

On July 8,
2020 the Company entered into an Underwriting Agreement with Kingswood. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Underwriting
Agreement, the Company agreed to issue and sell 1,369,863 shares of our common
stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Underwritten Shares ), at a price to the public of 7.30 per share. Pursuant to the
Underwriting Agreement, the Company also granted the underwriter an option to purchase
up to an additional 205,479 shares of common stock (together with the Underwritten Shares, the Shares within 45 days after
the date of the Underwriting Agreement to cover over-allotments, if any. The shares were issued pursuant to a prospectus supplement dated
July 8, 2020 which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 9, 2020 in connection with a takedown from
the Company s shelf registration statement on Form S-3, as amended (File No. 333-237370), which became effective on April 2,
2020 and the base prospectus dated April 2, 2020 contained in that registration statement. The offering was consummated on July 10,
2020, whereby the Company sold 1,369,863 shares of common stock and a fully exercised Underwriters overallotment of 205,479 additional
shares at the public offering price of 7.30 per share. The net proceeds to the Company from the offering was approximately 10.4 million
after placement agent fees and other estimated offering expenses. 

On July 31, 2020, the Company entered into
a Sales Agreement with the Sales Agents, pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell, from time to time, through or to the Sales
Agents, shares of common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 50 million. On March 2, 2021, the Company sold 814,242
shares of common stock at an average price of approximately 7.83 per share. The shares were issued pursuant to a prospectus supplement
dated December 3, 2020 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 10, 2020 in connection with the Company s
shelf registration statement on Form S-3, as amended (File No. 333-237370), which became effective on April 2, 2020. The
net proceeds to the Company from the offering was approximately 6.1 million after placement agent fees and other estimated offering expenses. 

For the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 2,888 shares of its Series A preferred stock, which are fully vested with a restrictive
legend for employee compensation. The Company recorded an expense of 43,693, which is the fair value at date of issuance. 

There is currently no market for the shares of
Series A preferred stock and they can only be converted into shares of common stock upon a change of control of the Company as more
fully described in the Certificate of Designation. The Company, therefore, estimated the fair value of the Series A preferred stock
granted to various employees and others on the date of grant. The Series A preferred stock fair value is based on the greater of
i) the converted value to common stock at a ratio of 1:3.5; or ii) the value of the voting rights since the holder would lose the voting
rights upon conversion. The conversion of the shares is triggered by a change of control. 

The Series A preferred stock fair value is
based on the converted value to common stock at a ratio of 1:3.5 multiplied by the monthly average of the daily open and close price of
the common stock. 

For the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 3,572 fully vested shares of its common stock for employee compensation. The Company recognized
a noncash compensation expense of 15,038, which was the fair value on the date of issuance. 

For the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 25,434 fully vested shares of its common stock with a restrictive legend for consulting
services. The Company recorded an expense of 108,000, which was the fair value at the dates of issuance. 

For the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 13,166 fully vested shares of its common stock with a restrictive legend for director services.
The Company recorded an expense of 56,250, which was the fair value at date of issuance. 

Page 89 of 121 

ITEM 6: SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

The selected financial data presented below are
for each fiscal year in the five-year period ended June 30, 2021. This data is derived from, and qualified by reference to, our audited
financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

Statements of Operations Data: 

Year Ended June 30, 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

2017 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

6,114,541 

4,695,524 

5,921,720 

5,913,720 

6,565,966 

General and administrative 

2,629,565 

3,300,935 

2,737,962 

3,411,449 

3,034,758 

Total operating expenses 

8,744,106 

7,996,459 

8,659,682 

9,325,169 

9,600,724 

Loss from operations 

(8,744,106) 

(7,996,459) 

(8,659,682) 

(9,325,169) 

(9,600,724) 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

9,348 

17,079 

55,497 

100,429 

60,955 

Interest expense 

(85,405) 

(93,670) 

Gain on warrant settlement 

- 

614,494 

Loss on issuance of Series A Preferred stock for accounts payable-related party 

- 

(142,669) 

Interest expense on convertible debentures 

(185,274) 

(780,767) 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt 

(1,348,247) 

(332,524 

Discount on convertible debentures 

(359,214) 

(1,347,748) 
 
 Loss on disposal of property and equipment 

(2,026) 

Change in fair value of derivatives 

- 

(5,845,313) 

179,745 

2,554,020 

1,696,318 

Other (expense)income, net 

(78,083) 

(5,450,079) 

235,242 

761,714 

(703,766) 
 
 Loss before income tax provision 

(8,822,189) 

(13,446,538) 

(8,424,440) 

(8,563,455) 

(10,304,490) 
 
 Income tax provision 

Net loss 

(8,822,189) 

(13,446,538) 

(8,424,440) 

(8,563,455) 

(10,304,490) 
 
 NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE- 

- Basic diluted 

(0.81) 

(2.39) 

(2.35) 

(2.64) 

(3.40) 
 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding 

- Basic diluted 

10,900,955 

5,616,728 

3,590,070 

3,246,043 

3,005,143 

Page 90 of 121 

Balance Sheets Data: 

As of June 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 2018 
 2017 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 20,516,677 
 13,708,594 
 2,555,207 
 7,081,771 
 15,099,461 
 
 Working capital 
 20,472,633 
 11,829,280 
 (22,732 
 6,440,080 
 10,624,109 
 
 Total assets 
 30,262,313 
 23,914,339 
 13,448,513 
 18,546,212 
 27,002,814 

Long-term liabilities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 2,015,354 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (114,385,313 
 (105,563,124 
 (92,116,586 
 (83,692,146 
 (75,128,691 
 
 Stockholders equity 
 29,911,167 
 21,757,962 
 10,600,360 
 17,664,264 
 20,321,942 

ITEM 7: MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction
with the information contained in the financial statements of the Company and the notes thereto appearing elsewhere herein and in conjunction
with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2021. Readers should carefully review the risk
factors disclosed in this Form 10-K and other documents filed by the Company with the SEC. 

As used in this report, the terms Company ,
 we , our , us and NNVC refer to NanoViricides, Inc., a Nevada corporation. 

PRELIMINARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These include statements about our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies
for the future, which we indicate by words or phrases such as anticipate, expect, intend, plan, 
 will, we believe, NNVC believes, management believes and similar language. The
forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of NNVC and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions,
including those set forth in the discussion under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations in this report. Actual results may differ materially from results anticipated in these forward-looking statements.
We base the forward-looking statements on information currently available to us, and we assume no obligation to update them. 

Investors are also advised to refer to the information
in our previous filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), especially on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, in which we discuss
in more detail various important factors that could cause actual results to differ from expected or historic results. It is not possible
to foresee or identify all such factors. As such, investors should not consider any list of such factors to be an exhaustive statement
of all risks and uncertainties or potentially inaccurate assumptions. 

Management s Plan of Operation 

The Company s drug development
business model was formed in May 2005 with a license to the patents and intellectual property held by TheraCour that enabled
creation of drugs engineered specifically to combat viral diseases in humans. This exclusive license from TheraCour serves as a
foundation for our intellectual property. The Company was granted a worldwide exclusive license to this technology for several drugs
with specific targeting mechanisms for the treatment of the following human viral diseases: Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV/AIDS),
Hepatitis B Virus (HBV), Hepatitis C Virus (HCV), Rabies, Herpes Simplex Virus (HSV-1 and HSV-2), Influenza and Asian Bird Flu
Virus. The Company entered into an Additional License Agreement with TheraCour granting the Company the exclusive licenses for
technologies developed by TheraCour for the additional virus types: Dengue viruses, Japanese Encephalitis virus, West Nile Virus,
Viruses causing viral Conjunctivitis (a disease of the eye) and Ocular Herpes, and Ebola/Marburg viruses. The Company completed a
license agreement for the field of VZV indications in November 2019 from TheraCour. The Company completed a license agreement
for the field of human Coronavirus indications in September 2021 from TheraCour. TheraCour has not denied any licenses sought by the
Company in the past. 

Page 91 of 121 

The Company discloses the risk that the Company may want to add further
virus types to its drug pipeline as the Company progresses further. The Company would then need to negotiate with TheraCour appropriate
license agreements to include those of such additional viruses that the Company determines it wants to follow for further development.
We are seeking to add to our existing portfolio of products through our internal discovery pre-clinical development programs and through
an in-licensing strategy. 

The licenses granted by TheraCour are for entire
set of pathologies that the licensed virus is a causative agent for. The licenses are not for single drug/indication pairs, which is the
customary mode of licensing in the Pharmaceutical industry. Thus these are very broad licenses and enable NanoViricides to pursue a number
of indications as well as develop drug candidates with different characteristics as is best suited for the indications, without having
to license the resulting drugs for each indication separately, as with normal pharmaceutical industry licensing. 

The Company plans to develop several drugs through
the preclinical studies and clinical trial phases with the goal of eventually obtaining approval from the United States Food and Drug
Administration FDA and International regulatory agencies for these drugs. The Company plans, when appropriate, to seek
regulatory approvals in several international markets, including developed markets such as Europe, Japan, Canada, Australia, and Emerging
Regions such as Southeast Asia, India, China, Central and South America, as well as the African subcontinent. The seeking of these
regulatory approvals would only come when and if one or more of our drugs have significantly advanced through the US FDA and international
regulatory process. If and as these advances occur, the Company may attempt to partner with more established pharmaceutical companies
to advance the various drugs through the approval process. 

The Company intends to perform the regulatory
filings and own all the regulatory licenses for the drugs it is currently developing. The Company will develop these drugs in part via
subcontracts to TheraCour, the exclusive source for these nanomaterials. The Company may manufacture these drugs itself, or under subcontract
arrangements with external manufacturers that carry the appropriate regulatory licenses and have appropriate capabilities. The Company
intends to distribute these drugs via subcontracts with distributor companies or in partnership arrangements. The Company plans to market
these drugs either on its own or in conjunction with marketing partners. The Company also plans to actively pursue co-development, as
well as other licensing agreements with other pharmaceutical companies. Such agreements may entail up-front payments, milestone payments,
royalties, and/or cost sharing, profit sharing and many other instruments that may bring early revenues to the Company. Such licensing
and/or co-development agreements may shape the manufacturing and development options that the Company may pursue. The Company has received
significant interest from certain pharmaceutical companies for potential licensing or co-development of some of our drug candidates. However,
none of these distributor or co-development agreements is in place at the current time. 

There can be no assurance that the Company will
be able to develop effective nanoviricides, or if developed, that we will have sufficient resources to be able to successfully manufacture
and market these products to commence revenue-generating operations. 

There can be no assurance that other developments
in the field would not impact our business plan adversely. For example, successful creation and availability of an effective vaccine may
reduce the potential market size for a particular viral disease, or an effective drug may be developed by competitors that becomes difficult
to compete against with our limited resources. Our goal, which we can give no assurance that we will achieve, is for NanoViricides, Inc.
to become the premier company developing highly safe and effective drugs that employ an integrated multiplicity of actions as enabled
by our nanomedicine approach for anti-viral therapy. 

Page 92 of 121 

To date, we have engaged in organizational activities;
developing and sourcing compounds and preparing nano-materials; and experimentation involving preclinical studies using cell cultures
and animal models of efficacy and safety. We have generated funding through the issuances of debt and the sales of securities under our
shelf registration and the private placement of common stock See, Item 5). The Company does not currently have any long-term
debt. We have not generated any revenues and we do not expect to generate revenues in the near future. We may not be successful in developing
our drugs and start selling our products when planned, or we may not become profitable in the future. We have incurred net losses in each
fiscal period since inception of our operations. 

Current Financial Status 

NanoViricides technology is now maturing rapidly
toward clinical drug trials, with the new facility, expanded staff, and the financial strength that we have attained since uplisting to
NYSE-MKT (now NYSE American) in September 2013. 

As of June 30, 2021, the end of the reporting
period, we had 20,516,677 in cash and cash equivalents, prepaid expenses of 307,102 and 9,084,901 of property and equipment, net of
accumulated depreciation. Our liabilities at June 30, 2021 are 351,146 including a short term loan payable of 95,306 payable to BankDirect,
accounts payable of 200,016 payable to third parties and accounts payable to TheraCour of 31,539. Stockholders equity was 29,911,167
at June 30, 2021. In comparison, as of June 30, 2020, we had 13,708,594 in cash and cash equivalents, prepaid expenses of 277,063
and property and equipment was 9,544,431, net of accumulated depreciation. Our liabilities at June 30, 2020 were 2,156,377, accounts
payable of 380,727 payable to third parties, and accounts payable to TheraCour of 561,580 of which 200,000 is deferred until an IND
filing. Stockholders equity was 21,757,962 at June 30, 2020. 

During the year ended June 30, 2021, we spent
approximately 8.2 million in cash toward operating activities and approximately 239,000 in capital investment. In contrast, we spent
approximately 6.7 million in cash toward operating activities and approximately 8,600 in capital investment in the year ended June 30,
2020. We anticipate capital costs of approximately 200,000 in the next twelve months. 

As of June 30, 2021, we have a cash and cash
equivalent balance of 20,516,677 that is expected to be sufficient to fund our currently budgeted operations for more than one year from
the filing of the Company s Form 10K. Additionally, o n July 8, 2020, the Company
entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement with Kingswood Capital Markets, a Division of Benchmark
Investments, Inc. Kingswood ). The offering was consummated on July 10, 2020, whereby the Company sold 1,369,863 shares
of Common Stock and a fully exercised Underwriters over-allotment option of 205,479 additional shares the public offering price
of 7.30 per share. No warrants were issued in this Offering. The net proceeds to the Company from the offering was approximately 10.4
million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. 

Page 93 of 121 

On July 31, 2020, the Company entered into
an At Market Issuance Sales Agreement (the Sales Agreement with B. Riley Securities, Inc. and Kingswood Capital
Markets, a division of Benchmark Investments, Inc. (each a Sales Agent and collectively, the Sales
Agents ), pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell, from time to time, through or to the Sales Agents, shares of
Common Stock (the Placement Shares ), having an aggregate offering price of up to 50 million (the ATM
Offering ). Sales pursuant to the Sales Agreement will be made only upon instructions by the Company to the Sales Agents, and
the Company cannot provide any assurances that it will issue any Shares pursuant to the Sales Agreement. Actual sales will depend on
a variety of factors to be determined by the Company from time to time, including (among others) market conditions, the trading
price of the Company s Common Stock, capital needs and determinations by the Company of the appropriate sources of funding for
the Company. The Company is not obligated to make any sales of Common Stock under the Sales Agreement and the Company cannot provide
any assurances that it will issue any shares pursuant to the Sales Agreement. The Company will pay a commission rate of up to 3.5 
of the gross sales price per share sold and agreed to reimburse the Sales Agents for certain specified expenses, including the fees
and disbursements of its legal counsel in an amount not to exceed 50,000 and have agreed to reimburse the Sales Agents an amount
not to exceed 2,500 per quarter during the term of the Sales Agreement for legal fees to be incurred by the Sales Agents. The
Company has also agreed pursuant to the Sales Agreement to provide each Sales Agent with customary indemnification and contribution
rights. 

On March 2, 2021 the Company sold 814,242 shares
of common stock at an average price of approximately 7.83 per share under the sales agreement with B. Riley Securities, Inc. The net
proceeds to the Company from the offering was approximately 6.1 million after placement agent fees and other estimated offering expenses. 

The Company has an accumulated deficit at June 30,
2021 of approximately 114.4 million and a net loss of approximately 8.8 million and net cash used in operating activities of approximately
 8.2 million for the fiscal year then ended. In addition, the Company has not generated any revenues and no revenues are anticipated in
the foreseeable future. Since May 2005, the Company has been engaged exclusively in research and development activities focused on
developing targeted antiviral drugs. The Company has not yet commenced any product commercialization. Such losses are expected to continue
for the foreseeable future and until such time, if ever, as the Company is able to attain sales levels sufficient to support its operations.
As of June 30, 2021, the Company had available cash and cash equivalents of approximately 20.5 million. The Company believes that
it has several important milestones that it will be achieving in the ensuing year. Management believes that as it achieves these milestones,
the Company s ability to raise additional funds in the public markets would be enhanced. 

Management believes that the Company s existing
resources will be sufficient to fund the Company s planned operations and expenditures through October 2022. However, the Company
cannot provide assurance that its plans will not change or that changed circumstances will not result in the depletion of its capital
resources more rapidly than it currently anticipates. The accompanying audited financial statements do not include any adjustments that
may result from the outcome of such unidentified uncertainties. 

Page 94 of 121 

Results of Operations 

The Company is a biopharmaceutical company and
does not have any revenue for the years ended June 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. 

Comparison of the Year End June 30,
2021 to the Year Ended June 30, 2020 

Revenues - The Company is a non-revenue
producing entity. 

Operating Expenses - Research and
development expenses for the year ended June 30, 2021 increased 1,419,017 to 6,114,541 from 4,695,524 for the year ended June 30,
2020. This year-to-year increase is generally attributable to increases in lab supplies and chemicals, employee compensation expenses
and lab fees for pre IND studies. General and administrative expenses decreased 671,370 to 2,629,565 for the year ended June 30,
2021 from 3,300,935 for the year ended June 30, 2020. The decrease in general and administrative expenses is generally attributable
to decreases in legal and professional expenses and office salaries. 

Interest Income - Interest income
was 9,348 and 17,079 for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Interest income decreased due to lower interest
rates for the majority of the year ended June 30, 2021. 

Interest
Expense - The Company has incurred interest expense of 85,405 and 93,670 for the years ended June 30, 2021 and June 30,
2020 respectively. The decrease results from the payoff of a mortgage loan in December, 2020, offset by an increase in interest paid on
a short term loan payable. 

Income Taxes - There is no provision
for income taxes due to ongoing operating losses. As of June 30, 2021, we had estimated cumulative tax benefits and development tax
credits and other deferred tax credits resulting in a deferred tax asset of 35,266,699. This amount has been offset by a full valuation
allowance. 

Page 95 of 121 

Net Loss - For the year ended June 30,
2021, the Company had a net loss of 8,822,189, or a basic and fully diluted loss per share of 0.81 compared to a net loss of 13,446,538,
or a basic and fully diluted loss per share of 2.39 for the year ended June 30, 2020. The decrease in the Company s net
loss for the year ended June 30, 2021 from the year ended June 30, 2020 of 4,624,349 is generally attributable to the change
in fair value of derivatives and a loss on issuance of Series A shares for accounts payable-related party in the year ended June
30, 2020 offset by an increase in research and development costs in the year ended June 30, 2021. 

Comparison of the Year End June 30,
2020 to the Year Ended June 30, 2019 

Revenues - The Company is a
non-revenue producing entity. 

Operating Expenses - Research
and development expenses for the year ended June 30, 2020 decreased 1,226,196 to 4,695,524 from 5,921,720 for the year ended June 30,
2019. This year-to-year decrease is generally attributable to a decrease in lab supplies and chemicals, and a decrease in employee compensation
expenses and by a decrease in lab fees for pre IND studies. General and administrative expenses increased 562,973 to 3,300,935 for the
year ended June 30, 2020 from 2,737,962 for the year ended June 30, 2019. The increase in general and administrative expenses
is generally attributable to an increase in legal and professional expenses offset by a decrease in salary and stock compensation paid
to retired executive officers and to employees other than research scientists and a decrease in consultants costs unrelated to research
and development. 

Interest Income - Interest
income was 17,079 and 55,497 for the years ended June 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Interest income decreased due to lower cash
and cash equivalents for the majority of the year ended June 30, 2020 as well as lower interest rates. 

Interest Expense- The Company
has incurred interest expense of 93,670 and 0 for the years ended June 30, 2020 and June 30, 2019, respectively. The increase
is as a result of interest paid on the mortgage note, amortization of the mortgage loan origination fee, and interest paid on a short
term loan payable. 

Loss
on issuance of Series A preferred stock for accounts payable related party Loss of 142,669 for the
year ended June 30, 2020 represents the difference on the exchange of 100,000 shares of Series A preferred stock with a fair value of
 392,669 for 250,000 of previously deferred development fees owed to TheraCour s. 

Gain on Warrant Settlement- For
the year ended June 30, 2020, the gain on warrant settlement resulted from an Exchange Agreement with certain Investors pursuant
to a Settlement Agreement with the same investors. The Investors exchanged 347,222 old warrants for 647,224 shares of common stock and
347,222 new warrants. The aggregate fair value of the common stock and New Warrants issued as part of the Exchange Agreement was 7,788,968.
The Old Warrants were remeasured to a fair value of 8,403,462 on January 24, 2020 immediately prior to the exchange. As a result
of the Exchange Agreement, a gain on warrant settlement was recognized in the amount of 614,494 calculated as the difference between
the fair value of the Old Warrants immediately prior to the exchange and the aggregate fair value of the common stock and New Warrants
issued in the exchange. 

Change in fair value of derivative -
Change in fair value of derivative for the year ended June 30, 2020 decreased 6,025,058 to 5,845,313) from 179,745 for the year
ended June 30, 2019. For the year ended June 30, 2020, the change in fair value of derivatives resulted from an Exchange Agreement
with certain Investors pursuant to a Settlement Agreement with the same investors. For the year ended June 30, 2019, the change in
the fair value of derivative liabilities was calculated primarily on the change in fair value of 5.5 year warrants issued on February 27,
2019. 

Page 96 of 121 

Income Taxes - There is
no provision for income taxes due to ongoing operating losses. As of June 30, 2020, we had estimated cumulative tax benefits and
development tax credits and other deferred tax credits resulting in a deferred tax asset of 35,089,911. This amount has been offset by
a full valuation allowance. 

Net Loss - For the year ended
June 30, 2020, the Company had a net loss of 13,446,538, or a basic and fully diluted loss per share of 2.39 compared to a net
loss of 8,424,440, or a basic and fully diluted loss per share of 2.35 for the year ended June 30, 2019. The increase in the Company s
net loss for the year ended June 30, 2020 from the year ended June 30, 2019 of 5,022,098 is generally attributable to the change
in fair value of derivatives, and an increase in general and administrative expenses, offset by a decrease in research and development
costs. 

Liquidity and Capital Reserves 

The
Company had cash and cash equivalents of 20,516,677 and 13,708,594 as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. On the same dates,
current liabilities outstanding totaled 351,146 and 2,156,377, respectively. As of June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, total
current liabilities included short term loan payable of 95,306 and 62,843, respectively 

Page 97 of 121 

Since inception, the Company has expended substantial
resources on research and development. Consequently, we have sustained substantial losses. The Company has an accumulated deficit of 114,385,313
and 105,563,124 at June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

The Company anticipates
several important milestones that it will be achieving in the ensuing year. Management believes that as it achieves these milestones,
the Company s ability to raise additional funds in the public markets would be enhanced. 

Management believes that the Company s existing
resources will be sufficient to fund the Company s planned operations and expenditures through October, 2022. However, the Company
cannot provide assurance that its plans will not change or that changed circumstances will not result in the depletion of its capital
resources more rapidly than it currently anticipates. The accompanying audited financial statements do not include any adjustments that
may result from the outcome of such unidentified uncertainties. 

As of June 30,
2021, we have a cash and cash equivalent balance of 20,516,677 that is expected to be sufficient to fund our currently budgeted
operations for more than one year from the filing of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10K. Additionally, on July
31, 2020, the Company entered into an At Market Issuance Sales Agreement (the Sales Agreement with B. Riley
Securities, Inc. and Kingswood Capital Markets, a division of Benchmark Investments, Inc. (collectively, the Sales
Agents ). Sales pursuant to the Sales Agreement will be made only upon instructions by the Company to the Sales Agents, and
the Company cannot provide any assurances that it will issue any Shares pursuant to the Sales Agreement. Actual sales will depend on
a variety of factors to be determined by the Company from time to time, including (among others) market conditions, the trading
price of the Company s common stock, capital needs and determinations by the Company of the appropriate sources of funding for
the Company. The Company is not obligated to make any sales of common stock under the Sales Agreement and the Company cannot provide
any assurances that it will issue any shares pursuant to the Sales Agreement. On March 2, 2021 the Company sold 814,242 shares
of common stock at an average price of 7.83 under the Sales Agreement with B. Riley Securities, Inc. The net proceeds to the
Company from the offering was approximately 6.1 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering
expenses. 

Research and Development Costs 

The Company does not maintain separate accounting
line items for each project in development. The Company maintains aggregate expense records for all research and development conducted.
Because at this time all of the Company s projects share a common core material, the Company allocates expenses across all projects
at each period-end for purposes of providing accounting basis for each project. Project costs are allocated based upon labor hours performed
for each project. 

The Company has signed several cooperative research
and development agreements with different agencies and institutions. 

The Company expects to enter into additional cooperative
agreements with other governmental and non-governmental, academic, or commercial, agencies, institutions, and companies. There can be
no assurance that a final agreement may be achieved and that the Company will execute any of these agreements. However, should any of
these agreements materialize, the Company will implement a system to track these costs by project and account for these projects as customer-sponsored
activities and show these project costs separately. 

The following Table 4 summarizes the primary components
of our research and development expenses as allocated, during the periods presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Page 98 of 121 

Table 4: R D Cost Allocations 

Year Ended June 30, 2021 
 Year Ended June 30, 2020 
 Year Ended June 30, 2019 
 
 HerpeCide Program. Herpes Simplex virus infections (HSV-1, HSV-2) and VZV Indications: Cold Sores, Genital Ulcers, Shingles and ARN 
 550,000 
 1,131,724 
 5,601,720 
 
 Covid -19 
 5,564,541 
 3,563,800 
 - 
 
 All Influenzas: FluCide 
 - 
 - 
 150,000 
 
 HIV-Cide 
 - 
 - 
 20,000 
 
 EKC-Cide , other Eye Viral Infections 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Dengue 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Other (Ebola, and other projects) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Unallocated stock compensation 
 - 
 - 
 150,000 
 
 Total 
 6,114,541 
 4,695,524 
 5,921,720 

Anticipated Budgets and Expenditures in the Near Future 

The Company has ended the year on a reasonable financial footing by
controlling costs and expenditures. We project that our current available financing is sufficient for accomplishing the goal of filing
one IND or equivalent regulatory applications and executing initial human trials. We will need additional financing to execute on our
business plan and to complete human clinical trials of our drug candidates into drug approval. Our Coronavirus drug candidate has completed
IND-enabling studies, and is expected to rapidly move into human clinical studies in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Our Shingles Skin
Cream, has completed IND-enabling studies, and we intend to file an IND for this drug once the COVID-19 situation abates. At present,
we are working on the scale up of manufacturing of these drug candidates in a manner that will be compliant with US FDA cGMP and corresponding
ICH guidelines. We intend to request a pre-IND meeting with the USFDA for the Coronavirus drug candidate at an appropriate time, as we
develop the dataset for this discussion. A pre-IND meeting will help us determine the level of detail needed in the cGLP Safety/Toxicology
study required for the IND application, and also to refine our human clinical trials design. We anticipate that these drug candidates
will move forward into IND or equivalent regulatory filings, and ensuing human clinical trials. As these drug candidates are advancing
into the clinic, we believe that our additional drug candidates, including two or more drug candidates in the HerpeCide program will also
move forward into IND-enabling studies. We intend to further re-engage our FluCide and HIVCide drug development programs once we have
established our platform technology with the Coronavirus and HerpeCide program drug candidates. We are thus poised for strong growth with
a number of drug candidates in a number of disease indications. 

Financings 

Management engaged in efforts to raise financing
in September 2019. On September 24, 2019, the Company effected a reverse stock split of its outstanding shares of common stock and shares
of preferred stock at a ratio of one for twenty (the Reverse Stock Split ). The Reverse Stock split, which was approved by
the Company s Board of Directors under authority granted under the laws of the State of Nevada, was consummated pursuant to a Certificate
of Amendment filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on September 23, 2019. 

On December 16, 2019, the Company entered into an Open End Mortgage
Note (the Note with Dr. Anil Diwan, the Company s founder, Chairman and President, to loan the Company up to 2,000,000
in two tranches of 1,000,000 (the Loan ). The Note bore interest at a rate of 12 per annum and was secured by a mortgage
granted against the Company s headquarters. Dr. Anil Diwan received 10,000 shares of the Company s Series A preferred stock
as a loan origination fee. As of June 30, 2020, the Company had drawn down 1.1 million on this loan. On April 30, 2020, the Company and
Dr. Diwan have mutually agreed to extend the maturity date of the note, at the Company s option, to May 15, 2021, with the rest
of the terms remaining the same. On December 16, 2020 the Company repaid the mortgage loan. 

Page 99 of 121 

On December 17, 2019, the Company entered into
a Deferred Expense Exchange Agreement with TheraCour, whereby the Company and TheraCour agreed to exchange 100,000 shares of Series A
preferred stock with a fair value of 392,669 for 250,000 previously deferred development fees owed to TheraCour. The Company recognized
a loss on the exchange of 142,669. Dr. Diwan is principal shareholder of TheraCour. 

On January 24, 2020, the Company announced
in a press release that it had completed an underwritten public offering (the Offering with gross proceeds of 8,625,000
before deducting underwriting discounts and other estimated offering expenses. The Offering included 2,500,000 shares of the Company s
common stock, and 375,000 additional shares from the exercise of the underwriter s option to purchase to cover over-allotments at
the public offering price of 3.00 per share. No warrants were issued in this Offering. The net proceeds to the Company After deducting
offering costs was 7,457,575. 

On May 26, 2020, the Company announced in
a press release that it had raised 10,220,000 in gross proceeds from the sale of 1,400,000, shares of common stock, at a price of 7.30
per share, in a previously announced registered direct offering (the May Offering ). No warrants were issued in this May
Offering. The net proceeds to the Company were approximately 9,219,400 after deducting placement agent fees and other costs. The
May Offering closed on May 22, 2020. 

Page 100 of 121 

On July 8, 2020, , the Company entered into an
underwriting offering with Kingswood Capital Markets, a Division of Benchmark Investments, Inc. Kingswood ). The offering
was consummated on July 10, 2020, whereby the Company sold 1,369,863 shares of Common Stock and a fully exercised Underwriters 
over-allotment option of 205,479 additional shares the public offering price of 7.30 per share. No warrants were issued in this Offering.
The net proceeds to the Company from the offering was approximately 10.4 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions
and other estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. 

Additionally, on July
31, 2020, the Company entered into an At Market Issuance Sales Agreement (the Sales Agreement with B. Riley Securities,
Inc. and Kingswood Capital Markets, a division of Benchmark Investments, Inc. (each a Sales Agent and collectively, the
 Sales Agents ), pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell, from time to time, through or to the Sales Agents, shares
of Common Stock (the Placement Shares ), having an aggregate offering price of up to 50 million (the ATM Offering ).
Sales pursuant to the Sales Agreement will be made only upon instructions by the Company to the Sales Agents, and the Company cannot provide
any assurances that it will issue any Shares pursuant to the Sales Agreement. Actual sales will depend on a variety of factors to be determined
by the Company from time to time, including (among others) market conditions, the trading price of the Company s common stock, capital
needs and determinations by the Company of the appropriate sources of funding for the Company. The Company is not obligated to make any
sales of common stock under the Sales Agreement and the Company cannot provide any assurances that it will issue any shares pursuant to
the Sales Agreement. On March 2, 2021 the Company sold 814,242 shares of common stock at an average price of 7.83 under the Sales
Agreement with B. Riley Securities, Inc. The net proceeds to the Company from the offering was approximately 6.1 million after deducting
underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses. 

The Company thus believes that it is in a strong
financial position now and can undertake the COVID-19 clinical program, and also, when opportune, reengage the NV-HHV-101 clinical program.
The Company also believes that additional non-dilutive financing will be available under the COVID-19 program upon advancing it further
toward or into human clinical trials. The Company also believes that due to the pandemic, it will be possible to rapidly take our anti-coronavirus
drug into human clinical trials under the COVID-19 regulatory pathways of the US FDA or other regulatory authorities. 

Requirement for Additional Capital 

As of June 30, 2021, we had a cash and cash
equivalent balance of 20,516,677 that is expected to be sufficient to fund our currently budgeted operations for more than one year from
the filing of the Company s Form 10-K. 

The Company believes that our cash and cash equivalent
balance and the proceeds from the ATM offerings will provide sufficient funds for us to continue our operations beyond October, 2022 and
to be able to advance at least one of its drug candidates into human clinical trial stage with the available cash. The Company estimates
that it will need additional funding to continue further development of its drug candidates through later stages of human clinical trials
if it does not form a collaborative licensing or partnership agreement with a party that would provide such funding such as Big
Pharma. 

Based on our current rate of expenditures and
anticipated changes, we have estimated a total cash expenditure budget of approximately 15.2 million from October 2021 through October
2022, of which approximately 11.2 million is expected to go towards research and development for our drug candidates, including IND-enabling
studies and anticipated human critical trial of our antiviral treatment for COVID, and approximately 4.0 million is budgeted for general
and administrative expenses. 

Page 101 of 121 

These anticipated expenses for the subsequent one year period commencing
about October 2021 can be summarized as follows: 

1. 
 Planned Research and Development Costs of 5,000,000: Planned costs for in vivo and in vitro studies for the Coronavirus program indications, the VZV (Shingles) drug development program, and other indications in HerpeCide program, indications in FluCide program, Eye Nanoviricide, DengueCide, and HIVCide, and Other programs (see Table 2). This includes staffing costs of approximately 2,500,000, for the scientific staff and consulting firms to assist with FDA compliance, material characterization, pharmaco-kinetic, pharmaco-dynamic and toxicology studies, and other items related to FDA compliance, as required for development of necessary data for filing an Investigational New Drug with the United States Food and Drug Administration. 

2. 
 Clinical Trial Manufactured Batch of Drug Product approximately 2,000,000 for Phase 1 and 2a for the first Coronavirus (COVID-19) program drug candidate. 

3. 
 Anticipated Clinical Trial Costs for the COVID-19 drug candidate of approximately 5,000,000 for Phase 1 and 2a. We anticipate that these clinical trials will be designed with the goal of an emergency use approval during the current pandemic provided it continues to persist. We may need to modify the program to seek full-fledged approval for our broad-spectrum coronavirus drug candidate if the pandemic is resolved by the time we are completing Phase 2a human clinical trials of this drug candidate. 

4. 
 Corporate overhead of 3,000,000: This amount includes budgeted office salaries, legal, accounting, investor relations, public relations, business development, and other costs expected to be incurred by being a public reporting company. 

5. 
 Capital costs of 200,000: This is the estimated cost for additional equipment and laboratory improvements. 

We estimate that beyond the current budgetary
one-year period ending October 15, 2022, to the period ending October 15, 2023 human clinical development of the Skin Cream for Topical
Treatment of Shingles, for further clinical studies towards full-fledged approval of our Coronavirus drug candidate as may be necessary,
and for developing additional drug indications based on the Shingles skin cream candidate, NV-HHV-101, in the HerpeCide program, we 
may need approximately an additional 13 million, or approximately 13 million more than our current cash reserves. The additional funds
will be needed to pay additional, subcontract costs related to the expansion and further development of our drug pipeline, for human clinical
trials, and for additional capital and operational expenditures 

These anticipated additional expenses for the
two-year period commencing October 16, 2022 can be summarized as follows: 

1. 
 Planned Research and Development Costs of 10,000,000: Planned costs for additional indications in HerpeCide program, indications in FluCide program, Eye Nanoviricide, DengueCide, and HIVCide, and Other programs (see Table 2). This includes staffing costs of approximately 5,000,000, for the scientific staff and consulting firms to assist with FDA compliance, material characterization, pharmaco-kinetic, pharmaco-dynamic and toxicology studies, and other items related to FDA compliance, as required for development of necessary data for filing an Investigational New Drug with the United States Food and Drug Administration. 

2. 
 Clinical Trial Manufactured Batch of Drug Product approximately 4,000,000 for Phase 2b and 3 for the Coronavirus program candidate, and 1,000,000 for Phase 1 and 2a for the VZV Shingles program drug candidate. 

3. 
 Clinical Trials Costs budgeted as follows: anticipated Phase 2b and 3 Clinical Trial Costs for the Covid-19 of approximately 10,000,000, and 1,000,000 for the Phase 1 and 2a clinical trials for the skin cream for Shingles for the Skin Cream for Shingles. 

4. 
 Corporate overhead of 5,000,000. 

Page 102 of 121 

5. 
 Capital costs for laboratory and pilot manufacturing equipment of 2,000,000. 

6. 
 As our programs mature and as we are able to move additional drug candidates into human clinical trials we will continue to require additional funding for such activities. As a rule of thumb, we estimate that, for each drug candidate that goes into clinical trials, if Phase I and Phase II are successful, we anticipate approximately 10 million for Phase III human clinical trials for that drug candidate to enable us to file a New Drug Application (NDA) with the US FDA for obtaining marketing approval. These estimates are based on rough quotes from potential investigators, and assumptions relative to additional costs. These estimates assume that our drug candidates are highly effective and therefore would require relatively few patients in each arm of the each trial in order to establish statistically significant results. 

We believe that as we become a clinical stage
company, and as our programs mature towards FDA approval, the Company s market capitalization should improve substantially, based
on market capitalizations of comparable public companies in clinical stages. If so, we believe that we will be able to raise the additional
necessary funds through public financings as needed. We believe that our coronavirus program is maturing rapidly towards human clinical
trials, and if we are successful in achieving an emergency use approval for a coronavirus drug candidate, we may be able to generate substantial
revenues during the current pandemic using our existing cGMP-capable manufacturing capacity itself. 

We believe we have sufficient funding to
take our Coronavirus drug candidate into initial human clinical trials. We will need to raise additional funds to take NV-HHV-101
and additional Topical HerpeCide drug candidate indications into an IND application stage. There is no assurance that the Company
will be successful in obtaining sufficient financing on terms acceptable to the Company to fund these programs. Management believes
that as a result of the management plan, the Company s existing resources and access to the capital markets will permit
the Company to fund planned operations and expenditures. However, the Company cannot provide assurance that its plans will not
change or that changed circumstances will not result in the depletion of its capital resources more rapidly than it currently
anticipates. 

The Company has limited experience with pharmaceutical
drug development. Thus, our budget estimates are not based on experience, but rather based on advice given by our associates and consultants.
As such these budget estimates may not be accurate. In addition, the actual work to be performed is not known at this time, other than
a broad outline, as is normal with any scientific work. As further work is performed, additional work may become necessary or change in
plans or workload may occur. Such changes may have an adverse impact on our estimated budget. Such changes may also have an adverse impact
on our projected timeline of drug development. 

We believe that the coming year s work plan will lead us to obtain
certain information about the safety and efficacy of some of the drugs under development in animal models and very likely, our coronavirus
drug candidate in human clinical trials. If our studies are not successful, we will have to develop additional drug candidates and perform
further studies. If our studies are successful, then we expect to be able to undertake further studies in animal models to obtain necessary
data regarding the pharmaco-kinetic and pharmaco-dynamic profiles and further human clinical studies, expanding into Phase 2b, and Phase
3 human clinical trials of our drug candidates. 

Page 103 of 121 

Our strategy is to minimize capital expenditure.
We therefore rely on third party collaborations for the testing of our drug candidates. We continue to engage with our previous collaborators. 

Our animal efficacy studies as well as safety/toxicology
studies are performed by third parties. We opt into drug developments against specific disease indications for which we have appropriate
partners that can perform the necessary cell culture and animal efficacy studies. 

The Company reports summaries of its studies as
the data becomes available to the Company, after analyzing and verifying same, in its press releases. The studies of biological testing
of materials provide information that is relatively easy to understand and therefore readily reported. In addition, we continue to engage
in substantial work that is needed for the optimization of synthesis routes and for the chemical characterization of the nanoviricide
drug candidates. We also continue to work on improving the drug candidates and the virus binding ligands where necessary. We continue
to work on creating the information needed for the development of controlled chemical synthesis procedures that is vital for developing
c-GMP manufacturing processes. 

We cannot accurately project the timeline of when
we would be able to take a drug candidate into clinical studies, nor can we predict when we may be able to achieve our first drug approval,
if any. As such we do not provide any guidance on expected timelines. The Company has no experience in having taken a single drug through
the US FDA or any international drug approval process as of now. As such, we may not be able to estimate the time or cost of these studies
accurately. However, we try to do our best by using expert consultants and preparing reasonable estimates based on quotations from various
contract research organizations. 

Our timelines depend upon several assumptions,
many of which are outside the control of the Company, and thus are subject to delays. 

Management intends to use capital and debt financing,
as required, to fund the Company s operations. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain the additional
capital resources. 

The Company is considered to be a development
stage company and will continue in the development stage until it generates revenues from the sales of its products or services. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have not entered into any off-balance sheet
arrangements during the year ended June 30, 2021. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 

Accounting for Stock Based Compensation 
 The Company follows the provisions of ASC 718 Stock Compensation , which requires the measurement of compensation
expense for all shared-based payment awards made to employees, non-employee directors, and non-employees including employee stock options.
Shared-based compensation expense is based on the grant date fair value estimated in accordance with the provisions of ASC 718 and is
generally recognized as an expense over the requisite service period, net of forfeitures. 

Page 104 of 121 

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

The Company considers the applicability and Impact of all Accounting
Standard Updates ASU s ). There were no recent ASU s that are expected to have a material impact on the Company s
balance sheets or statements of operations. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

The Company is not exposed to market risk related
to interest rates on foreign currencies. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

The information required by Item 8 appears after
the signature page to this report. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file
or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and
forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation,
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file under the Exchange Act
is accumulated and communicated to our management including our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management
recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving
the desired control objectives. Due to the inherent limitation of controls systems, not all misstatements may be detected. These inherent
limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error
or mistakes. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or
by management override of the control. Controls and procedures can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the above objectives
have been met. 

Page 105 of 121 

As of June 30, 2021, an evaluation was carried
out under the supervision and with the participation of our management, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Based on this evaluation,
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are
not effective as of June 30, 2021 due to a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting described below. 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under
the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness, as of June 30, 2021, of our internal control over financial reporting based
on the framework in 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. Based on our evaluation under this framework, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting
was not effective as of June 30, 2021 due to the material weakness described below: 

Management did not maintain effective
procedures pertaining to the review of the 10-K. The material weakness resulted from the lack of timely and effective review of the
Company s period-end closing process and adequate personnel and resources. Specifically, the Company has not established
procedures for thorough review by management, on a timely basis, of Form 10-K and other filings. Management s
responsibility is to oversee that the Company is capable of developing accurate and timely financial information. The Company must
continue to reinforce additional procedures ensuring that Form 10-K as well as other required filings are done on a timely and
accurate basis. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Other than what was described below, there were no material changes
in our system of internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) during
the quarter ended June 30, 2021 that has materially affected, or is likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
However, as noted below, we have begun to implement changes in our internal control over financial reporting to address the material weakness
described above. 

Remediation Plan 

The Company has established a financial reporting
controls committee comprised of members of senior management and a member of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. The committee
will provide oversight to the Company s efforts for ensuring appropriate internal control over financial reporting including, but
not limited to, remediation of the aforesaid material weakness and identifying and testing for potential internal control weakness in
the financial reporting process to assure reliability and accuracy. Management believes the foregoing efforts will effectively remediate
the material weakness identified above. As we continue to evaluate and work to improve our internal control over financial reporting,
management may execute additional measures to address potential control deficiencies or modify the remediation plan described above and
will continue to review and make necessary changes to the overall design of our internal controls. 

Page 106 of 121 

I TEM
9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS,
PROMOTERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The following table sets forth the names and ages
of our current directors and executive officers, their principal offices and positions and the date each such person became a director
or executive officer. Each executive officer holds the office until he/she resigns, is removed by the Board or his/her successor is appointed
by the Board upon appropriate due diligence. Directors are elected biannually by our stockholders at the annual meeting. Each director
holds his/her office until the successor is elected and qualified or his/her earlier resignation or removal. 

The following persons are the directors and executive
officers of our company: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 

Anil Diwan, PhD. 
 
 63 
 
 President; Chairman of the Board and CEO 
 
 Stanley Glick, CPA 
 
 85 
 
 Director, Independent 
 
 Makarand Mak Jawadekar 
 
 70 
 
 Director, Independent 
 
 Theodore Edward Todd Rokita 
 
 51 
 
 Director, Independent 
 
 Brian Zucker 
 
 59 
 
 Director, Independent 
 
 Meeta Vyas 
 
 63 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

The Company s directors are elected biannually
and serve until their term expires, and may be re-elected for an additional term at the annual meeting of shareholders. The executive
officers that become members of the Board of Directors are elected via biennial election and serve as director through the term, and may
be re-elected for an additional term at the annual meeting of shareholders. 

Anil Diwan, PhD, age 63, has been
President and the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company since consummation of the merger on June 1, 2005. Dr. Diwan
simultaneously therewith and since its formation, has also served as the Chief Executive Officer and Director of AllExcel, Inc. (from
1995 to the present) and TheraCour Pharma, Inc. (from 2004 to the present) and is the original inventor of the technologies licensed
to NanoViricides Inc., as well as the TheraCour polymeric micelle technologies and products based on them. Since 1992, he has researched
and developed TheraCour nanomaterials. Dr. Diwan was the first to propose the development of novel pendant polymers for drug delivery
that led to an explosion of research in pharmacological applications of polymeric micelles. Dr. Diwan has won over 12 NIH SBIR grants.
Dr. Diwan holds several issued patents, and three PCT international patent applications in various stages of prosecution in a number
of countries, and also has several additional patentable discoveries. Dr. Diwan has held several scholastic distinctions, including
an All-India 9th rank on the Joint Entrance Examination of all IIT s. He holds a Ph.D. in Biochemical Engineering from Rice University
(1986) and B.S. in Chemical Engineering from Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Bombay (1980). We concluded Dr. Diwan s experience
plus his status as creator of the Company s technologies render him uniquely qualified to serve in these capacities. 

Stanley Glick, CPA, age 85, was
appointed as an independent Director and as chair of the Audit Committee of the Company on June 22, 2013. Mr. Glick has
over forty years of experience in his long career of providing auditing, accounting, tax, and management advisory services, to
clients in various industries. Mr. Glick has been a member of several Boards of Directors for not-for-profit organizations in
the Westport, CT area. In particular, he has served as a Director and member of Audit Committee of A Better Chance of
Westport, CT, from 2000 to 2005. From 1977 until present, Mr. Glick has managed an independent practice as a Certified Public
Accountant in Connecticut and New York States. Prior to forming his own CPA firm, Mr. Glick was employed by local and regional
CPA firms where he performed and supervised audits and financial reporting. Mr. Glick is a member of the American Institute of
Certified Public Accountants, The Connecticut Society of Certified Public Accountants, and the New York State Society of Certified
Public Accountants. He holds a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in Accounting from Baruch College of Business (now Baruch
College of the City University of New York). Mr. Glick is married and lives in Trumbull, CT. We concluded that
Mr. Glick s broad business, accounting and auditing experience meets the criteria of an independent director and an
 Audit Committee Financial expert . Mr. Glick s appointment as an independent director and audit
committee chairman, significantly improves the Company s financial oversight and management. 

Page 107 of 121 

Makarand Mak Jawadekar, 70,
 was appointed as an Independent Member of the Board of Directors, and will serve as a member of the Company s Audit, Compensation
and Nominating Committees. Dr. Jawadekar has over 35 years of experience in the pharma industry spanning both business and research
activities. Dr. Jawadekar has extensive experience in joint ventures, alliance management, contracting, outsourcing, benchmarking,
performance metrics, pharmaceutical research and development, drug delivery technologies, formulations, clinical supply manufacturing
and packaging, clinical trial materials, pharmaceutics, and pharmaceutical sciences. He also has deep knowledge and global experience
working across the United States, Europe, India, and other parts of Asia, including Japan and China. He has helped create several
pharma R D partnerships, joint ventures, and collaborations during his career. Dr. Jawadekar serves as a strategic advisor to
pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies through his independent consultancy, founded in 2010, after retiring from Pfizer, Inc.,
as Director, Portfolio Management Analytics, and as Vice President, Asia Colleague Resource Group, in Pfizer Global R D
division. From 1982 to 2010, Dr. Jawadekar held roles of increasing responsibility in technical, management, and business development
positions at Pfizer, in the areas of Drug Delivery Technology Assessment, Strategic External Alliance Management, Strategic CMC, Pharma
R D, Clinical Manufacturing, Manufacturing Technology Transfer and Scale-up, beginning as a research scientist in formulations development.
Dr. Jawadekar serves on the boards of two public companies, namely: Preveceutical Medical Inc. (CSE: PREV), and Cardax, Inc.
(OTC: CDXI), as an independent board member. He also serves on the Strategic and Scientific Advisory Boards of several companies, including
Actinium Pharma (NYSE-Amer.: ATNM), Saama Technologies, Inc., and Diant Pharma, Inc., as well as Tonino Lamborghini SpA, Italy.
He also serves as a member of the Board of Directors at Abilities Inc., a New York based, non-profit organization. Mak holds a Ph.D. in
Pharmaceutics from the University of Minnesota, and was honored with an honorary D.Sc. degree by DYP Mumbai University, recommended by
the President of India. The Company believes Dr. Jawadekar s long history as a pharmaceutical and biotech professional, particularly
in alliance development and management, in business strategy, and in pharmaceutical sciences and CMC in drug delivery, render him well
qualified to serve as an independent member of the Board of Directors. 

Theodore Edward Todd Rokita, 51, Director. Mr. Rokita was appointed as an Independent Member of the Board of Directors, and will serve
as a member of the Company s Audit, Compensation and Nominating Committees. Mr. Rokita currently serves as co-owner and
General Counsel and Vice President of External Affairs, Apex Benefits Group, Inc. where he serves as a member of the executive
team and the corporate board. He is responsible for legal strategies, including litigation, acquisitions and other matters,
primarily involving ERISA and employment laws, and is responsible for the regulatory compliance of Apex s clients. In his
role, he serves as the public face of the company and is responsible for external messaging, events, and other outreach functions.
Mr. Rokita was elected to the United States Congress as a Representative from the State of Indiana, serving four terms from
2011 to 2019. As a member of the US Congress, he served as the Chairman, House Subcommittee on Early Childhood, Elementary, and
Secondary Education, as the Vice Chairman, House Committee on the Budget, as a Member, House Committee on Education and the
Workforce (Health, Employment, Labor and Pensions subcommittee), as a Member, House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure,
(aviation, railroad, and pipeline subcommittees), as a Member, Committee on House Administration (2011-2014), as a Member, Steering
Committee (2011-2012) (elected by peers to make their committee assignments), and also as a Director, Republican Study Committee
(2014- 2019) (group affecting policy direction and tactics). Prior thereto Mr. Rokita served as the Secretary of
State, Indiana, from 2003 to 2011) and as Chief Operating Officer and General Counsel, Office of Indiana Secretary of State
from 2000-2002. Mr. Rokita serves or has served as a Member of the Board of Directors on a number of commercial and charitable
institutions, among them: Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association Foundation, (2014-Present); Achieve
International, Indianapolis, IN (helping troubled teens), (2012-2018); Saint Vincent Hospital Foundation, (2011-2013);
Indiana Council for Economic Education, (2004-2010). Mr. Rokita also serves or has served as an Advisory Board Member for
several institutions, among them: Merchandise Warehouse, Inc. Indianapolis, IN, (2019-Present); WishBone
Medical, Inc., Warsaw, IN, (2019-Present); and Acel 360, Inc., Reston, VA Advisory Board member (2019-Present).
Mr. Rokita has also served as a Member, Board of Trustees of Saint Joseph s College, Rensselaer, IN, (2007-2017). In
addition to his public service, Mr. Rokita is involved as a Volunteer for the Veterans Airlift Command and Angel Flight,
Volunteer (2011- Present), actively flying missions for Veterans Airlift Command and other similar non-profits dedicated to
providing free air transportation to children and post-9/11 combat wounded veterans and their families for medical and other
compassionate purposes. Mr. Rokita holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Wabash College in Crawfordsville, Indiana, where
he was an Eli Lilly Fellow and a Juris Doctor from IUPUI's Indiana University Robert H. McKinney School of Law. The Company believes
Mr. Rokita s long history as an executive and as a board member of a number of institutions and his long record of public
service, uniquely qualifies him to serve as a member of the Company s Board of Directors. 

Brian Zucker, 59, Director. Since October 2011,
Mr. Zucker has been a Partner at CFO Financial Partners, LLC, a firm that provides outsourced CFO (Chief Financial Officer), Controller
and Financial Operations services as well as back office reporting and bookkeeping services for public and private companies, broker dealers,
hedge funds, and family offices and high net worth individuals, among others. Mr. Zucker also serves as the CFO and Financial Operations
Principal for numerous broker dealers and hedge funds. In addition to and simultaneously therewith, Mr. Zucker has served as a Partner
at RRBB Accountants Advisors, (aka Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman Co.), a full-service accounting, advisory and consulting firm
located in Central New Jersey. Mr. Zucker has over thirty years of experience as a CPA specializing in the securities industry. From 1983
through 1986, Mr. Zucker was a Senior Consultant at Deloitte Haskins and Sells and at Price Waterhouse from January 1987 through September
1989. He has previously served as the President and Chairman of Atlantis Business Development Corp. (ABDV), CFO of Natcore Solar Technology,
Inc. (NTCXF) and as a Managing Director of American Frontier Financial Corp. (EVIS). He is on the Board of Directors of National Investment
Banking Association (NIBA). Mr. Zucker obtained a B.S. in Public Accounting from Pace University. The Company believes Mr. Zucker s
extensive career as a public accountant and experience providing sophisticated accounting services to public companies and broker dealers,
render him well qualified to serve as an independent member of the Board of Directors, as well as its Audit, Compensation, Nominating
and Governance Committees. 

Page 108 of 121 

Meeta Vyas, SB, MBA , age 63, is known as
a strong leader with board level experience and successful achievements as a Senior Executive in a broad range of entities including publicly
listed corporations, non-revenue generating entities, and medium to large size companies. Ms. Vyas has over twenty-five years of
experience in performance and process improvement of both publicly listed companies and non-revenue producing entities, in areas ranging
from Finance and Operations to Strategy and Management. Meeta holds the distinction of being the first Indian woman to be named CEO of
a publicly listed U.S. corporation, Signature Brands, Inc., best known for Mr. Coffee and Health-O-Meter 
brand products. As CEO, acting COO and Vice Chairman of the Board of Signature Brands, Inc., she was responsible for the development
and implementation of a turnaround plan, resulting in Signature s return to profitability and growth. Later, as the CEO of the World-Wide
Fund for Nature - India (WWF-India) and then as a Vice President of the National Audubon Society (USA), both non-revenue generating entities,
Meeta successfully raised unrestricted funding that significantly exceeded annual requirements and also instituted financial processes
to measure a variety of performance metrics. Earlier in her career, she was responsible for designing the strategy and initiating the
implementation plan for the highly successful information technology outsourcing program at General Electric GE ). Also
at GE, Ms. Vyas ran GE Appliances Range Products business unit having revenues exceeding 1 billion where her team doubled
operating income in less than two years. Prior to that, as a management consultant with McKinsey and Company, she served publicly listed
companies in chemicals, industrial, and technology markets, primarily focusing on growth strategies, valuations, post-merger integrations,
and logistics operations. Ms. Vyas is married to Anil Diwan, the Company s President and Chairman and principal shareholder
of TheraCour Pharma, Inc. Ms. Vyas holds a MBA in Finance from Columbia University s Graduate School of Business, and
a SB in Chemical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. We concluded that Ms. Vyas experience and training
render her qualified to serve as the Company s Chief Financial Officer. 

AUDIT COMMITTEE 

In June 2013, Stanley Glick, CPA was elected,
as an independent member, to the Company s Board of Directors and the Chair of the Company s Audit Committee. Due to his education
and extensive experience as a Certified Public Accountant, Mr. Glick meets the criteria of an independent director and an Audit
Committee Financial Expert as provided in Release 33-8173 and 34-47235. On May 15, 2020 Theodore Edward Todd Rokita and on November 13, 2020 Brian Zucker were appointed as independent directors and members of the Audit Committee. 

CODE OF ETHICS 

We have adopted a code of ethics meeting the requirements
of Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. We believe our code of ethics is reasonably designed to deter wrongdoing and promote
honest and ethical conduct; provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in public reports; comply with applicable
laws; ensure prompt internal reporting of violations; and provide accountability for adherence to the provisions of the code of ethic.
Our code of ethics is filed as an exhibit to this Form 10-K. 

Page 109 of 121 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following table reflects all forms of compensation
for the years ended June 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. 

Name and 
Principal 
Position 
 
 Year 

Salary 

Bonus 
 ) 

Stock 
Award(s) ) 

Option 
Awards(#) 

All Other 
Compensation ) 

Total ) 

Anil Diwan 

2021 

400,000 

182,610 

582,610 

CEO, President, Director 

2020 

400,000 

189,038 

589,038 

2019 

400,000 

189,038 

589,038 

Meeta Vyas 

2021 

129,600 

24,548 

154,548 

CFO 

2020 

129,600 

20,869 

150,469 

2019 

129,600 

24,488 

154,088 

Irach Taraporewala 

2021 

Ex-CEO 

2020 

2019 

144,783 

72,000 

11,920 

15,000 

228,703 

The following table sets forth for each named
executive officer certain information concerning the outstanding equity awards as of June 30, 2021. 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable 
 Number 
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable 
 Option 
 Exercise Price ) 
 Option 
 Expiration Date 
 Number 
 of Shares or Units of Stock that Have Not Vested 
 Market 
 Value of Shares or Units of Stock that Have Not Vested 
 Equity 
 Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights that Have Not Vested 
 Equity 
 Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights that 
 Have Not Vested 
 
 Anil Diwan, President and Director 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Irach Taraporewala 
 5,000 
 5,000 
 10.00 
 09/01/2021 
 10,000 

Mukund Kulkarni 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stanley Glick 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Meeta Vyas 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Page 110 of 121 

COMPENSATION OBJECTIVES 

We believe that the compensation programs for
the Company s executive officers should reflect the Company s performance and the value created for the Company s stockholders.
In addition, the compensation programs should support the short-term and long-term strategic goals and values of the Company, and should
reward individual contributions to the Company s success. Our compensation plans are consequently designed to link individual rewards
with Company s performance by applying objective, quantitative factors including the Company s own business performance and
general economic factors. We also rely upon subjective, qualitative factors such as technical expertise, leadership and management skills,
when structuring executive compensation in a manner consistent with our compensation philosophy. 

ELEMENTS OF COMPENSATION 

BASE SALARY. All full time executives are paid
a base salary. Base salaries for our executives are established based on the scope of their responsibilities, professional qualifications,
academic background, and the other elements of the executive s compensation, including stock-based compensation. However, at this
time current total annual compensation is not in line with comparable companies, because our philosophy was to pay modest salaries with
minimum bonuses to conserve capital resources for future company growth. Our intent is to set executives base salaries near the
median of the range of salaries for executives in similar positions with similar responsibilities at comparable companies, in line with
our compensation philosophy. Base salaries are reviewed annually, and may be increased to align salaries with market levels after taking
into account the subjective evaluation described previously. 

EQUITY INCENTIVE COMPENSATION. We believe that
long-term performance is achieved through an ownership culture participated in by our executive officers through the use of stock-based
awards. Currently, we do not maintain any incentive compensation plans based on pre-defined performance criteria. The Board of Directors
has the general authority, however, to award equity incentive compensation, i.e. stock options, to our executive officers in such amounts
and on such terms as the committee determines in its sole discretion. The Board of Directors does not have a determined formula for determining
the number of options available to be granted. The Board of Directors will review each executive s individual performance and his
or her contribution to our strategic goals periodically. With the exception of stock options automatically granted in accordance with
the terms of the employment agreement with our executive officers, our Board of Directors grants equity incentive compensation at times
when we do not have material non-public information to avoid timing issues and the appearance that such awards are made based on any such
information. 

DETERMINATION OF COMPENSATION 

The Company s executive compensation program
for the named executive officers (NEOs) is administered by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors makes independent decisions
about all aspects of NEO compensation, and takes into account compensation data and benchmarks for comparable positions and companies
in different applicable geographical areas. The Compensation Committee of the Board assists the Board in achieving these objectives. 

Page 111 of 121 

BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF COMPANY COMMON STOCK
BY DIRECTORS, OFFICERS AND PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS, MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED STOCKHOLDERS MATTERS. 

The following table sets forth,
as of June 30, 2021, certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of the Company s Common Stock and Series A
Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding by (i) each person known to us to own or control 5 or more of our Common Stock, (ii) each
of our directors, (iii) each of our Named Executive Officers (as defined in Item 402(a)(3) of Regulation S-K)
and (iv) our current Named Executive Officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, each person named in the table
below has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares beneficially owned. 

Common Stock 
 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock(1) 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Owner (2) 
 Percent of Class (2) 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Owner (2) 
 Percent of Class (2) 
 Percent of Voting Power (3) 
 
 TheraCour Pharma, Inc. (4) 
 470,959 
 4.1 
 200,000 
 53.8 
 15.3 
 
 Anil Diwan (4)(5) 
 94,471 
 0.1 
 86,074 
 23.2 
 5.9 
 
 Stanley Glick 
 12,055 
 
 0 
 0 

Meeta Vyas (6) 
 7,352 
 
 12,484 
 3.4 
 .1 
 
 Makarand Jawadekar 
 4,532 
 
 0 
 0 

Theodore Rokita 
 4,005 
 
 0 
 0 

Brian Zucker 
 2,782 
 
 0 
 0 

All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (6 persons) 
 595,698 
 4.2 
 298,558 
 80.4 
 21.3 

(1) The
Series A Convertible Preferred Shares (the Series A vote at the rate of nine shares of Common Stock per each
share of Series A and is convertible into three and one half shares of Common Stock upon a change in control of the Company. 

(2) For
each shareholder, the calculation of percentage of beneficial ownership is based upon 11,515,170 shares of Common Stock and 371,490 shares
of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding, and shares of Common Stock subject to options, warrants and/or conversion rights held by
the shareholder that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days, which are deemed to be outstanding and to be beneficially
owned by the shareholder holding such options, warrants, or conversion rights. The percentage ownership of any shareholder is determined
by assuming that the shareholder has exercised all options, warrants and conversion rights to obtain additional securities and that no
other shareholder has exercised such rights. 

(3) Amount
stated reflects the number of votes held on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. 

(4) Anil
Diwan, the Company s President and Chairman, also serves as the CEO and Director of TheraCour Pharma Inc. and owns approximately
90 of the outstanding capital stock of TheraCour. Anil Diwan has both investment and dispositive power over the NanoViricides shares
held by TheraCour Pharma, Inc. 

(5) Does
not include 1,170,959 shares of common stock owned by TheraCour Pharma, Inc. after including the Series A preferred stock on
an as converted basis which votes at the rate of 3 and one-half shares of common stock for each Share of Series A preferred stock
(the Series A preferred stock ), over which Dr. Diwan holds voting and dispositive power on an as converted basis.
Does not include 86,074 shares of Series A Preferred Stock. Does not include the beneficial ownership of the securities held by Meeta
Vyas, the wife of Anil Diwan, over which Dr. Diwan disclaims beneficial ownership and voting and dispositive control. 

(6) Includes
1,072 shares held by Connect Capital LLC, over which Ms. Vyas holds voting and dispositive power. Does not include 12,484 shares
of Series A Preferred Stock. Does not include the beneficial ownership of the securities held by Anil Diwan, the husband of Ms. Vyas,
or TheraCour over which Ms. Vyas disclaims beneficial ownership and voting and dispositive control. 

Page 112 of 121 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS 

The Company and Dr. Diwan, President and
Chairman of the Board of Directors, entered into an employment agreement effective July 1, 2015 for a term of three years. Dr. Diwan s
compensation is 350,000 for the first year of employment, 375,000 for the second year and 400,000 for the final year. Additionally,
Dr. Diwan was awarded a grant of 225,000 shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock. 75,000 shares vested on June 30,
2016, 2017 and 2018. The employment agreement also provided incentive bonuses of 75,000 per year payable on or before July 31, 2016,
2017 and 2018. Incentive bonuses for 2016 and 2017 have been paid according to the terms of the contract. The Company and Dr. Diwan
agreed that the 2018 bonus would be earned and paid upon a filing of an IND. The Company and Dr. Diwan entered into an extension of employment
agreement effective July 1, 2018 for a term of three years. Dr. Diwan s will be paid an annual base salary of 400,000. Additionally,
Dr. Diwan was awarded a grant of 26,250 shares of the Company s Series A preferred stock. 8,750 shares vest equally on June 30,
2019, 2020 and 2021. Any unvested shares are subject to forfeiture. On September 14, 2021, the Board of Directors agreed to the extension
of the employment agreement for a period of one year from July 1, 2021 through June 30, 2022 under the same general terms and conditions.
The Company granted Dr. Diwan an award of 10,204 shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock. The shares will be deemed
partially vested in quarterly installments following the grant date and fully vested on June 30, 2022. 

Page 113 of 121 

On March 3, 2010, the Company entered into
an employment agreement with Dr. Jayant Tatake to serve as Vice President of Research and Development. The employment
agreement provides for a term of four years with a base salary of 150,000. In addition, the Company issued 1,340 shares of
Series A preferred stock and 1,786 shares of common stock upon entering into the agreement, and will issue an additional 1,340 shares
of Series A preferred stock and 1,786 shares of common stock on each anniversary date of the agreement. The shares of Series A
preferred stock were issued in recognition of Dr. Tatake s work towards the achievement of several patents by the Company.
The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors has extended the current provisions of the employment agreement pending its review
of current industry compensation arrangements and employment agreements. 

On March 3, 2010, the Company entered into
an employment agreement with Dr. Randall Barton to serve as Chief Scientific Officer. The employment agreement provided
for a term of four years with a base salary of 150,000. In addition, the Company issued 1,786 shares of common stock upon
entering into the agreement, and will issue an additional 1,786 shares of common stock on each anniversary date of the agreement. The
Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors has extended the current provisions of the employment agreement pending its review of
current industry compensation arrangements and employment agreements. 

On May 30, 2013, the Company entered into
an employment agreement with Meeta Vyas, wife of our President and Chairman of the Board, to serve as its Chief Financial Officer. The
employment agreement provided for a term of three years with a base salary of 9,000 per month and 129 shares of Series A preferred
stock, also on a monthly basis. On January 1, 2015, her cash compensation was increased to 10,800 per month. The agreement is renewable
on an annual basis. The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors has extended the current provisions of the employment agreement
pending its review of current industry compensation arrangements and employment agreements. 

COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS 

At this time, directors, who are officers of the
Company, receive no remuneration for their services as directors of the Company. The Company reimburses directors for expenses incurred
in their service to the Board of Directors. The Company paid accrued fees to its independent directors of 36,250 to each Director, of
which 11,250 is to be paid in the Company s common stock. 

COMPENSATION OF SCIENTIFIC ADVISORY BOARD 

The Company anticipates holding four Scientific
Advisory Board meetings per annum. As compensation, each member of the Scientific Advisory Board (SAB) will be granted 572 warrants each
quarter to purchase the Company s common stock at 120 of the Company s closing stock quote on the day following the meeting.
Should the Company not call a quarterly meeting, quarterly warrants will be granted on May 15, August 15, November 15,
and February 15. The warrants have a four-year expiration date. In addition the Company will reimburse each SAB member for travel
and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in the course of performing their services. For the year ended June 30, 2021, 2020 and
2019, the SAB was granted a total of 2,288, 2,286 and 2,287 of stock warrants, respectively. The warrants are exercisable into common
shares at prices from 3.94 to 6.86, 2.63 to 12.16, and 6.00 to 9.40 per share, respectively. 

Page 114 of 121 

EMPLOYEES AND SERVICE PROVIDERS 

The Company has seven full time employees. In
addition, most of the business activities of the Company including accounting and legal work and business development are provided by
subcontractors and consultants. Further, the Company has subcontracted nanomaterials research and development R D to TheraCour under the license agreement with TheraCour. TheraCour currently has a staff of about twenty, most of who are scientists with
PhD or advanced degrees and experience. The Company has subcontracted its animal studies to various contract research organizations, government
institutes, academic labs, and private institutions. Some of the Company s R D work was performed by agencies in Vietnam. In
the future, the Company anticipates having additional service providers. We believe that we have good relations with our employees and
subcontractors. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

On May 13, 2013, Meeta Vyas was appointed
as the Company s Chief Financial Officer. During the term of Ms. Vyas service, she will be compensated on the basis
of 9,000 per month and 129 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, also on a monthly basis. Ms. Vyas is married to Anil
Diwan, the President and Chairman of the Company. On January 1, 2015, her compensation was increased to 10,800 per month. 

On December 16, 2019, the Company entered
into an Open End Mortgage Note (the Note with Dr. Anil Diwan, the Company s founder, Chairman, President and
CEO, to loan the Company up to 2,000,000 in two tranches of 1,000,000 (the Loan ). The Note was paid off on December 31,
2020. The Note bore interest at the rate of 12 per annum and was secured by a mortgage granted against the Company s headquarters.
Dr. Anil Diwan received 10,000 shares of the Company s Series A preferred stock as a loan origination fee which was
amortized over the one year term of the loan using the effective interest method. The fair value of the 10,000 shares of the Company s
Series A preferred stock when issued on December 16, 2019 was 39,301. The Series A preferred stock fair value is based
on the greater of the i) the converted value to common at a ratio of 1:3.5; or ii) the value of the voting rights since the Holder would
lose the voting rights upon conversion. For the assumptions used in calculating the fair value of the preferred shares, the conversion
of the shares is triggered by a change of control. Amortization expense on the loan origination fee for the years ended June 30,
2021 and 2020 was 18,013 and 21,288 respectively, The Company had drawn down 1.1 million of this loan. Interest was payable only on
the amount drawn down. The lender had escrowed 132,000 of interest payable pursuant to the Loan. For the years ended June 30, 2021
and 2020, the Company incurred interest expense of 62,773 and 69,227, respectively, which reduced the interest escrow balance included
in prepaid expenses. 

Page 115 of 121 

TheraCour Pharma, Inc. 

On May 12, 2005, we entered into a Material
License Agreement, amended as of January 8, 2007 (the License with TheraCour Pharma, Inc. TheraCour ),
an approximately 5.3 common shareholder. Anil Diwan, our founder, President and Chairman, owns approximately 90 of TheraCour s
capital stock. We were granted exclusive licenses in perpetuity for technologies developed by TheraCour for the virus types: Human Immunodeficiency
Virus (HIV/AIDS), Influenza including Asian Bird Flu Virus, Herpes Simplex Virus (HSV-1 and HSV-2), Hepatitis C Virus (HCV), Hepatitis
B Virus (HBV), and Rabies. On February 15, 2010, we entered into an Additional License Agreement with TheraCour. Pursuant to the
exclusive Additional License Agreement, in consideration for the issuance of 100,000 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock, (the
 Series A Preferred ), we were granted exclusive licenses, in perpetuity, for technologies, developed by TheraCour, for
the development of drug candidates for the treatment of Dengue viruses, Ebola/Marburg viruses, Japanese Encephalitis, viruses causing
viral Conjunctivitis (a disease of the eye) and Ocular Herpes. 

In consideration for obtaining these exclusive
licenses, we agreed: (1) that TheraCour can charge its costs (direct and indirect) plus no more than 30 of a specified portion of
certain direct costs as a Development Fee and such development fees shall be due and payable in periodic installments as billed; (2) we
will pay the greater 2,000 or actual costs monthly, whichever is higher, for other general and administrative expenses incurred by TheraCour
on our behalf; (3) make royalty payments (calculated as a percentage of net sales of the licensed drugs) of 15 (calculated as a
percentage of net sales of the licensed drugs) to TheraCour; (4) TheraCour retains the exclusive right to develop and manufacture
the licensed drugs. TheraCour will manufacture the licensed drugs exclusively for us, and unless such license is terminated, will not
manufacture such product for its own sake or for others; and (5) TheraCour may request and we will pay an advance payment (refundable)
equal to twice the amount of the previous month s invoice to be applied as a prepayment towards expenses. TheraCour may terminate
the license upon a material breach by us as specified in the agreement. However, we may avoid such termination if within 90 days of receipt
of such termination notice we cure the breach. 

On October 2, 2018, we entered into an agreement
with TheraCour to defer the 25,000 payment until the earlier of April 2, 2019 or the date that we file an IND with the FDA. On May 9,
2019, we entered into an agreement with TheraCour that extended the April 2, 2019 date to June 30, 2019 and on September 24,
2019 we entered into an agreement with TheraCour that extended such date to the later of December 31, 2019 or the filing on an IND
with the FDA. Deferred development fees as of June 30, 2021 was 200,000. 

On November 1, 2019, the Company
entered into a License Agreement (the Agreement with TheraCour for an exclusive, worldwide license to use, promote,
offer for sale, import, export, sell and distribute products for the treatment of Varicella Zoster Virus derived indications. The
Company was not required to make any upfront payments to TheraCour and agreed to the following milestone payments to TheraCour; the
issuance of 75,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock upon the grant of an IND Application; 1,500,000 in cash upon
completion of Phase I Clinical Trials; 2,500,000 in cash upon completion of Phase II clinical trials; and 5,000,000 in cash upon
completion of Phase III clinical trials. In addition, the Company is required to pay to TheraCour fifteen percent (15 of net sales
of licensed products, and any income from sublicensed products. Under the Agreement, TheraCour retains the exclusive right to
develop and manufacture the Licensed Products. As in previous licensing agreements with TheraCour, the Company agreed to pay the
following amounts to TheraCour to the extent not previously paid under existing licensing agreements: (1) costs (direct and
indirect) plus 30 , subject to certain specified exclusions, as a Development Fee and such development fees shall be due and payable
in periodic installments as billed and (2) a deposit equal to estimated development costs for two months (refundable), such
estimates to be reconciled quarterly. Payments not made within 90 days after due date will be charged an interest at the rate of 1 
per month. TheraCour and the Company have agreed to enter into a manufacture and supply agreement, under which TheraCour would
manufacture the licensed products exclusively for the Company, and the Company would also have customary backup manufacture rights,
as specified in the Agreement. TheraCour may terminate the license upon a material breach by the Company as specified in the
agreement. However, the Company may avoid such termination if the breach is cured within 90 days of receipt of such termination. 

Page 116 of 121 

On December 17, 2019, the Company
entered into a Deferred Expense Exchange Agreement with TheraCour whereby TheraCour agreed to exchange 250,000 of deferred
development fees owed to TheraCour into 100,000 Series A preferred stock with a fair value of 392,669 for 250,000 previously
deferred development fees owed to TheraCour, and recognized a loss on the exchange of 142,669. At June 30, 2021 200,000 of
deferred payments remain due. 

On September 8, 2021, the Company entered into
a license agreement for the field comprising anti-viral treatments for coronavirus derived human infections with TheraCour (the CoV
Agreement ). Previously, on June 9, 2020, we had announced signing of a Memorandum of Understanding CoV MoU with
respect to anti-viral treatments for coronavirus derived human infections (the Field with TheraCour Pharma, Inc., which
is now perfected into this licensing Agreement. The licensed field includes antiviral drugs to treat SARS-CoV-2 and its variants that
cause the COVID-19 disease resulting in a global pandemic that continues to rage through the world, wave after wave, as new variants
develop and take hold. There was no upfront cash payment for the license and the compensation terms were generally consistent with prior
licenses, and are summarized below. 

Under the CoV Agreement, we have obtained a world-wide,
exclusive, sub-licensable, license to use, promote, offer for sale, import, export, sell and distribute antiviral drugs that treat human
Coronavirus infections using TheraCour s proprietary as well as patented technology and intellectual property, including the new
patent application cited above. The discovery of ligands and polymer materials as well as formulations, the chemistry and chemical characterization,
as well as process development and related work will be performed by TheraCour under the same compensation terms as prior agreements between
the parties, with no duplication of costs allowed. We will not make any upfront cash payments to TheraCour and we have agreed to the following
milestone payments to TheraCour: 100,000 shares of the Company s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share
(the Series A Preferred Stock upon the execution of the Agreement; 50,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock after the
grant of the approval of Licensee s Investigational New Drug (IND) Application, or its equivalent; cash payments of 1,500,000 after
the initiation of Phase I clinical trials or its equivalent; 2,000,000 after the completion of Phase 1 Clinical Trials or its equivalent
for at least one product within twelve (12) months from the date of the acceptance of the IND; 2,500,000 no later than six (6) months
after the completion of Phase 2A Clinical Trials or its equivalent for at least one product within twenty (24) months from the date of
the completion of Phase 1 or its equivalent; 100,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock after the initiation of Phase 3 clinical trials
or its equivalent; and, at TheraCour s option, 5,000,000 in cash or 500,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, no later than six
(6) months after the completion of Phase 3 Clinical Trials or its equivalent for at least one product within thirty-six (36) months from
the completion of Phase 2 Clinical Trials or its equivalent. In addition, we agreed to pay to TheraCour fifteen percent (15 of net sales
of licensed products and any income from sublicensed products, consistent with previous agreements. Under the CoV Agreement, TheraCour
retains the exclusive right to develop and manufacture the Licensed Products. The Agreement contemplates that the parties will enter into
a separate Manufacturing and Supply Agreement for the commercial manufacture and supply of the drug products if and when we intend to
engage into commercialization of the drugs. The CoV Agreement provides that the Manufacturing and Supply agreement would be on customary
and reasonable terms, on a cost-plus basis, using a market rate based on then-current industry standards, and include customary backup
manufacturing rights, as with prior agreements. The Series A Convertible Preferred Shares are only convertible upon a change of
control of the Company as defined in its full specification, are non-transferrable and have no trading market. Each Series A share
carries 9 votes, and is convertible only upon a change of control into 3.5 shares of the Company s common stock. 

To assist in the analysis of the terms of the
CoV Agreement, we commissioned research reports on Coronavirus drug market sizes for the Coronavirus antivirals field from an independent
consulting agency, Nanotech Plus, LLC. Additionally, we obtained business analysis and valuation reports for potential licensing terms
for a coronavirus drug from an independent consultant. NanoViricides was represented by McCarter English, LLP while TheraCour was
represented by DuaneMorris LLP. 

A new patent application regarding
coronavirus drug candidates has been filed under the Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT) on June 25, 2021, and is automatically licensed
by us under the CoV Agreement. Our anti-COVID drugs are based on polymeric micelle nanomedicine technologies developed by TheraCour
Pharma, Inc. and its affiliate, AllExcel, Inc. The inventors at AllExcel have filed a broad PCT patent application that forms the
basis of our two lead drug candidates, namely, NV-CoV-2 and NV-CoV-2-R. The new patent application covers the new technologies,
compositions, formulations, processes, manufactured products, and methods of use, among other specifics. This patent application was
filed on June 25, 2021, application number PCT/US2007/001607, entitled Self-Assembling Amphiphilic Polymers As Anti-Covid-19
Agents . Its nominal expiry date would be 20 years, after filing and if issued, i.e. June 24, 2041, and could be extended in
certain countries under regulatory extensions to as late as into the year 2043, providing a significant commercial runway. 

TheraCour acquired property and equipment on behalf
of the Company from third party vendors and sold such property and equipment, to the Company, at cost, in the amounts of 171,668,
 8,638 and 23,666 for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 respectively. 

Page 117 of 121 

Accounts payable to TheraCour were 31,539 and
 561,580 at June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively. 

Development costs charged by and paid to TheraCour
were 2,803,827, 2,158,034 and 3,119,863 for the years ended June 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. No royalties are due or
have been paid from inception through June 30, 2021. 

As of June 30, 2021 TheraCour owned 470,959
shares of the Company s outstanding common stock and 200,000 shares of series A preferred stock, which votes at the rate of nine
shares of common stock per each share of series A preferred stock and is convertible into three and one half shares of common stock
upon a change in control of the Company. Dr. Diwan, also serves as the CEO and Director of TheraCour and owns approximately 90 of
the outstanding capital stock of TheraCour. 

On September 9, 2021, the Company entered into
a world-wide, exclusive, sub-licensable, license Covid-19 License Agreement to use, promote, offer for sale, import, export,
sell and distribute drugs that treat Covid-19 infections, using TheraCour s proprietary as well as patented technology and intellectual
property. The discovery of ligands and polymer materials as well as formulations, the chemistry and chemical characterization, as well
as process development and related work will be performed by TheraCour under the same compensation terms as prior agreements between the
parties, with no duplication of costs allowed. Upon commercialization, NanoViricides will pay 15 of net sales to TheraCour, as defined
in the agreement. The Company was not required to make any upfront cash payments to TheraCour and agreed to the following milestone payments
to TheraCour: (i) the issuance of 100,000 shares of the Company s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock within 30 days
upon execution of this agreement; (ii) the issuance of 50,000 shares of the Company s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
upon the approval of Licensee s Investigational New Drug (IND) Application or its equivalent by a competent regulatory authority;
(iii) 1,500,000 upon initiation of Phase I Clinical Trials, or its equivalent, for at least one Licensed Product within the
Field on, or before, three (3) months from the date of the Authority s acceptance of the IND, or its equivalent; (iv) 2,000,000
in cash upon completion of Phase 1 Clinical Trials; (v) 2,500,000 in cash upon completion of Phase IIA clinical trials, or, its
equivalent; (vi) the issuance of 100,000 shares of the Company s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock upon the initiation
of Phase 3 Clinical Trials, or, its equivalent, for at least one Licensed Product within the Field; and (vii) 5,000,000 in cash,
or 500,000 shares of the Company s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock upon completion of Phase III clinical trials, or its
equivalent. Upon commercialization, NanoViricides will pay 15 of Net Sales to TheraCour, as defined in the agreement. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit Fees 

The aggregate fees for each of the last two years
for professional services rendered by the independent registered public accounting firm for our audits of our annual financial statements
and interim reviews of our financial statements included in our fillings with Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10-K and
10-Qs or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for
those years were approximately: 

June 30, 2021 

206,960 

EisnerAmper LLP 
 
 June 30, 2020 

266,760 

EisnerAmper LLP. 

Audit Related Fees 

The aggregate fees in each of the last two years
for the assurance and related services provided by the principal accountant that are not reasonably related to the performance of the
audit or review of the Company s financial statements and are not reported in paragraph (1) were approximately: 

June 30, 2021 

0 

EisnerAmper LLP 
 
 June 30, 2020 

0 

EisnerAmper LLP 

The aggregate fees in each of the last two years
for the professional services rendered by the principal accountant for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning were approximately: 

June 30, 2021 

0 

EisnerAmper LLP 
 
 June 30, 2020 

0 

EisnerAmper LLP 

All Other Fees 

The aggregate fees in each of the last two years
for the products and services provided by the principal accountant, other than the services reported in paragraph (1) were approximately: 

June 30, 2021 

0 

EisnerAmper LLP 
 
 June 30, 2020 

0 

EisnerAmper LLP 

Page 118 of 121 

Pre-Approval Policies 

The Board of Directors, and the Audit Committee
appointed by the Board, currently do not have any pre-approval policies or procedures concerning services performed by EisnerAmper LLP.
All the services performed by EisnerAmper LLP as described above were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS 

Exhibits 
 
 Description 
 
 Filed / furnished / 
incorporated by 
reference from 
 
 Incorporated by 
reference from exhibit 
 
 Date filed 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 
 
 Schedule 14C 
 
 A 
 
 April 23, 2009 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Change 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 September 9, 2013 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Change 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 September 26, 2019 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 March 20, 2020 
 
 3.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 
 Form 10-Q 
 
 3.1 
 
 February 22, 2010 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate of the Registrant 
 
 Form 10-SB 
 
 4.1 
 
 November 14, 2006 
 
 4.2 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 Form 10-Q 
 
 4.1 
 
 February 22, 2010 
 
 4.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 Form S-1/A 
 
 4.3 
 
 January 8, 2020 
 
 4.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 Form S-1/A 
 
 4.4 
 
 January 8, 2020 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form of Warrant 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 March 1, 2019 
 
 10.1 
 
 Form of Scientific Advisory Board Agreement 
 
 Form 10-SB 
 
 10.5 
 
 November 14, 2006 
 
 10.2 
 
 Amended License Agreement with TheraCour Pharma, Inc. 
 
 Form 10-SB 
 
 10.6 
 
 November 14, 2006 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of First Subscription Agreement 
 
 Form 10-SB 
 
 10.8 
 
 November 14, 2006 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Second Subscription Agreement 
 
 Form 10-SB 
 
 10.9 
 
 November 14, 2006 
 
 10.5 
 
 Amendment to License Agreement with TheraCour Pharma, Inc. 
 
 Form 10-SB 
 
 10.11 
 
 January 17, 2007 
 
 10.6 
 
 Memorandum of Understanding with Vietnam s National Institute of Hygiene and Epidemiology (NIHE) dated December 23, 2005 
 
 Form 10-SB 
 
 10.12 
 
 January 17, 2007 
 
 10.7 
 
 Employment Agreement with M Vyas 
 
 Form S-1/A 
 
 10.7 
 
 January 8, 2020 
 
 10.8 
 
 Agreement of Purchase and Sale between the Registrant and Inno-Haven, LLC 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 January 7, 2015 
 
 10.9 
 
 Conversion and Settlement Agreement 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 February 13, 2017 
 
 10.10 
 
 Confidential Separation Agreement and General Release of Eugene Seymour 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 May 4, 2018 
 
 10.11 
 
 Employment Agreement with Anil Diwan 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 July 23, 2018 
 
 10.12 
 
 Employment Agreement with Irach Taraporewala 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 July 23, 2018 

10.13 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 27, 2019, between the Registrant and certain purchasers 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 March 1, 2019 
 
 10.14 
 
 Letter Agreement with Chardan Capital Markets, LLC 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 March 1, 2019 
 
 10.15 
 
 Director Retainer Agreement, dated as of June 6, 2019, between the Registrant and Mark Day 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 June 10, 2019 
 
 10.16 
 
 Underwriting with Aegis Capital Corp. dated January 21, 2020 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 January 27, 2020 
 
 10.17 
 
 Form of Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 January 28, 2020 

Page 119 of 121 

10.18 
 
 Form of Exchange Agreement 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 January 28, 2020 
 
 10.19 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 January 28, 2020 
 
 10.20 
 
 Director Retainer Agreement between NanoViricides, Inc. and Makarand Jawadekar 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 February 11, 2020 
 
 10.21 
 
 Director Retainer Agreement, dated as of May 15, 2020, between NanoViricides, Inc. and Todd Rokita 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 May 19, 2020 
 
 10.22 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 21, 2020 by and between NanoViricides, Inc. and certain purchaser s 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 10.1 

May 22, 2020 
 
 10.23 
 
 Placement Agent Agreement, dated May 21, 2020 by and between among NanoViricides, Inc. Maxim Group LLC and Kingswood Capital Markets, a division of Benchmark Investments, Inc. 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 May
 22, 2020 
 
 10.24 
 
 Underwriting Agreement with Kingswood Capital Markets, a Division of Benchmark Investments, Inc. dated July 8, 2020. 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 July 13, 2020 
 
 10.25 
 
 At Market Issuance Sales Agreement by and between NanoViricides, Inc., B. Riley Securities, Inc. and Kingswood Capital Markets, a division of Benchmark Investments, Inc., dated July 31, 2020 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 1.1 
 
 August 3, 2020 
 
 10.26 
 
 Director Retainer Agreement, dated as of November 9, 2020 between NanoViricides,
Inc. and Brian Zucker. 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 November 19, 2020 
 
 10.27 
 
 Coronavirus License Agreement with TheraCour Pharma, Inc. 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 September 15, 2021 
 
 10.28 
 
 Extension of Employment Agreement with Anil Diwan 

Form 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 September 15, 2021 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 Form 10-SB 
 
 10.10 
 
 November 14, 2006 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

Page 120 of 121 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: October 12, 2021 

NANOVIRICIDES, INC. 

/s/ Anil Diwan, PhD 

Name: Anil R. Diwan, PhD. 

Title: President and Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Meeta Vyas 

Name: Meeta Vyas 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated: 

October 12, 2021 
 /s/ Anil Diwan, PhD 

Name: Anil Diwan, PhD 

Title: President and Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

October 12, 2021 
 /s/ Meeta Vyas 

Name: Meeta Vyas 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

October 12, 2021 
 /s/ Stanley Glick 

Name: Stanley Glick 

Title: Director 

October 12, 2021 
 /s/ Makarand Jawadekar 

Name: Makarand Jawadekar 

Title: Director 

October 12, 2021 
 /s/ Theodore Rokita 

Name: Mark Day 

Title: Director 

Page 121 of 121 

NanoViricides, Inc. 

Index to the Financial Statements 

Contents 
 
 Page(s) 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
 Firm 
 
 F-2
 F-3 

Balance Sheets at June 30, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F-4 

Statements of Operations for the years ended June 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 
 F-5 

Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the period from July 1, 2018 through June 30, 2021 
 
 F-6 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 
 F-7 

Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 NanoViricides, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of NanoViricides, Inc. (the Company as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, and the related statements of operations, changes in
stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended June 30, 2021, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the
years in the three-year period ended June 30, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on
the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

F- 2 

Related Party Transactions 

As discussed in Note
4 to the financial statements, the Company enters into certain agreements which grant exclusive licenses for technologies developed by
a related party for various virus types. As part of these agreements, the Company is required to pay certain costs charged by the related
party. These costs include research and development costs resulting from their research and development activities which include the
performance of preclinical studies and/or clinical trials, compensation and other expenses for research and development personnel, supplies
and development material. The Company recorded accounts payable related party for research and development activities of 31,539 as of June 30, 2021 and research and development costs paid to related party of 2,803,827, included in research and development
expenses for the year ended June 30, 2021. 

We identified the accounting for related party transactions as a critical
audit matter due to the materiality of the related party transactions occurring throughout the year and the significant judgment by management
to ensure costs being charged are accurate, complete and properly disclosed. This is turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity
and significant audit effort in applying procedures related to those transactions. 

Addressing the
matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial
statements. We obtained an understanding and evaluated the design of the controls related to the Company s process for
identifying related parties and the approval and disclosure of related party transactions. We performed procedures to test the
sufficiency of related party assets and liabilities at the balance sheet date and expenses for the year then ended. Our procedures
included, among others, (i) reading agreements and subsequent amendments; (ii) testing invoices on a sample basis to ensure
purchases and expenses are properly recorded in accordance with the agreements and that appropriate approval from management and
audit committee was received; and (iii) confirming the accounts payable related party balance, equipment purchases made on
behalf of the Company and the research and development costs paid to the related party. We also made direct inquiries of management
and viewed public filings, minutes and agreements for evidence of related parties and that related party transactions were accounted
for and disclosed properly. 

/s/ EisnerAmper LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2014. 

EISNERAMPER LLP 

 Iselin, New Jersey 

 October 12, 2021 

F- 3 

NanoViricides, Inc. 

 Balance Sheets 

June 30, 2021 
 June 30, 2020 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 20,516,677 
 13,708,594 
 
 Prepaid expenses 
 307,102 
 277,063 
 
 Total current assets 
 20,823,779 
 13,985,657 

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 

Property and equipment 
 14,333,666 
 14,100,815 
 
 Accumulated depreciation 
 (5,248,765 
 (4,556,384 
 
 Property and equipment, net 
 9,084,901 
 9,544,431 

TRADEMARK AND PATENTS 

Trademark and patents 
 458,954 
 458,954 
 
 Accumulated amortization 
 (108,836 
 (100,566 
 
 Trademark and patents, net 
 350,118 
 358,388 

OTHER ASSETS 

Security deposits 
 3,515 
 3,515 
 
 Deferred equity financing costs 
 - 
 12,190 
 
 Service agreements 
 - 
 10,158 
 
 Other assets 
 3,515 
 25,863 
 
 Total assets 
 30,262,313 
 23,914,339 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Mortgage note payable- related party 
 - 
 1,081,987 
 
 Accounts payable 
 200,016 
 380,727 
 
 Accounts payable related party 
 31,539 
 561,580 
 
 Loan payable 
 95,306 
 62,843 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 24,285 
 69,240 
 
 Total current liabilities 
 351,146 
 2,156,377 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY: 

Series A convertible preferred stock, 0.001 par value, 10,000,000 shares designated, 371,490 and 368,602 shares issued and outstanding, at June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 372 
 369 
 
 Common stock, 0.001 par value; 150,000,000 shares authorized, 11,515,170, and 9,083,414 shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 11,515 
 9,083 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 144,284,593 
 127,311,634 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (114,385,313 
 (105,563,124 
 
 Total stockholders' equity 
 29,911,167 
 21,757,962 
 
 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 30,262,313 
 23,914,339 

See accompanying notes to the financial statements 

F- 4 

NanoViricides, Inc. 

 Statements of Operations 

Year Ended June 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 OPERATING EXPENSES 

Research and development 
 6,114,541 
 4,695,524 
 5,921,720 
 
 General and administrative 
 2,629,565 
 3,300,935 
 2,737,962 

Total operating expenses 
 8,744,106 
 7,996,459 
 8,659,682 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 
 (8,744,106 
 (7,996,459 
 (8,659,682 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE): 

Interest income 
 9,348 
 17,079 
 55,497 
 
 Interest expense 
 (85,405 
 (93,670 
 - 
 
 Gain on warrant settlement 
 - 
 614,494 
 - 
 
 Loss on issuance of Series A preferred stock for accounts payable-related party 
 - 
 (142,669 
 - 
 
 Loss on disposal of property and equipment 
 (2,026 
 - 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value of derivatives 
 - 
 (5,845,313 
 179,745 

Other (expense) income, net 
 (78,083 
 (5,450,079 
 235,242 
 
 LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAX PROVISION 
 (8,822,189 
 (13,446,538 
 (8,424,440 

INCOME TAX PROVISION 
 - 
 - 
 - 

NET LOSS 
 (8,822,189 
 (13,446,538 
 (8,424,440 

Net loss per common share- basic and diluted 
 (0.81 
 (2.39 
 (2.35 

Weighted average common shares basic and diluted 
 10,900,955 
 5,616,728 
 3,590,070 

See
accompanying notes to the financial statements . 

F- 5 

NanoViricides, Inc. 

 Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 

 For the period from July 1, 2018 through June 30,
2021 

Series A Preferred Stock: Par 0.001 
 Common Stock: 
Par 0.001 

Number of 
 
 Number of 
 
 Additional 
Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance, July 1, 2018 
 226,581 
 227 
 3,458,591 
 3,459 
 101,352,724 
 (83,692,146 
 17,664,264 

Series A Preferred stock issued for employee stock compensation 
 29,133 
 29 
 - 
 - 
 237,839 
 - 
 237,868 
 
 Net proceeds from issuance of common stock in connection with equity financing 
 - 
 - 
 347,223 
 347 
 822,394 
 - 
 822,741 
 
 Options issued for employee compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 11,920 
 
 11,920 
 
 Common stock issued for consulting and legal services rendered 
 - 
 - 
 28,210 
 28 
 208,932 
 - 
 208,960 
 
 Warrants issued to Scientific Advisory Board 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 5,475 
 - 
 5,475 
 
 Common stock issued for employee compensation 
 - 
 - 
 3,572 
 4 
 28,568 
 - 
 28,572 
 
 Common stock issued for Directors fees 
 - 
 - 
 7,325 
 7 
 44,993 
 - 
 45,000 
 
 Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (8,424,440 
 (8,424,440 
 
 Balance, June 30, 2019 
 255,714 
 256 
 3,844,921 
 3,845 
 102,712,845 
 (92,116,586 
 10,600,360 

Series A Preferred stock issued for employee stock compensation 
 2,888 
 3 
 - 
 - 
 230,894 
 - 
 230,897 
 
 Series A Preferred stock issued for accounts payable-related party 
 100,000 
 100 

392,569 
 
 392,669 
 
 Series A Preferred stock issued for loan origination fee 
 10,000 
 10 
 - 
 - 
 39,291 
 - 
 39,301 
 
 Net proceeds from issuance of common stock in connection with equity financings 
 - 
 
 4,275,000 
 4,275 
 16,672,700 
 - 
 16,676,975 
 
 Common stock issued for consulting and legal services rendered 
 - 
 - 
 78,958 
 79 
 254,171 
 - 
 254,250 
 
 Common stock issued for accounts payable 
 - 
 - 
 8,467 
 8 
 51,992 
 - 
 52,000 
 
 Common stock issued in exchange for warrants 
 - 
 - 
 677,224 
 677 
 5,721,866 
 - 
 5,722,543 
 
 Common stock issued upon cashless exercise of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 180,087 
 180 
 1,153,701 
 - 
 1,153,881 
 
 Warrants issued to Scientific Advisory Board 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 7,373 
 - 
 7,373 
 
 Common stock issued for employee compensation 
 - 
 - 
 3,572 
 4 
 29,247 
 - 
 29,251 
 
 Common stock issued for Directors fees 
 - 
 - 
 10,728 
 11 
 44,989 
 - 
 45,000 
 
 Rounding - fractional shares 
 - 
 - 
 4,457 
 4 
 (4 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (13,446,538 
 (13,446,538 

Balance, June 30, 2020 
 368,602 
 369 
 9,083,414 
 9,083 
 127,311,634 
 (105,563,124 
 21,757,962 
 
 Series A Preferred stock issued for employee stock compensation 
 2,888 
 3 
 - 
 - 
 226,303 
 - 
 226,306 
 
 Net proceeds from issuance of common stock in connection with equity financings 
 - 
 
 2,389,584 
 2,390 
 16,561,307 
 - 
 16,563,697 
 
 Common stock issued for consulting and legal services rendered 
 - 
 - 
 25,434 
 25 
 107,975 
 - 
 108,000 
 
 Warrants issued to Scientific Advisory Board 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 6,103 
 - 
 6,103 
 
 Common stock issued for employee compensation 
 - 
 - 
 3,572 
 4 
 15,034 
 - 
 15,038 
 
 Common stock issued for Directors fees 
 - 
 - 
 13,166 
 13 
 56,237 
 - 
 56,250 
 
 Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (8,822,189 
 (8,822,189 

Balance, June 30, 2021 
 371,490 
 372 
 11,515,170 
 11,515 
 144,284,593 
 (114,385,313 
 29,911,167 

See accompanying notes to the financial statements 

F- 6 

NanoViricides, Inc. 

 Statements of Cash Flows 

Year Ended June 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 
 (8,822,189 
 (13,446,538 
 (8,424,440 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Preferred shares issued as compensation 
 226,306 
 230,897 
 237,868 
 
 Common shares issued as compensation and for services 
 179,288 
 328,501 
 282,532 
 
 Loss on issuance of preferred shares for accounts payable-related party 
 - 
 142,669 
 - 
 
 Options granted as compensation 
 - 
 - 
 11,920 
 
 Warrants granted to Scientific Advisory Board 
 6,103 
 7,373 
 5,475 
 
 Depreciation 
 696,268 
 691,454 
 687,640 
 
 Amortization of loan origination fees 
 18,013 
 21,288 
 - 
 
 Amortization 
 8,270 
 8,270 
 8,271 
 
 Loss on disposal of property and equipment 
 2,026 
 - 
 - 
 
 Write-off of deferred financing costs 
 12,190 
 - 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 
 - 
 5,845,313 
 (179,745 
 
 Gain on warrant settlement 
 - 
 (614,494 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 
 205,437 
 (6,849 
 (29,957 
 
 Other long term assets 
 10,158 
 15,513 
 (21,025 
 
 Accounts payable 
 (180,711 
 122,834 
 86,554 
 
 Accounts payable - related parties 
 (530,041 
 (12,203 
 716,315 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 (44,955 
 369 
 (184,178 

NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
 (8,213,837 
 (6,665,603 
 (6,802,770 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property and equipment 
 (238,764 
 (8,638 
 (73,794 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from note payable-related party 
 - 
 1,100,000 
 - 
 
 Net proceeds from issuance of common stock and warrants 
 16,563,697 
 16,676,975 
 2,350,000 
 
 Payment of note payable- related party 
 (1,100,000 
 - 
 - 
 
 Deferred financing costs 
 - 
 (12,190 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from loan payable 
 - 
 155,173 
 - 
 
 Payment of loan payable 
 (203,013 
 (92,330 
 - 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 15,260,684 
 17,827,628 
 2,350,000 

NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
 6,808,083 
 11,153,387 
 (4,526,564 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
 13,708,594 
 2,555,207 
 7,081,771 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 20,516,677 
 13,708,594 
 2,555,207 
 
 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOWS INFORMATION: 

Interest paid 
 4,858 
 132,000 
 - 
 
 Income tax paid 
 - 
 - 
 - 

NON CASH FINANCING AND INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Directors and Officers Insurance financed through loan 
 235,476 
 155,173 
 - 
 
 Cashless exercise of warrants reclassed from warrant liability to common stock 
 - 
 1,153,881 
 - 
 
 Series A preferred stock issued for accounts payable-related party 
 - 
 250,000 
 - 
 
 Series A preferred stock issued for loan origination fee 
 - 
 39,301 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued to settle accounts payable 
 - 
 52,000 
 - 

Stock warrants classified as a liability issued in connection with registered direct offering 

- 

- 

76,363 

See accompanying notes to the financial statements 

F- 7 

NanoViricides, Inc. 

 June 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

 Notes to the Financial Statements 

Note 1 Organization and Nature of Business 

NanoViricides, Inc. (the Company is a nano-biopharmaceutical research and development company specializing in the discovery, development, and commercialization of drugs
to combat viral infections using its unique and novel nanomedicines technology. NanoViricides is also unique in the bio-pharma field in
that it possesses its own state of the art facilities for the design, synthesis, analysis and characterization of the nanomedicines that
we develop, as well as for production scale-up, and c-GMP-like production in quantities needed for human clinical trials, where our design,
development, and production work is performed. The biological studies such as the effectiveness, safety, bio-distribution and Pharmacokinetics/Pharmacodynamics
on our drug candidates are performed by external collaborators and contract organizations. 

The Company has several drugs in various stages
of early development. COVID-19 has become our lead drug program due to the necessity of responding to the pandemic. The Company began
development of a drug to treat COVID-19 patients just as the cases of the novel disease were being reported from China. The Company s
drug candidates for COVID-19 successfully entered core safety pharmacology studies required prior to any human clinical trials around
October/November, 2020. The studies were completed in January and February 2021, and the Company has received draft reports
from the external Contract Research Organization (CRO). The final quality audited reports on these studies are in the quality audit at
this CRO, and are expected to be signed and released very soon. These cGLP core safety pharmacology reports will be required for an Investigational
New Drug (IND) Application. The Company is currently working on a pre-IND application to the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to
seek guidance for an IND. The Company is also involved with tasks needed for setting up and executing human clinical trials for our COVID-19
drug candidates, including selection of a Clinical Trial Contract Research Organization. In addition to the US FDA, the Company is also
seeking to obtain regulatory approvals from other international bodies in order to perform the clinical trials in countries other than
the USA. The Company cannot provide a timeline at this point because of external dependencies in the filing of regulatory applications,
their approval(s) and beginning of clinical trials. As of June 30, 2021, there are 11 COVID-19 drugs that have received Emergency
Use Authorization (EUA) and one drug that has received full approval (remdesivir) from the US FDA (https://www.fda.gov/drugs/coronavirus-covid-19-drugs/coronavirus-treatment-acceleration-program-ctap#dashboard).
In addition, there are at least three vaccines licensed in the USA and several more are in use internationally. Apart from remdesivir
and antibodies, there are very few drugs with direct antiviral effect that have EUA or are in clinical trials. Internationally, virus
variants have continued to emerge with resistance to drugs and vaccines. Scientists believe it is only a matter of time before escape
variants against existing vaccines and therapeutics become commonplace. Thus the need for therapeutics that the virus would not escape
by mutations, such as the broad-spectrum, pan-coronavirus nanoviricides drug candidates, remains unmet. Additionally, specific populations
such as immune-compromised persons, HIV-positive persons, and others would require therapeutics even if they are fully vaccinated, as
the weak immune system in these populations limits the ability of vaccines to protect from COVID-19 infection and disease. 

The Company plans on re-engaging our other lead
antiviral program against herpes viruses, i.e. the HerpeCide program, as soon as it becomes feasible to conduct the corresponding
antiviral human clinical studies. In the HerpeCide program alone, we have drug candidates against at least five indications at different
stages of development. Of these, the Company is advancing the shingles drug candidate towards human clinical trials. The IND-enabling
Safety/Toxicology studies required for doing so have been completed and we were in the process of preparing an IND application for this
drug candidate when the SRAS-CoV-2 virus struck, whereupon we pivoted our efforts to respond to the threat of what has now become the
COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, our drug candidates against HSV-1 cold sores and HSV-2 genital herpes are
in advanced studies and are expected to follow the shingles drug candidate into human clinical trials. Shingles in adults and chicken
pox in children is caused by the same virus, namely VZV (Varicella-zoster virus, aka HHV-3 or human herpesvirus-3). There are estimated
to be approximately 120,000-150,000 annual chickenpox cases in the USA in the post-vaccination-era, i.e. since childhood vaccination with
the live attenuated varicella virus Oka strain has become standard. In addition, we have drugs in development against all influenzas in
our FluCide program, as well as drug candidates against HIV/AIDS, Dengue, Ebola/Marburg, and other viruses. 

F- 8 

Our drugs are based on several patents, patent applications, provisional
patent applications, and other proprietary intellectual property held by TheraCour Pharma, Inc. TheraCour ), to which
we have broad, exclusive licenses. The first license agreement we executed with TheraCour on September 1, 2005 Exclusive
License Agreement ), gave us an exclusive, worldwide license for the treatment of the following human viral diseases: Human Immunodeficiency
Virus (HIV/AIDS), Hepatitis B Virus (HBV), Hepatitis C Virus (HCV), Herpes Simplex Virus (HSV), Influenza and Asian Bird Flu Virus.
On February 15, 2010, the Company executed an Additional License Agreement with TheraCour. Pursuant to the Additional
License Agreement, the Company was granted exclusive licenses for technologies, developed by TheraCour, for the development of drug candidates
for the treatment of Dengue viruses, Ebola/Marburg viruses, Japanese Encephalitis, viruses causing viral Conjunctivitis (a disease of
the eye) and Ocular Herpes. In addition, on November 1, 2019, the Company entered into a world-wide, exclusive, sub-licensable, license VZV License Agreement to use, promote, offer for sale, import, export, sell and distribute drugs that treat VZV infections,
using TheraCour s proprietary as well as patented technology and intellectual property. The discovery of ligands and polymer materials
as well as formulations, the chemistry and chemical characterization, as well as process development and related work will be performed
by TheraCour under the same compensation terms as prior agreements between the parties, with no duplication of costs allowed. Upon commercialization,
NanoViricides will pay 15 of net sales to TheraCour, as defined in the agreement. The Company was not required to make any upfront payments
to TheraCour and agreed to the following milestone payments to TheraCour; the issuance of 75,000 shares of the Company s Series A
Convertible Preferred Stock upon the grant of an IND Application; 1,500,000 in cash upon completion of Phase I Clinical Trials; 2,500,000
in cash upon completion of Phase II clinical trials; and 5,000,000 in cash upon completion of Phase III clinical trials. 

Note 2 Liquidity 

The Company s financial statements have
been prepared assuming that it will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets and
liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As reflected in the financial statements, the Company has an accumulated
deficit at June 30, 2021 of approximately 114.4 million and a net loss of approximately 8.8 million and net cash used in operating
activities of approximately 8.2 million for the fiscal year then ended. In addition, the Company has not generated any revenues and no
revenues are anticipated in the foreseeable future. Since May 2005, the Company has been engaged exclusively in research and development
activities focused on developing targeted antiviral drugs. The Company has not yet commenced any product commercialization. Such losses
are expected to continue for the foreseeable future and until such time, if ever, as the Company is able to attain sales levels sufficient
to support its operations. There can be no assurance that the Company will achieve or maintain profitability in the future. As of June 30,
2021, the Company had available cash and cash equivalents of approximately 20.5 million. 

Since
the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company has focused its efforts primarily on a single lead program to minimize cost outlays, namely,
taking the COVID-19 drug candidate against SARS-CoV-2 into human clinical trials. The prior lead program for a shingles drug will follow
the COVID-19 drug program. The Company has focused its efforts primarily on a single lead program to minimize cost outlays, 

On
July 8, 2020 the Company entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement with Kingswood Capital
Markets, a Division of Benchmark Investments, Inc. Kingswood ). The offering was consummated on July 10, 2020,
whereby the Company sold 1,369,863 shares of common stock and a fully exercised Underwriters over-allotment option of 205,479 additional
shares at the public offering price of 7.30 per share. No warrants were issued in this offering. The net proceeds to the Company from
the offering was approximately 10.4 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other estimated offering expenses. 

On July 31, 2020, the Company entered into an At Market Issuance Sales Agreement (the Sales Agreement with B. Riley
Securities, Inc. and Kingswood Capital Markets, a division of Benchmark Investments, Inc. (each a Sales Agent 
and collectively, the Sales Agents ), pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell, from time to time, through or to
the Sales Agents, shares of Common Stock (the Placement Shares ), having an aggregate offering price of up to 50 million
(the ATM Offering ). Sales pursuant to the Sales Agreement will be made only upon instructions by the Company to the Sales
Agents, and the Company cannot provide any assurances that it will issue any Shares pursuant to the Sales Agreement. Actual sales will
depend on a variety of factors to be determined by the Company from time to time, including (among others) market conditions, the trading
price of the Company s common stock, capital needs and determinations by the Company of the appropriate sources of funding for the
Company. The Company is not obligated to make any sales of common stock under the Sales Agreement and the Company cannot provide any assurances
that it will issue any shares pursuant to the Sales Agreement. The Company will pay a commission rate of up to 3.5 of the gross sales
price per share sold and agreed to reimburse the Sales Agents for certain specified expenses, including the fees and disbursements of
its legal counsel in an amount not to exceed 50,000 and have agreed to reimburse the Sales Agents an amount not to exceed 2,500 per
quarter during the term of the Sales Agreement for legal fees to be incurred by the Sales Agents. The Company has also agreed pursuant
to the Sales Agreement to provide each Sales Agent with customary indemnification and contribution rights. 

F- 9 

On March 2, 2021
the Company sold 814,242 shares of common stock at an average price of 7.83 under the Sales Agreement with B. Riley Securities, Inc.
The net proceeds to the Company from the offering was approximately 6.1 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions
and other offering expenses. 

The Company believes
that it has several important milestones that it will be achieving in the ensuing year. Management believes that as it achieves these
milestones, the Company s ability to raise additional funds in the public markets would be enhanced. 

The Company has not experienced
a direct financial adverse impact of the effects of the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. However, the pandemic required the Company
to reorganize its priorities, because of the impact on the ability to conduct antiviral drug trials for our then lead program for Shingles
drug treatment. While clinical trials were in general adversely affected, the ability to enroll patients into the shingles antiviral drug
clinical trial with the desired inclusion criteria became limited due to the widespread coronavirus infection. The shingles clinical trial
design and conduct would also become more complex. The emergence of widespread health emergencies due to COVID-19 have led to regional
quarantines, shutdowns, shortages, disruptions of supply chains, and economic instability. The impact of COVID-19 on the financial markets
and the overall economy are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. Though the Company has not experienced a direct financial
impact, if the financial markets and/or the overall economy are impacted for an extended period, the Company s ability to raise
funds, in the future, may be materially adversely affected. 

Management believes that the Company s existing
resources will be sufficient to fund the Company s planned operations and expenditures through October 2022. However, the Company
cannot provide assurance that its plans will not change or that changed circumstances will not result in the depletion of its capital
resources more rapidly than it currently anticipates. The Company will need to raise additional capital to fund its long-term operations
and research and development plans including human clinical trials for its various drug candidates until it generates revenue which reaches
a level sufficient to provide self-sustaining cash flows. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that may
result from the outcome of such unidentified uncertainties. 

Note 3 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Basis of Presentation 

The Company s financial statements have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP and include all adjustments
necessary for the fair presentation of the Company s financial position for the periods presented. 

Net Loss per Common Share 

Basic net loss per common share is computed by
dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per common
share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock and potentially outstanding shares of
common stock during the period to reflect the potential dilution that could occur from common shares issuable through stock options, warrants,
convertible preferred stock, and convertible debentures. 

The following table shows the number of potentially
outstanding dilutive common shares excluded from the diluted net loss per common share calculation, as their effect were anti-dilutive: 

Potentially Outstanding Dilutive Common Shares 

For the Years Ended 

June 30, 
2021 
 June 30, 
2020 
 June 30, 
2019 
 
 Warrants 
 9,146 
 22,218 
 398,156 
 
 Options 
 5,000 
 5,000 
 5,000 
 
 Total 
 14,146 
 27,218 
 403,156 

The Company has 371,490, 368,602 and 255,714 shares
of Series A preferred stock outstanding as of June 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Only in the event of a change
of control of the Company, each Series A preferred share is convertible to 3.5 shares of its new common stock. A change
of control is defined as an event in which the Company s shareholders become 60 or less owners of a new entity as a result
of a change of ownership, merger or acquisition of the Company or the Company s intellectual property. In the absence of a change
of control event, the Series A preferred stock is not convertible into common stock, and does not carry any dividend rights or any
other financial effects. At June 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 the number of potentially dilutive shares of the Company s common
stock into which these Series A preferred shares can be converted into is 1,300,215, 1,290,107, and 894,999, respectively, and is
not included in diluted earnings per share since the shares are contingently convertible only upon a change of control. 

F- 10 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying
notes. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the
circumstances. The amounts of assets and liabilities reported in the Company s balance sheet and the amounts of expenses reported
for each of the periods presented are affected by estimates and assumptions, which are used for, but not limited to, accounting for share-based
compensation, accounting for derivatives and accounting for income taxes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

Fair value is defined as the price that would
be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date. When determining the fair value for applicable assets and liabilities, we consider the principal or most advantageous market in
which we would transact and we consider assumptions market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, such as inherent
risk, transfer restrictions, and risk of nonperformance. This guidance also establishes a fair value hierarchy to prioritize inputs used
in measuring fair value as follows: 

Level 1: Observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets; 

Level 2: Inputs, other than quoted prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly; and 

Level 3: Unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data, which require the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions. 

Long-Lived Assets 

Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets
to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to the future undiscounted net cash flows expected
to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount
by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets and would be charged to earnings. Fair value is determined
through various valuation techniques including discounted cash flow models, quoted market values and third-party independent appraisals,
as considered necessary. The Company has not recorded an impairment charge for the years ended June 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

The Company considers all highly liquid instruments
with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 

Property and Equipment 

Property and equipment is stated at cost and depreciated
over the estimated useful lives of the assets, using the straight-line method. The Company generally assigns useful lives of thirty years
for assets classified as GMP facility, fifteen years for assets classified as furniture and fixtures, ten years for assets classified
as lab equipment, and five years for assets classified as office equipment. Expenditures for major additions and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance
and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. Upon sale or retirement of property and equipment, the related cost and accumulated
depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is reflected in the statements of operations. 

Trademarks and Patents 

The Company amortizes the costs of trademarks
and patents on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, the terms of the exclusive licenses and/or agreements, or the
terms of legal lives of the patents, whichever is shorter. Upon becoming fully amortized, the related cost and accumulated amortization
are removed from the accounts. 

Research and Development 

Research and development expenses consist primarily
of costs associated with the preclinical and/ or clinical trials of drug candidates, compensation and other expenses for research and
development, personnel, supplies and development materials, costs for consultants and related contract research and facility costs. Expenditures
relating to research and development are expensed as incurred. 

F- 11 

Stock-Based Compensation 

The Company follows the provisions of ASC 718
 Stock Compensation , which requires the measurement of compensation expense for all shared-based payment awards made
to employees and non-employee directors, including employee stock options. Stock-based compensation expense is based on the grant date
fair value estimated in accordance with the provisions of ASC 718 and is generally recognized as an expense over the requisite service
period, net of forfeitures. 

The fair value of common stock issued as employee
compensation is the average of the open and close share price on the date the common shares are issued. 

The Series A preferred shares are not traded
in any market. The assumptions used to determine the fair value of the Series A preferred shares issued as employee compensation
are presented in Note 10 to the financial statements. 

The fair value of each option award is estimated
on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option-pricing valuation model. The ranges of assumptions for inputs are as follows: 

Expected term of share options and similar instruments: The expected term of share options and similar instruments represents the period of time the options and similar instruments are expected to be outstanding taking into consideration the contractual term of the instruments and employees expected exercise and post-vesting employment termination behavior into the fair value of the instruments. The Company uses the simplified method to calculate expected term of share options and similar instruments, as the Company does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate the expected term. 

Expected volatility of the Company s shares and the method used to estimate it: Expected volatility is based on the average historical volatility of the Company s common stock over the expected term of the option. 

Expected annual rate of quarterly dividends: The expected dividend yield is based on the Company s current dividend yield as the best estimate of projected dividend yield for periods within the expected term of the option and similar instruments. 

Risk-free rate(s): The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for periods within the expected term of the option and similar instruments. 

The Company s policy is to recognize compensation
cost for awards with only service conditions and a graded vesting schedule on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period
for the entire award. 

F- 12 

Income Tax Provision 

The Company uses the asset and liability method
of accounting for deferred income taxes. Deferred income taxes are measured by applying enacted statutory rates to net operating loss
carryforwards and to the differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets are
reduced, if necessary, by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will
not be realized. 

The Company recognizes uncertainty in income taxes
in the financial statements using a recognition threshold and measurement attribute of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in
a tax return. The Company applies the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold to all tax positions, which resulted in
no unrecognized tax benefits as of June 30, 2021 and 2020. The Company has opted to classify interest and penalties that would accrue,
if any, according to the provisions of relevant tax law as general and administrative expenses, in the statements of operations. For the
years ended June 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 there was no such interest or penalty. 

Concentrations of Risk 

Financial instruments that potentially subject
us to a significant concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents. The Company maintains deposits in federally
insured institutions in excess of federally insured limits. The Company does not believe it is exposed to significant credit risk due
to the financial position of the depository institutions in which those deposits are held. 

F- 13 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

The Company considers the
applicability and impact of all Accounting Standard Updates ASU s ). There were no recent ASU s that
are expected to have a material impact on the Company s balance sheets or statements of operations. 

F- 14 

Note 4 Related Party Transactions 

Related Parties 

Related parties with whom the Company had transactions
are: 

Related Parties 
 Relationship 

Dr. Anil R. Diwan 
 Chairman, President, CEO, significant stockholder and Director 

TheraCour Pharma, Inc. 
 TheraCour 
 An entity owned and controlled by Dr. Anil R. Diwan 

F- 15 

Property and Equipment 

For the Year Ended 

June 30, 2021 
 June 30, 2020 
 June 30, 2019 
 
 During the reporting period, TheraCour acquired property and equipment on behalf of the Company from third party vendors and sold such property and equipment at cost, to the Company 
 171,668 
 8,638 
 23,666 

Accounts Payable- Related Party 

As of 

June 30, 2021 
 June 30, 2020 
 
 Pursuant to an Exclusive
 License Agreement we entered into with TheraCour, the Company was granted exclusive licenses for technologies developed by TheraCour
 for the virus types: HIV, HCV, Herpes, Asian (bird) flu, Influenza and rabies. On November 1, 2019, the Company entered into
 the VZV Licensing Agreement with TheraCour. In consideration for obtaining these exclusive licenses we agreed: (1) that
 TheraCour can charge its costs (direct and indirect) plus no more than 30 of certain direct costs as a development fee and such
 development fees shall be due and payable in periodic installments as billed, (2) we will pay 2,000 or actual costs each
 month, whichever is higher for other general and administrative expenses incurred by TheraCour on our behalf, (3) to make
 royalty payments of 15 (calculated as a percentage of net sales of the licensed drugs) to TheraCour and; (4) to pay an
 advance payment equal to twice the amount of the previous months invoice to be applied as a prepayment towards expenses. On
 October 2, 2018, the Company agreed to enter into an agreement with TheraCour for a waiver of two months worth of prepaid
 balance in advance of anticipated invoicing until the filing of an IND and the application of the current advance as a credit
 against current open invoices. Additionally, TheraCour agreed to defer 25,000 per month of development fees, beginning with
 July 2018 through December 31, 2019. Accounts payable due TheraCour at June 30, 2021 was 522,539 which was
 offset by a two month advance (see above) of 491,000. There was no advance at June 30, 2020. 
 31,539 
 561,580 

Research and Development Costs Paid to Related
Party 

For the Year Ended 

June 30, 2021 
 June 30, 2020 
 June 30, 2019 
 
 Development fees and other
 costs charged by TheraCour pursuant to the License Agreements between TheraCour and the Company for the development of the
 Company s drug pipeline. No royalties are due TheraCour from the Company at June 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 2,803,827 
 2,158,034 
 3,119,863 

F- 16 

Mortgage Note Payable - Related Party 

On December 16, 2019, the Company entered
into an Open End Mortgage Note (the Note with Dr. Anil Diwan, the Company s founder, Chairman, President and
CEO, to loan the Company up to 2,000,000 in two tranches of 1,000,000 (the Loan ). The Note was paid off on December 31,
2020. The Note bore interest at the rate of 12 per annum and was secured by a mortgage granted against the Company s headquarters.
Dr. Anil Diwan received 10,000 shares of the Company s Series A preferred stock as a loan origination fee which was
amortized over the one year term of the loan using the effective interest method. The fair value of the 10,000 shares of the Company s
Series A preferred stock when issued on December 16, 2019 was 39,301. The Series A preferred stock fair value is based
on the greater of the i) the converted value to common at a ratio of 1:3.5; or ii) the value of the voting rights since the Holder would
lose the voting rights upon conversion. For the assumptions used in calculating the fair value of the preferred shares, the conversion
of the shares is triggered by a change of control. Amortization expense on the loan origination fee for the years ended June 30,
2021 and 2020 was 18,013 and 21,288 respectively, The Company had drawn down 1.1 million of this loan. Interest was payable only on
the amount drawn down. The lender had escrowed 132,000 of interest payable pursuant to the Loan. For the years ended June 30, 2021
and 2020, the Company incurred interest expense of 62,773 and 69,227, respectively, which reduced the interest escrow balance included
in prepaid expenses. 

Note 5 Property and Equipment 

Property and equipment, stated at cost, less accumulated
depreciation consisted of the following: 

June 30, 2021 
 June 30, 2020 
 
 GMP Facility 
 8,020,471 
 8,020,471 

Land 
 260,000 
 260,000 

Office Equipment 
 57,781 
 57,781 

Furniture and Fixtures 
 5,607 
 5,607 

Lab Equipment 
 5,989,807 
 5,756,956 

Total Property and Equipment 
 14,333,666 
 14,100,815 

Less Accumulated Depreciation 
 (5,248,765 
 (4,556,384 
 
 Property and Equipment, Net 
 9,084,901 
 9,544,431 

Depreciation expense for the years ended June 30,
2021, 2020 and 2019 was 696,268, 691,454, and 687,640, respectively. 

F- 17 

Note 6 Trademark and Patents 

Trademark and patents, stated at cost, less accumulated
amortization consisted of the following: 

June 30, 2021 
 June 30, 2020 
 
 Trademarks and Patents 
 458,954 
 458,954 
 
 Less Accumulated Amortization 
 (108,836 
 (100,566 
 
 Trademarks and Patents, Net 
 350,118 
 358,388 

Amortization expense amounted to 8,270, 8,270,
and 8,271 for the years ended June 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

The Company amortizes our trademarks and patents
over their expected original useful lives of 17 years. 

Amortization expense in future years is as follows: 

Years
ended June 30 , 

2022 
 8,271 
 
 2023 
 8,271 
 
 2024 
 8,271 
 
 2025 
 8,271 
 
 2026 
 8,271 
 
 Thereafter 
 308,763 
 
 Total amortization 
 350,118 

F- 18 

Note 7 Accrued expenses 

Accrued expenses consisted of the following: 

June 30, 2021 
 June 30, 2020 
 
 Severance payment 
 
 21,000 
 
 Personnel and compensation costs 
 24,285 
 38,240 
 
 Consultant 
 
 10,000 

24,285 
 69,240 

Note 8 Loan Payable 

The Company financed its Directors and Officers liability insurance
policies through BankDirect for the periods January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021 and January 1, 2020 to December 31,
2020. The original loan balances as of January 1, 2021 and January 1, 2020 was 235,476 and 155,173, respectively, payable
at the rate of 24,062 and 15,874 monthly including interest at an annual rate of 4.74 and 5 , respectively, through October of
each year. At June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, the loan balance was 95,306 and 62,843, respectively. For
the years ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, the Company incurred interest expense of 4,858 and 2,516, respectively. 

Note 9 Equity Transactions 

Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2019 Transactions 

On July 11, 2018 the Board of Directors approved
an extension of the employment agreement with Dr. Anil Diwan, the Company s President. Pursuant to the terms of the employment
agreement, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 26,250 of the Company s Series A preferred stock
to Dr. Anil Diwan. The shares shall be vested in one-third increments on June 30, 2019, June 30, 2020 and June 30,
2021 and are subject to forfeiture. The Company recognized non-cash compensation expense related to the issuance of the Series A
preferred stock of 189,040 for the year ended June 30, 2019. The balance of 371,650 will be recognized as the shares vest and service
is rendered. 

On July 19, 2018, the Company entered into
an Employment Agreement with Dr. Irach Taraporewala as Chief Executive Officer of the Company beginning on September 1, 2018.
Dr. Taraporewala was granted options to purchase up to 15,000 shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share
at an exercise price equal to 20 above the closing bid price of 8.20 of the common stock on September 1, 2018 Effective
Date ). The options shall vest in three, equal, annual installments commencing on the effective date. The grant date fair value
of the options was 35,761 of which 11,920 was recognized and recorded as compensation expense for the year ended June 30, 2019.
On January 24, 2019, Dr. Taraporewala resigned as the Chief Executive Officer of NanoViricides, Inc. (the Company for personal reasons and all unvested options were forfeited. (See Note 14). 

The Company estimated the fair value of the options
granted to Dr. Taraporewala on the date of the grant using a lattice model that values the options based upon a stock price modeled
such that it follows a geometric Brownian motion with constant drift and volatility. 

For the year ended June 30, 2019, the Scientific
Advisory Board was granted fully vested warrants to purchase 2,287 shares of common stock at exercise prices between 6.00- 9.40 per
share expiring in the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023. These warrants were valued at 5,475 and recorded as consulting
expense. 

For the year ended June 30, 2019, the Company
estimated the fair value of the warrants granted quarterly to the Scientific Advisory Board on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes
Option-Pricing Model with the following weighted-average assumptions: 

Expected life (year) 

4 

Expected volatility 

47.46-55.12 

Expected annual rate of quarterly dividends 

0.00 

Risk-free rate(s) 

2.14-2.93 

F- 19 

On February 27, 2019, the Company entered
into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Agreement with certain institutional investors (the Purchasers ),
for a registered direct offering (the Offering of 347,223 shares of common stock Shares at the purchase
price of 7.20 Purchase Price per share for an aggregate of 2,500,000. 

The offer and sale of the Shares in the registered
direct offering was registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), pursuant to the Company s
shelf registration statement on Form S-3, as amended (File No. 333-216345), which became effective on April 25, 2017. Pursuant
to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, the Company has filed a prospectus supplement in connection with such offering. 

In a concurrent private placement, the Purchasers
received warrants (the Warrants to purchase up to 347,223 shares of common stock. The Warrants have an exercise price of
 12.20 per share, shall be exercisable on the six-month anniversary of issuance and will expire five (5) years thereafter. The Warrants
are exercisable for cash or, solely in the absence of an effective registration statement or prospectus, by cashless exercise. 

The Company accounted for the proceeds of the
Offering at February 27, 2019 as follows: 

Gross proceeds 
 2,500,000 
 
 Less: Offering costs 
 150,000 
 
 Net proceeds 
 2,350,000 

Portion allocated to derivative liability - warrants 
 (1,527,259 

Net proceeds from issuance of common stock 
 822,741 

The exercise price of the Warrants is subject
to adjustment in the case of customary events such as stock dividends or other distributions on shares of common stock or any other equity
or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of common stock, stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications or similar events
affecting our common stock, and also, subject to limitations, upon any distribution of assets, including cash, stock or other property
to our stockholders. The exercise of the Warrants is subject to certain beneficial ownership and other limitations set forth in the Warrants.
The Company will receive proceeds from the concurrent private placement transaction solely to the extent the Warrants are exercised for
cash. 

In connection with the Offering and the concurrent
private placement, the Company engaged Chardan Capital Markets, LLC (the Placement Agent to act as its exclusive placement
agent. The Company agreed to pay the Placement Agent a cash placement fee equal to 5 of the aggregate purchase price for the common stock
sold in the offering, plus 25,000 in legal fees. The net proceeds from the offering were 2,350,000. 

The Company determined the fair value of the Warrants
at February 27, 2019 to be 1,527,259. The Company used a lattice model to calculate the fair value of the derivative warrants based
on a probability weighted discounted cash flow model. This model is based on future projections of the various potential outcomes. The
features that were analyzed and incorporated into the model included the exercise and full reset features. Under applicable accounting
guidance contained in ASU 2017-11, adopted by the Company on January 1, 2019, stock warrants are to be accounted for as equity if
the warrants contain full-ratchet anti-dilution provisions. The warrants described above contained a full-ratchet anti-dilution feature
but also contained other adjustment features which required that the warrants be classified as a derivative liability. 

The Warrants were valued as of February 27,
2019 (the issuance date) and June 30, 2019 with the following assumptions: 

- 
 The 5.5-year warrants were issued on February 27, 2019 with an exercise price of 12.20 (subject to adjustments-full ratchet reset). 

- 
 The stock price would fluctuate with the Company s projected volatility. 

- 
 The Holder would exercise the warrants as they become exercisable (effective registration at issuance) at target prices of the higher of 2 times the projected exercise/reset price or 2 times the stock price. 

- 
 The Holder would exercise the warrant at maturity if the stock price was above the project reset prices. 

- 
 The risk free rate at February 27, 2019 and June 30, 2019 was 2.48 and 1.95 respectively. 

- 
 The fundamental transaction projected with 0 probability increasing 1 per quarter to maximum of 10 and settlement based on the Black Scholes value. 

- 
 Stock price at February 27, 2019 was 9.60 

- 
 Stock price at June 30, 2019 was 4.80 

F- 20 

- 
 The next capital raise is projected to occur during 2020 (annually 12 months from issuance) at prices approximating 100 market triggering a reset event and exercise price adjustment. 

- 
 The stock price would fluctuate with an annual volatility. The projected volatility curve was based on historical volatilities of the Company for the valuation period. The projected annual volatility for the valuation date is: 

1 Year 

2/27/2019 
 75 
 
 6/30/2019 
 76.1 

The primary factors driving the economic value
of options are stock price; stock volatility; reset events and exercise behavior. Projections of these variables over the remaining term
of the warrant are either derived or based on industry averages. Based on the above, a probability was assigned to each scenario for each
future period, and the appropriate derivative value was determined for each scenario. The option value was then probability weighted and
discounted to the present. (See Note 11). 

For the year ended June 30, 2019, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 2,888 shares of its Series A preferred stock, which are fully vested with a restrictive
legend for employee compensation. The Company recorded an expense of 48,828, which is the fair value at date of issuance. 

The fair value of all Series A preferred stock issued during the
year ended June 30, 2019 was the following for the dates indicated: 

Date 
 Shares 
 Value 
 
 7/11/2018 
 26,250 
 560,690 
 
 7/31/2018 
 129 
 2,795 
 
 8/31/2018 
 129 
 2,374 
 
 9/30/2018 
 129 
 2,598 
 
 10/31/2018 
 129 
 2,233 
 
 11/30/2018 
 129 
 1,883 
 
 12/31/2018 
 129 
 2,245 
 
 1/31/2019 
 129 
 1,203 
 
 2/28/2019 
 129 
 1,949 
 
 3/01/2019 
 1,340 
 24,340 
 
 3/31/2019 
 129 
 2,336 
 
 4/30/2019 
 129 
 1,636 
 
 5/31/2019 
 129 
 1,540 
 
 6/30/2019 
 129 
 1,696 

29,138 
 609,518 

There is currently no market for the shares of
Series A preferred stock and they can only be converted into shares of common stock upon a change of control of the Company as more
fully described in the Certificate of Designation. The Company, therefore, estimated the fair value of the Series A preferred stock
granted to various employees and others on the date of grant. The Series A preferred stock fair value is based on the greater of
i) the converted value to common stock at a ratio of 1:3.5; or ii) the value of the voting rights since the holder would lose the voting
rights upon conversion. The conversion of the shares is triggered by a change of control. The valuations of the Series A preferred
stock at each issuance used the following inputs: 

a. 
 The common stock price was in the range 4.00 to 11.60; 

b. 
 The calculated weighted average number of shares of common stock in the period; 

c. 
 A 26.63 premium over the common shares for the voting preferences; 

d. 
 The calculated weighted average number of total voting shares and the monthly shares representing voting rights of 19.28 to 19.52 of the total; 

e. 
 The conversion value was based on an assumption for calculation purposes only, of a change of control in 4 years from October 31, 2016 and a remaining restricted term of 2.34 to 1.34 years. 

f. 
 31.25 to 33.16 restricted stock discount (based on a restricted stock analysis and call-put analysis curve: 79.20 to 90.60 volatility, 2.50 to 2.35 risk free rate) applied to the converted common. 

F- 21 

For the year ended June 30, 2019, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 3,572 fully vested shares of its common stock for employee compensation. The Company recognized
a noncash compensation expense of 28,572, which was the fair value on the date of issuance. 

For the year ended June 30, 2019, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 28,210 fully vested shares of its common stock with a restrictive legend for consulting
services. The Company recorded an expense of 208,960, which was the fair value at the dates of issuance. 

For the year ended June 30, 2019, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 7,325 fully vested shares of its common stock with a restrictive legend for director services.
The Company recorded an expense of 45,000, which was the fair value at date of issuance. 

Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2020 Transactions 

On July 11, 2018 the Board of Directors approved
an extension of the employment agreement with Dr. Anil Diwan, the Company s President. Pursuant to the terms of the employment
agreement, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 26,250 of the Company s Series A preferred stock
to Dr. Anil Diwan. The shares shall be vested in one-third increments on June 30, 2019, June 30, 2020 and June 30,
2021 and are subject to forfeiture. The Company recognized non-cash compensation expense related to the issuance of the Series A
preferred stock of 189,040 for the year ended June 30, 2020. The balance of 182,610 will be recognized as the remaining 8,750 shares
vest and service is rendered for the year ended June 30, 2021. 

For the year ended June 30, 2020, the Scientific
Advisory Board was granted fully vested warrants to purchase 2,286 shares of common stock at exercise prices between 2.63- 12.16 per
share expiring in the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024. These warrants were valued at 7,373 and recorded as consulting
expense. 

For the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company
estimated the fair value of the warrants granted quarterly to the Scientific Advisory Board on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes
Option-Pricing Model with the following weighted-average assumptions: 

Expected life (year) 
 4 

Expected volatility 
 47.99-90.32 

Expected annual rate of quarterly dividends 
 0.00 

Risk-free rate(s) 
 0.25-1.63 

F- 22 

On January 21, 2020, the Company entered
into an Underwriting Agreement with Aegis Capital Corp. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Underwriting Agreement, we agreed
to issue and sell 2,500,000 shares of our common stock, par value 0.001 per share, at a price to the public of 3.00 per share. Pursuant
to the Underwriting Agreement, we also granted the underwriter an option to purchase up to an additional 375,000 shares of our common
stock within 45 days after the date of the Underwriting Agreement to cover over-allotments, if any. The Final Prospectus for the
offering was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, on January 23, 2020. 

The offering was consummated on January 25,
2020. The Company sold the Underwritten Shares and the underwriter exercised its option to purchase an additional 375,000 shares of common
stock at the public offering price of 3.00 per share. The net proceeds to the Company after underwriter's commission and agreed
upon customary fees and expenses, and deducting the Company's legal and accounting expenses related to the Offering was 7,457,575. 

The Company accounted for the proceeds of the
Offering at January 25, 2020 as follows: 

Gross proceeds 
 8,625,000 
 
 Less: offering costs 
 (1,167,425 
 
 Net proceeds from issuance of common stock 
 7,457,575 

On January 24, 2020, the Company entered
into a Binding Term Sheet which was incorporated on January 27, 2020 in a Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release (the Settlement
Agreement with the investor parties (collectively, the Investors to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement
dated as of February 27, 2019 (the Securities Purchase Agreement to settle an action commenced by the Investors to,
among other things, enjoin the Company s previously disclosed underwritten public offering (the Action 

On January 27, 2020, the Company entered
into an Exchange Agreement with each of the Investors pursuant to the Settlement Agreement. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the
Exchange Agreement, the Investors agreed to terminate certain restrictive covenants in the Securities Purchase Agreement, including a
bar on all offerings of securities below the exercise price of the Warrants to purchase common stock issued February 19, 2019 (the
 Old Warrants ), and the Company agreed to exchange 347,222 of the Investors Old Warrants for an aggregate of (i) 677,224
shares of common stock and (ii) new warrants, to purchase 347,222 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 3.00 per share
and expire on August 24, 2024 (the New Warrants ). The common stock issued had a fair value of 5,722,543 using
the closing price of 8.45 on January 24, 2020 resulting in an increase to common stock of 677 and additional paid in capital of
 5,721,866 and the New Warrants had a fair market value of 2,066,425 which was recorded as a derivative liability. The aggregate fair
value of the common stock and New Warrants issued as part of the Exchange Agreement was 7,788,968. The Old Warrants were remeasured to
a fair value of 8,403,462 on January 24, 2020 immediately prior to the exchange. As a result of the Exchange Agreement, a gain on
warrant settlement was recognized in the amount of 614,494 calculated as the difference between the fair value of the Old Warrants immediately
prior to the exchange and the aggregate fair value of the common stock and New Warrants issued in the exchange. On March 16, 2020
the shareholders of NanoViricides authorized an increase in the number of authorized common stock to 150,000,000 shares and the New Warrants
were issued and exercisable. These warrants contained a full-ratchet anti-dilution feature but also contained other adjustment features
which required that the warrants be classified as a derivative liability. 

The 347,222 New Warrants were exercised on March 23,
2020 and March 25, 2020 pursuant to a cashless exercise provision resulting in the issuance of 180,087 shares of common stock. The
fair value of the warrants were reset to fair value as of March 23, 2020 and March 25, 2020, and, upon exercise of the warrants,
the derivative liability was reclassified to equity of 1,153,881. 

On May 21, 2020,
the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with certain institutional investors for an offering of 1,400,000 shares (the
 Shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share at the purchase price of 7.30 per share. The Shares
were issued pursuant to a prospectus supplement dated May 21, 2020 which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
May 22, 2020 in connection with a takedown from the Company s shelf registration statement on Form S-3, as amended (File
No. 333-237370), which became effective on April 2, 2020 and the base prospectus dated April 2, 2020 contained in that
registration statement. The Offering closed on May 22, 2020. The net proceeds to the Company from the offering are approximately
 9.2 million after placement agent fees and other estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. 

F- 23 

The Company accounted for the proceeds of the
Offering at May 22, 2020 as follows: 

Gross proceeds 
 10,220,000 
 
 Less: offering costs 
 (1,000,600 
 
 Net proceeds from issuance of common stock 
 9,219,400 

For the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 10,000 fully vested shares of its Series A preferred stock for a loan origination fee
to a related party with a fair value of 39,301, which is the fair value at date of issuance. See Note 4. 

For the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 100,000 fully vested shares of its Series A preferred stock with a fair value of 392,669
in exchange for 250,000 of previously deferred development fees to a related party and recognized a loss on the exchange of 142,669.
See Note 4. 

For the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 2,888 shares of its Series A preferred stock, which are fully vested with a restrictive
legend for employee compensation. The Company recorded an expense of 41,857, which is the fair value at date of issuance. 

There is currently no market for the shares of
Series A preferred stock and they can only be converted into shares of common stock upon a change of control of the Company as more
fully described in the Certificate of Designation. The Company, therefore, estimated the fair value of the Series A preferred stock
granted to various employees and others on the date of grant. The Series A preferred stock fair value is based on the greater of
i) the converted value to common stock at a ratio of 1:3.5; or ii) the value of the voting rights since the holder would lose the voting
rights upon conversion. The conversion of the shares is triggered by a change of control. The valuations of the Series A preferred
stock at each issuance, except for the period April 1, 2020 through June 30, 2020 used the following inputs: 

a. 
 The common stock price was in the range 2.03 to 10.82; 

b. 
 The calculated weighted average number of shares of common stock in the period; 

c. 
 A 26.63 premium over the common shares for the voting preferences; 

d. 
 The calculated weighted average number of total voting shares and the monthly shares representing voting rights of 14.9 to 18.3 of the total; 

e. 
 Prior to January 1, 2020, the conversion value is based on an assumption for calculation purposes only of a Change of Control in 4 years from October 31, 2016 and a remaining restricted term of 1.08 to .92 years. From January 1, 2020 the conversion value is based on the assumption for calculation purposes only, of a Change of Control in five years from 12/31/2019 for the issuances and a remaining restricted term of 5.00 to 4.84 years; 

f. 
 29.30 to 48.66 restricted stock discount (based on a restricted stock analysis and call-put analysis curve: 80.41 to 82.23 volatility, 1.69 to 1.73 risk free rate) applied to the converted common. 

For the period April 1, 2020 through June 30,
2020, the Series A preferred stock fair value is based on the converted value to common stock at a ratio of 1:3.5 multiplied by the
monthly average of the daily open and close price of the common stock. 

For the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 3,572 fully vested shares of its common stock for employee compensation. The Company recognized
a noncash compensation expense of 29,251, which was the fair value on the date of issuance. 

For the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 78,958 fully vested shares of its common stock with a restrictive legend for consulting
services. The Company recorded an expense of 254,250, which was the fair value at the dates of issuance. 

For the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 10,728 fully vested shares of its common stock with a restrictive legend for director services.
The Company recorded an expense of 45,000, which was the fair value at date of issuance. 

For the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 25,667 fully vested shares of its common stock with a restrictive legend to satisfy open
accounts payable of 77,000 for consulting services. The number of shares issued to settle the accounts payable was calculated using the
market price of the common stock on the settlement date. 

For the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized the settlement with a vendor to redeem and cancel 17,200 shares of its common stock with a restrictive legend,
which were initially issued in payment of accounts payable of 25,000. The shares were canceled and reported as reductions of common stock
issued in exchange for accounts payable reported in the Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity as a decrease of 25,000. The
redemption and cancellation had no effect on the results of operations for the year ended June 30, 2020. 

Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2021 Transactions 

On July 11, 2018 the Board of Directors approved
an extension of the employment agreement with Dr. Anil Diwan, the Company s President. Pursuant to the terms of the employment
agreement, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 26,250 of the Company s Series A preferred stock
to Dr. Anil Diwan. The shares shall be vested in one-third increments on June 30, 2019, June 30, 2020 and June 30,
2021 and are subject to forfeiture. The Company recognized non-cash compensation expense related to the issuance of the Series A
preferred stock of 182,610 for the year ended June 30, 2021. 

F- 24 

For the year ended June 30, 2021, the
Scientific Advisory Board was granted fully vested warrants to purchase 2,288 shares of common stock at exercise prices between
 3.94- 6.86 per share expiring in the fiscal year ending June 30, 2025. The fair value of the warrants was 6,103 for the
year ended June 30, 2021 and recorded as consulting expense. 

For the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company
estimated the fair value of the warrants granted quarterly to the Scientific Advisory Board on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes
Option-Pricing Model with the following weighted-average assumptions: 

Expected life (year) 

4 

Expected volatility 

91.14-91.92 

Expected annual rate of quarterly dividends 

0.00 

Risk-free rate(s) 

0.24-.58 

On
July 8, 2020 the Company entered into an Underwriting Agreement with Kingswood. Pursuant to the terms and conditions
of the Underwriting Agreement, the Company agreed to issue and sell 1,369,863 shares
of our common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Underwritten Shares ), at a price to the public of 7.30 per share.
Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, the Company also granted the underwriter
an option to purchase up to an additional 205,479 shares of common stock (together with the Underwritten Shares, the Shares within 45 days after the date of the Underwriting Agreement to cover over-allotments, if any. The shares were issued pursuant to a prospectus
supplement dated July 8, 2020 which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 9, 2020 in connection with
a takedown from the Company s shelf registration statement on Form S-3, as amended (File No. 333-237370), which became
effective on April 2, 2020 and the base prospectus dated April 2, 2020 contained in that registration statement. The offering
was consummated on July 10, 2020, whereby the Company sold 1,369,863 shares of common stock and a fully exercised Underwriters 
overallotment of 205,479 additional shares at the public offering price of 7.30 per share. The net proceeds to the Company from the offering
was approximately 10.4 million after placement agent fees and other estimated offering expenses. 

The Company accounted for the proceeds of the
offering at July 10, 2020 as follows: 

Gross proceeds 

11,499,997 

Less: offering costs and expenses 

(1,057,781) 
 
 Net proceeds from issuance of common stock 

10,442,216 

On July 31, 2020, the Company entered into a Sales Agreement with
the Sales Agents, pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell, from time to time, through or to the Sales Agents, shares of common
stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 50 million. On March 2, 2021 the Company sold 814,242 shares of common stock at
an average price of approximately 7.83 per share. The shares were issued pursuant to a prospectus supplement dated December 3, 2020
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 10, 2020 in connection with the Company s shelf registration
statement on Form S-3, as amended (File No. 333-237370), which became effective on April 2, 2020. The net proceeds to the
Company from the offering was approximately 6.1 million after placement agent fees and other estimated offering expenses. 

The Company accounted for the proceeds of the
ATM Offering at March 2, 2021 as follows: 

Gross proceeds 

6,374,211 

Less: offering costs and expenses 

(252,730) 
 
 Net proceeds from issuance of common stock 

6,121,481 

F- 25 

For the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 2,888 shares of its Series A preferred stock, which are fully vested with a restrictive
legend for employee compensation. The Company recorded an expense of 43,696, which is the fair value at date of issuance. 

There is currently no market for the shares of
Series A preferred stock and they can only be converted into shares of common stock upon a change of control of the Company as more
fully described in the Certificate of Designation. The Company, therefore, estimated the fair value of the Series A preferred stock
granted to various employees and others on the date of grant. The Series A preferred stock fair value is based on the greater of
i) the converted value to common stock at a ratio of 1:3.5; or ii) the value of the voting rights since the holder would lose the voting
rights upon conversion. The conversion of the shares is triggered by a change of control. 

The Series A preferred stock fair value is based on the converted
value to common stock at a ratio of 1:3.5 multiplied by the monthly average of the daily open and close price of the common stock. 

For the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 3,572 fully vested shares of its common stock for employee compensation. The Company recognized
a noncash compensation expense of 15,038, which was the fair value on the date of issuance. 

For the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 25,434 fully vested shares of its common stock with a restrictive legend for consulting
services. The Company recorded an expense of 108,000, which was the fair value at the dates of issuance. 

For the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 13,166 fully vested shares of its common stock with a restrictive legend for director services.
The Company recorded an expense of 56,250, which was the fair value at date of issuance. 

Note 10 Stock Options and Warrants 

Stock Options 

The following table presents the activity of stock options for the
years ended June 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019: 

Stock Options 
 Number of Shares 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price per share ) 
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (years) 
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value ) 
 
 Outstanding at June 30, 2018 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Granted 
 15,000 
 10.00 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 
 10,000 
 10.00 
 - 
 - 
 
 Canceled 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at June 30, 2019 
 5,000 
 10.00 
 2.16 
 - 
 
 Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Canceled 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding and exercisable at June 30, 2020 
 5,000 
 10.00 
 1.16 
 - 
 
 Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Canceled 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding and exercisable at June 30, 2021 
 5,000 
 10.00 
 .16 
 - 

Of the above options, 5,000 became vested and
exercisable on September 1, 2018. The options expire on August 31, 2021. On January 24, 2019, Dr. Taraporewala resigned
as the Chief Operating Officer of the Company and the 10,000 remaining unvested options were forfeited. See Note 14. 

The Company estimated the fair value of the options
granted to Dr. Taraporewala on the date of the grant using a lattice model that values the options based upon a stock price modeled
such that is follows a geometric Brownian motion with constant drift and volatility. 

F- 26 

For the years ended June 30, 2021, 2020
and 2019, the Company recognized compensation expense of 0, 0 and 11,920 related to vested options granted to
Dr. Taraporewala. As of June 30, 2021, there was no unrecognized compensation cost. 

Stock Warrants 

Stock Warrants 
 Number of Shares 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price per share ) 
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (years) 
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value ) 
 
 Outstanding and exercisable at June 30, 2018 
 348,480 
 96.00 
 .53 
 - 
 
 Granted 
 349,509 
 12.20 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 299,837 
 101.60 
 - 
 - 
 
 Canceled 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding and exercisable at June 30, 2019 
 398,156 
 18.20 
 4.69 
 - 
 
 Granted 
 349,508 
 3.00 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 347,222 
 3.00 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 378,224 
 17.00 
 - 
 - 
 
 Canceled 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding and exercisable at June 30, 2020 
 22,218 
 30.82 
 2.28 
 4,533 
 
 Granted 
 2,288 
 5.26 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 2,860 
 34.26 
 - 
 - 
 
 Canceled 
 12,500 
 40.00 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding and exercisable at June 30, 2021 
 9,146 
 10.80 
 2.00 
 1,943 

Of the above warrants; 2,287 expire in fiscal
year ending June 30, 2022; 2,287 expire in fiscal year ending June 30, 2023; 2,286 expire in fiscal year ending June 30,
2024 and 2,286 expire in fiscal year ending June 30, 2025 

Note 11 Fair Value Measurement 

Fair value measurements 

At June 30, 2019, the fair value
of derivative liabilities was estimated using a lattice model that is based on the individual characteristics of our warrants, preferred
and common stock, the derivative liability on the valuation date as well as assumptions for volatility, remaining expected life, risk-free
interest rate and, in some cases, credit spread. The derivative liabilities are the only Level 3 fair value measures. 

F- 27 

In a concurrent private placement on February 27,
2019, the purchasers received warrants (the Old Warrants to purchase up to 347,222 shares of common stock. The Old Warrants
had an exercise price of 12.20 per share, shall be exercisable on the six month anniversary of issuance and were to expire five (5) years
thereafter. The Old Warrants are exercisable for cash or, solely in the absence of an effective registration statement or prospectus,
by cashless exercise. 

The Company accounts for stock purchase warrants
as either equity instruments or derivative liabilities depending on the specific terms of the warrant agreements. Under applicable accounting
guidance contained in ASU 2017-11, adopted by the Company on January 1, 2019, stock warrants are to be accounted for as equity if
the warrants contain full-ratchet anti-dilution provisions. The Old Warrants issued on February 27, 2019, contained a full-ratchet
anti-dilution feature but also contained other adjustment features which required that the Old Warrants be classified as a derivative
liability. 

The Company used a lattice model to calculate
the fair value of the derivative warrants based on a probability weighted discounted cash flow model. This model is based on future
projections of the various potential outcomes. The features that were analyzed and incorporated into the model included the exercise and
full reset provisions. 

The Old Warrants were valued as of June 30,
2019 with the following assumptions: 

- 
 The 5 year warrants issued on February 27, 2019 (expire February 27, 2024) included with an exercise price of 12.20 (subject to adjustments full ratchet reset and fundamental transactions). 

- 
 The stock price would fluctuate with the Company projected volatility. 

- 
 The holder would exercise the warrant as they become exercisable (effective registration at issuance) at target prices of the higher of 2 times the projected reset exercise price or 2 times the stock price. 

- 
 The holder would exercise the warrant at maturity if the stock price was above the projected reset prices. 

- 
 The next capital raise is projected to occur during 2020 (annually 12 months from issuance) at prices approximating 100 of market triggering a reset event and exercise price adjustment. 

- 
 The fundamental transaction projected with 0 probability increasing 1 per quarter to a maximum of 10 and settlement based on the Black Scholes value. 

- 
 The stock price would fluctuate with an annual volatility. The projected volatility curve was based on historical volatilities of the Company for the valuation period. 

F- 28 

1 Year 

6/30/19 
 76.1 

The Company remeasured the fair value of the derivative
Old Warrants at January 24, 2020 to 8,403,468 with the following assumptions: 

- 
 Valuation based on 347,222 warrants with an exercise price of 12.20 

- 
 Lattice model based on market stock price of 8.45 

- 
 The Holder would exercise the warrant at maturity if the stock price was above the projected exercise price. 

- 
 An imminent reset event to 3.00 was projected based on the Company s offering. 

- 
 Future capital raises are projected to occur starting 1/31/21, and annually thereafter, at prices approximating 100 of market, which may trigger a reset event adjusting the exercise and the number of warrants. 

- 
 The fundamental transaction was projected to occur 10 of the time, tested on an annual basis, with settlement equal to the Black Scholes value. 

- 
 The stock price would fluctuate with an annual volatility. The projected volatility curve was based on historical volatility of the Company for the valuation date. The projected annual volatility for the valuation date was 106.5 . 

The fair value of the New Warrants was 2,066,425
upon issuance at January 24, 2020 using the following assumptions: 

- 
 Valuation based on 347,222 warrants with an exercise price of 3.00 

- 
 Lattice model simulation based on market stock price of 8.45 

- 
 The Holder would exercise the warrant at maturity if the stock price was above the projected exercise price. 

- 
 Future capital raises are projected to occur starting 1/31/21, and annually thereafter, at prices approximating 100 of market, which may trigger a reset event adjusting the exercise and the number of warrants. 

- 
 The fundamental transaction was projected to occur 10 of the time, tested on an annual basis, with settlement equal to the Black Scholes value. 

- 
 The stock price would fluctuate with an annual volatility. The projected volatility curve was based on historical volatility of the Company for the valuation date. The projected annual volatility for the valuation date was 106.5 . 

The 347,222 New Warrants were exercised on March 23,
2020 and March 25, 2020 pursuant to a cashless exercise provision resulting in the issuance of 180,087 shares of common stock. The
Company remeasured the fair value of the new warrants just prior to their exercise. 

The Company remeasured the fair value of the derivative
New Warrants exercised at March 23, 2020 to 941,701 with the following assumptions: 

- 
 Valuation based on 266,614 warrants exercised with an exercise price of 3.00 

- 
 Lattice model based on market stock price of 6.11 

- 
 The Holder would exercise the warrant at maturity if the stock price was above the projected exercise price. 

F- 29 

- 
 Future capital raises are projected to occur starting 4/30/21, and annually thereafter, at prices approximating 100 of market, which may trigger a reset event adjusting the exercise and the number of warrants. 

- 
 The fundamental transaction was projected to occur 10 of the time, tested on an annual basis, with settlement equal to the Black Scholes value. 

- 
 The stock price would fluctuate with an annual volatility. The projected volatility curve was based on historical volatility of the Company for the valuation date. The projected annual volatility for the valuation date was 122.6 . 

The Company remeasured the fair value of the derivative
New Warrants at March 25, 2020 to 212,180 with the following assumptions: 

- 
 Valuation based on 80,608 warrants exercised with an exercise price of 3.00 

- 
 Lattice model based on market stock price of 4.80 

- 
 The Holder would exercise the warrant at maturity if the stock price was above the projected exercise price. 

- 
 Future capital raises are projected to occur starting 4/30/21, and annually thereafter, at prices approximating 100 of market, which may trigger a reset event adjusting the exercise and the number of warrants. 

- 
 The fundamental transaction was projected to occur 10 of the time, tested on an annual basis, with settlement equal to the Black Scholes value. 

- 
 The stock price would fluctuate with an annual volatility. The projected volatility curve was based on historical volatility of the Company for the valuation date. The projected annual volatility for the valuation date was 123.0 . 

The following table presents the activity for
liabilities measured at estimated fair value using unobservable inputs for the years ended June 30, 2019 and 2020: 

Fair Value Measurement 

 Using Significant 

 Unobservable Inputs 

Derivative liability warrant 
 
 Balance at July 1, 2018 
 298,092 
 
 Additions during the year 
 1,527,259 
 
 Change in fair value 
 (179,745 
 
 Transfer in and/or out of Level 3 
 - 
 
 Balance at July 1, 2019 
 1,645,606 
 
 Additions during the year 
 2,066,425 
 
 Change in fair value 
 5,845,313 
 
 Transfer in and/or out of Level 3 
 (9,557,344 
 
 Balance at June 30, 2020 
 - 

F- 30 

Note 12 Income Tax Provision 

The Company has no current tax expense due to
its losses. 

The income tax expense for the years ended June 30,
2021, 2020, and 2019 differed from the amounts computed by applying the U.S. federal income tax rate of 21 , 21 and 21 respectively
as follows: 

For the Year Ended 

June 30, 2021 
 June 30, 2020 
 June 30, 2019 
 
 Federal Statutory Rate 
 -21.00 
 -21.00 
 -21.00 
 
 Research and Development Credit 
 0.62 
 0.13 
 -9.21 
 
 State Tax Rate 
 -5.93 
 -5.93 
 -7.49 
 
 Stock Based Compensation 
 - 
 - 
 0.14 
 
 Change in Statutory Federal Rate 
 - 
 - 
 80.30 
 
 Valuation Allowance 
 26.31 
 26.79 
 -42.74 
 
 Effective Tax Rate 
 - 
 - 
 - 

The significant components of the Company s
deferred tax assets and liabilities at June 30, 2021 and 2020 are as follows: 

June 30, 2021 
 June 30, 2020 
 
 Net operating loss 
 26,676,579 
 24,301,203 
 
 Research and development credit 
 7,053,228 
 6,998,172 
 
 Other 
 1,536,892 
 3,790,537 

Total gross deferred tax assets 
 35,266,699 
 35,089,911 
 
 Less: valuation allowance 
 (35,266,699 
 (35,089,911 
 
 Net deferred tax asset 
 - 
 - 

At June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company has
recorded a full valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets of 35,266,699 and 35,089,911, respectively, since in the judgment
of management, these assets are not more than likely than not to be realized. The increase in the valuation allowance during the year
ended June 30, 2021 was 176,788. 

F- 31 

As of June 30, 2021, the Company has approximately
 93.7 million of gross net operating loss carryforwards available to reduce future taxable income, if any for federal and state tax purposes.
The aggregate federal net operating losses generated for the years ended June 30, 2020 and 2021 of approximately 15.2 million can
be carried forward indefinitely. However, the deduction for net operating losses incurred in tax years beginning after January 1,
2018 is limited to 80 of annual taxable income. Net operating losses generated in years ended June 30, 2018 and prior have a 20-year
carryforward and will begin expiring in 2025. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, research and development credit carryforwards for federal
and state purposes are 7,053,228, and 6,998,172, respectively. The state net operating loss and credit carryforwards begin to expire
in 2025. 

On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief,
and Economic Security (CARES) Act was signed into law. The Act contains several new or changed income tax provisions, including but not
limited to the following: increased limitation threshold for determining deductible interest expense; class life changes to qualified
improvements (in general, from 39 years to 15 years), and the ability to carry back net operating losses incurred from tax years 2018
through 2021 up to the five preceding tax years. The Company has evaluated the new tax provisions of the CARES Act and determined the
impact to be either immaterial or not applicable. 

Due to the change in ownership provisions of
the Internal Revenue Code, the availability of the Company s net operating loss carry-forwards could be subject to annual limitations
against taxable income in future periods, which could substantially limit the eventual utilization of such carryforwards. The Company
has not analyzed the historical or potential impact of its equity financings on beneficial ownership and therefore no determination has
been made whether the net operating loss carryforward is subject to any Internal Revenue Code Section 382 limitation. To the extent
there is a limitation, there could be a reduction in the deferred tax asset with an offsetting reduction in the valuation allowance. 

Note 13 Commitments and Contingencies 

Legal Proceedings 

There are no pending legal proceedings against
the Company to the best of the Company s knowledge as of the date hereof and to the Company s knowledge, no action, suit or
proceeding has been threatened against the Company. 

F- 32 

Employment Agreements 

The Company and Dr. Anil Diwan, President and Chairman of the
Board of Directors, entered into an extension of employment agreement effective July 1, 2018 for a term of three years. Dr. Anil Diwan s
will be paid an annual base salary of 400,000. Additionally, Dr. Anil Diwan was awarded a grant of 26,250 shares of the Company s
Series A Preferred Stock. 8,750 shares vest equally on June 30, 2019, 2020 and 2021. Any unvested shares are subject to forfeiture.
The extension agreement is renewable annually with consent of the Board of Directors. On September 14, 2021, the Board of Directors agreed
to the extension of the employment agreement for a period of one year from July 1, 2021 through June 30, 2022 under the same general terms
and conditions. The Company granted Dr. Diwan an award of 10,204 shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock. The shares
will be deemed partially vested in quarterly installments following the grant date and fully vested on June 30, 2022. 

The Company and Dr. Irach Taraporewala, the
Company s Chief Executive Officer, entered into an employment agreement effective September 1, 2018, for a term of three years.
Dr. Taraporewala would be paid an annual base salary of 360,000. Additionally, Dr. Taraporewala was awarded a grant of 15,000
options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock. 5,000 options vested on September 1, 2018 and the remainder of the
options would vest over the two-year vesting period and are subject to forfeiture. On January 24, 2019, Dr. Taraporewala resigned
as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company for personal reasons. Also on that date, the Company and Dr. Taraporewala agreed that
Dr. Taraporewala would become a consultant for the Company for a period of two years. In connection with his resignation and
new consulting services, the Company and Dr. Taraporewala entered into a Confidential Separation and Consulting Agreement and General
Release (the Agreement pursuant to which the Company will pay Dr. Taraporewala monthly consulting payments of
 3,000 from February 1, 2019, the effective date of the Agreement, through January 31, 2021. The Agreement includes a
general release of claims against the Company, obligations of confidentiality, non-disclosure, non-disparagement and other customary provisions
found in similar agreements. The remaining 10,000 options not vested upon resignation have been forfeited. 

On March 3, 2010, the Company entered into
an employment agreement with Dr. Jayant Tatake to serve as Vice President of Research and Development. The employment
agreement provides for a term of four years with a base salary of 150,000. In addition, the Company issued 1,340 shares of
Series A preferred stock and 1,786 shares of common stock upon entering into the agreement, and will issue an additional 1,340 shares
of Series A preferred stock and 1,786 shares of common stock on each anniversary date of the agreement. The shares of Series A
preferred stock were issued in recognition of Dr. Tatake s work towards the achievement of several patents by the Company.
The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors has extended the current provisions of the employment agreement pending its review
of current industry compensation arrangements and employment agreements. 

On March 3, 2010, the Company entered into
an employment agreement with Dr. Randall Barton to serve as Chief Scientific Officer. The employment agreement provided
for a term of four years with a base salary of 150,000. In addition, the Company issued 1,786 shares of common stock upon
entering into the agreement, and will issue an additional 1,786 shares of common stock on each anniversary date of the agreement. The
Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors has extended the current provisions of the employment agreement pending its review of
current industry compensation arrangements and employment agreements. 

On May 30, 2013, the Company entered into
an employment agreement with Meeta Vyas, wife of our President and Chairman of the Board, to serve as its Chief Financial Officer. The
employment agreement provided for a term of three years with a base salary of 9,000 per month and 129 shares of Series A preferred
stock, also on a monthly basis. On January 1, 2015, her cash compensation was increased to 10,800 per month. The agreement is renewable
on an annual basis. The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors has extended the current provisions of the employment agreement
pending its review of current industry compensation arrangements and employment agreements. 

License Agreements 

The Company is dependent upon its license agreements
with TheraCour (See Notes 1 and 4). If the Company lost the right to utilize any of the proprietary information that is the subject of
the TheraCour license agreement on which it depends, the Company will incur substantial delays and costs in development of its drug candidates.
On November 1, 2019, the Company entered into a Licensing Agreement (the Agreement with TheraCour for an exclusive
license for the Company to use, promote, offer for sale, import, export, sell and distribute products for the treatment of VZV derived
indications. Process development and related work will be performed by TheraCour under the same compensation terms as prior agreements
between the parties, with no duplication of costs allowed. Upon commercialization, NanoViricides will pay 15 of Net Sales to TheraCour,
as defined in the agreement. The Company was not required to make any upfront payments to TheraCour and agreed to the following milestone
payments to TheraCour; the issuance of 75,000 shares of the Company s Series A preferred stock upon the grant of an IND Application;
 1,500,000 in cash upon completion of Phase I Clinical Trials; 2,500,000 in cash upon completion of Phase II clinical trials; and 5,000,000
in cash upon completion of Phase III clinical trials. 

F- 33 

Note 14 - Subsequent Events 

On September 9, 2021, the Company entered into a world-wide, exclusive,
sub-licensable, license Covid-19 License Agreement to use, promote, offer for sale, import, export, sell and distribute
drugs that treat Covid-19 infections, using TheraCour s proprietary as well as patented technology and intellectual property. The
discovery of ligands and polymer materials as well as formulations, the chemistry and chemical characterization, as well as process development
and related work will be performed by TheraCour under the same compensation terms as prior agreements between the parties, with no duplication
of costs allowed. Upon commercialization, NanoViricides will pay 15 of net sales to TheraCour, as defined in the agreement. The Company
was not required to make any upfront cash payments to TheraCour and agreed to the following milestone payments to TheraCour: (i) the
issuance of 100,000 shares of the Company s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock within 30 days upon execution of this agreement;
(ii) the issuance of 50,000 shares of the Company s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock upon the approval of Licensee s
Investigational New Drug (IND) Application or its equivalent by a competent regulatory authority; (iii) 1,500,000 upon initiation
of Phase I Clinical Trials, or its equivalent, for at least one Licensed Product within the Field on, or before, three (3) months
from the date of the Authority s acceptance of the IND, or its equivalent; (iv) 2,000,000 in cash upon completion of Phase
1 Clinical Trials; (v) 2,500,000 in cash upon completion of Phase IIA clinical trials, or, its equivalent; (vi) the issuance
of 100,000 shares of the Company s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock upon the initiation of Phase 3 Clinical Trials, or,
its equivalent, for at least one Licensed Product within the Field; and (vii) 5,000,000 in cash, or 500,000 shares of the Company s
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock upon completion of Phase III clinical trials, or its equivalent. Upon commercialization,
NanoViricides will pay 15 of Net Sales to TheraCour, as defined in the agreement. 

F- 34 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 tm2124471d1_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification 

 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Anil Diwan, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2021 of NanoViricides, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal over financial reporting; 

5. 
 I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 12, 2021 

/s/ Anil Diwan, PhD 

Name: 
 Anil Diwan, PhD 

Title: 
 President, Executive Chairman 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 tm2124471d1_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification 

 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Meeta Vyas, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2021 of NanoViricides, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal over financial reporting; 

5. 
 I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 12, 2021 

/s/ Meeta Vyas 

Name: 
 Meeta Vyas 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 tm2124471d1_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
(the Report of NanoViricides, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, the undersigned
Anil Diwan, the President and Executive Chairman of the Company, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of the undersigned s knowledge and belief: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: October 12, 2021 
 /s/ Anil Diwan, PhD 

Name: 
 Anil Diwan, PhD 

Title: 
 President, Executive Chairman 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

The foregoing certification
is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-K or as a separate disclosure document for purposes of Section 18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or otherwise subject to liability under that section.
This certification shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or
the Exchange Act except to the extent that this Exhibit 32.1 is expressly and specifically incorporated by reference in any such
filing. 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 tm2124471d1_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
(the Report of NanoViricides, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, the undersigned
Meeta Vyas, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of the undersigned s knowledge and belief: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: October 12, 2021 
 /s/ Meeta Vyas 

Name: 
 Meeta Vyas 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

The foregoing certification
is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-K or as a separate disclosure document for purposes of Section 18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or otherwise subject to liability under that section.
This certification shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or
the Exchange Act except to the extent that this Exhibit 32.2 is expressly and specifically incorporated by reference in any such
filing. 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 nnvc-20210630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 nnvc-20210630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 nnvc-20210630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 nnvc-20210630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 nnvc-20210630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 nnvc-20210630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

